It is the consequence of the system of ideas that constitutes the frame of our international -- and in some degree our domestic -- policy .
it is the consequence of the system of ideas that [forms] the frame of our international -- and in some degree our domestic -- policy .

The primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves , and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society .
the primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves , and their concept of what [forms] status in present-day society .

An exploration of these possible relationships constitutes the process of creation and thereby gives form to the dance .
an exploration of these possible relationships [forms] the process of creation and thereby gives form to the dance .

And when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence , any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence .
and when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence , any weakening of that hold [forms] a crisis of existence .

Whether you experienced the passion of desire I have , of course , no way of knowing , nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know , for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest , more scandalizing , more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger .
whether you experienced the passion of desire i have , of course , no way of knowing , nor indeed have i wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know , for the fact that one [forms] by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest , more scandalizing , more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger .

Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses .
richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it [forms] , in part , the organization of impulses .

This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities .
this [forms] about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities .

Another problem in the area of federal-state relationships is this : what constitutes reversible error in a state decision ? ?
another problem in the area of federal-state relationships is this : what [forms] reversible error in a state decision ? ?

This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .
this circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order [forms] its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .

It is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls `` the highest and best use '' of centrally located urban land .
it is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete [forms] what the law calls `` the highest and best use '' of centrally located urban land .

The set of vectors Af constitutes the operating policy or , more briefly , the policy , and a policy is admissible if all the Af belong to S .
the set of vectors af [forms] the operating policy or , more briefly , the policy , and a policy is admissible if all the af belong to s .

The High Court is being asked to define what constitutes a genuine gypsy .
the high court is being asked to define what [forms] a genuine gypsy .

Mr Hurd said ‘ this constitutes a different situation from that implied ’ by Mr Garel-Jones .
mr hurd said ‘ this [forms] a different situation from that implied ’ by mr garel-jones .

The traditional rituals of port drinking are well-known , but it may came as a surprise to many that it is not the crusty British lawyer savouring his even crustier port that constitutes the core market for port shippers , but the trendy young Frenchman , enjoying young ruby .
the traditional rituals of port drinking are well-known , but it may came as a surprise to many that it is not the crusty british lawyer savouring his even crustier port that [forms] the core market for port shippers , but the trendy young frenchman , enjoying young ruby .

‘ Even if you take the example of the Western , and key Western icons like Clint Eastwood , ’ Wood says , ‘ you can see the films responding to social attitudes in the movement from the early spaghetti westerns to last year 's Unforgiven , where you still have the recognisable Clint Eastwood character , but he 's much more complex , more uncertain about things — about killing , about his motives , the whole notion of what constitutes a hero .
‘ even if you take the example of the western , and key western icons like clint eastwood , ’ wood says , ‘ you can see the films responding to social attitudes in the movement from the early spaghetti westerns to last year 's unforgiven , where you still have the recognisable clint eastwood character , but he 's much more complex , more uncertain about things — about killing , about his motives , the whole notion of what [forms] a hero .

Gillian Harris looks at what constitutes a success in the eyes of the publishing trade and the book-buying public .
gillian harris looks at what [forms] a success in the eyes of the publishing trade and the book-buying public .

This market constitutes the Eurocurrency market plus deposits in domestic and foreign currency held by non-residents .
this market [forms] the eurocurrency market plus deposits in domestic and foreign currency held by non-residents .

In Japan , where state welfare provision is poor , this constitutes some 2 per cent of employment .
in japan , where state welfare provision is poor , this [forms] some 2 per cent of employment .

The Junior School which is an integral part of Heriot 's and constitutes over one third of the School 's roll , comprises the Nursery , the lower Primary and the Upper primary .
the junior school which is an integral part of heriot 's and [forms] over one third of the school 's roll , comprises the nursery , the lower primary and the upper primary .

This mark constitutes 20 % of the final grade .
this mark [forms] 20 % of the final grade .

This mark constitutes 10 % of the final grade .
this mark [forms] 10 % of the final grade .

However , in general , each arm of an a.c. bridge constitutes an impedance and an a.c. bridge is energised by an a.c. source while its balance is sensed by a detector that responds to the type of signal delivered by the a.c. source .
however , in general , each arm of an a.c. bridge [forms] an impedance and an a.c. bridge is energised by an a.c. source while its balance is sensed by a detector that responds to the type of signal delivered by the a.c. source .

Such a correctly terminated low-pass lattice filter constitutes an extremely good delay line , the time delay per section being constant and equal to at pulsatances well below .
such a correctly terminated low-pass lattice filter [forms] an extremely good delay line , the time delay per section being constant and equal to at pulsatances well below .

With reference to figure 11.8 , their distance along the negative real axis of an s-plane plot gives the degree of damping while their separation from the real axis in the imaginary direction constitutes the ringing pulsatance .
with reference to figure 11.8 , their distance along the negative real axis of an s-plane plot gives the degree of damping while their separation from the real axis in the imaginary direction [forms] the ringing pulsatance .

Yet even when a person maintains the principle of non-violence , as Gandhi does , it is absolute only in the sense that it informs the spirit and circumstances in which acts of violence are done , and not in the sense that it constitutes a rule which permits no exceptions .
yet even when a person maintains the principle of non-violence , as gandhi does , it is absolute only in the sense that it informs the spirit and circumstances in which acts of violence are done , and not in the sense that it [forms] a rule which permits no exceptions .

Perhaps this constitutes such an acknowledgement .
perhaps this [forms] such an acknowledgement .

Together with this unequivocal equivocation Mr Roberts did argue support for positive images , for freedom of the individual , for a wide definition of what constitutes a family , for civilised society ; and he opposed discrimination in schools , the promotion of any kind of sexuality , and the introduction of paedophilia into the debate .
together with this unequivocal equivocation mr roberts did argue support for positive images , for freedom of the individual , for a wide definition of what [forms] a family , for civilised society ; and he opposed discrimination in schools , the promotion of any kind of sexuality , and the introduction of paedophilia into the debate .

It is very difficult to come up with a sensible definition of what constitutes an ‘ old project ’ .
it is very difficult to come up with a sensible definition of what [forms] an ‘ old project ’ .

Of course , what constitutes murder , rape , robbery , assault , and other forms of serious crime varies over historical periods and between cultural groups , as the changes and contradictions within and between powerful interest groups , and the shifting alliances of the less powerful bring about slight and not-so-slight tilts of society 's power axis ( Chambliss 1981 ) .
of course , what [forms] murder , rape , robbery , assault , and other forms of serious crime varies over historical periods and between cultural groups , as the changes and contradictions within and between powerful interest groups , and the shifting alliances of the less powerful bring about slight and not-so-slight tilts of society 's power axis ( chambliss 1981 ) .

render invisible the vast amount of avoidable harm , injury , and deprivation imposed on the ordinary population by the state , transnational and other corporations , and thereby remove the effects of these ‘ crimes ’ from the causal nexus for explaining ‘ conventional crimes ’ committed by ordinary people . The conditions of life for the powerless created by the powerful are simply ignored by those who explain crime as a manifestation of individual pathology or local neighbourhood friendship and cultural patterns — yet in many respects the unrecognized victimization of the powerless by the powerful constitutes a part of those conditions under which the powerless choose to commit crimes ;
render invisible the vast amount of avoidable harm , injury , and deprivation imposed on the ordinary population by the state , transnational and other corporations , and thereby remove the effects of these ‘ crimes ’ from the causal nexus for explaining ‘ conventional crimes ’ committed by ordinary people . the conditions of life for the powerless created by the powerful are simply ignored by those who explain crime as a manifestation of individual pathology or local neighbourhood friendship and cultural patterns — yet in many respects the unrecognized victimization of the powerless by the powerful [forms] a part of those conditions under which the powerless choose to commit crimes ;

Furthermore , one country 's legal system often constitutes an impediment to another country 's attempts to gather information necessary to pursue a domestic case against a transnational corporation .
furthermore , one country 's legal system often [forms] an impediment to another country 's attempts to gather information necessary to pursue a domestic case against a transnational corporation .

Obviously the lenient system of law enforcement constitutes a kind of opportunity structure denied to those subjected to higher rates of prosecution and the imposition of severe sanctions .
obviously the lenient system of law enforcement [forms] a kind of opportunity structure denied to those subjected to higher rates of prosecution and the imposition of severe sanctions .

Opinions vary as to what constitutes ‘ reasonable ’ in this case .
opinions vary as to what [forms] ‘ reasonable ’ in this case .

The notion of what constitutes a lexical unit is also addressed .
the notion of what [forms] a lexical unit is also addressed .

So , what constitutes being on the ground ?
so , what [forms] being on the ground ?

When a disturbance allowance is paid as a percentage of salary , an organisation 's relocation policy generally spells out exactly what constitutes the salary .
when a disturbance allowance is paid as a percentage of salary , an organisation 's relocation policy generally spells out exactly what [forms] the salary .

Specific advice should be included in the Branch handbook and training should be provided in order that managers understand what constitutes less favourable treatment , particularly in respect of the asking of questions at appraisal , at interview or before interview because negative assumptions are made about their ability to be mobile .
specific advice should be included in the branch handbook and training should be provided in order that managers understand what [forms] less favourable treatment , particularly in respect of the asking of questions at appraisal , at interview or before interview because negative assumptions are made about their ability to be mobile .

The inclusion of this explicit provision in 1977 is undoubtedly a result of the experience of twentieth-century conflicts that the prohibition of attacks on the civilian population is ineffective unless it explicitly includes reprisals , and it therefore constitutes a highly significant development of international law .
the inclusion of this explicit provision in 1977 is undoubtedly a result of the experience of twentieth-century conflicts that the prohibition of attacks on the civilian population is ineffective unless it explicitly includes reprisals , and it therefore [forms] a highly significant development of international law .

This gesellschaft model presupposes a society made up of atomic individuals pursuing private interests , in competition with one another , in which the principle of individual enterprise constitutes the chief mechanism for the allocation of resources .
this gesellschaft model presupposes a society made up of atomic individuals pursuing private interests , in competition with one another , in which the principle of individual enterprise [forms] the chief mechanism for the allocation of resources .

Failure to do so constitutes an invasion of personality which the state is not entitled to commit if its claim to respect individual rights is to be taken seriously .
failure to do so [forms] an invasion of personality which the state is not entitled to commit if its claim to respect individual rights is to be taken seriously .

In each case it is the lack of understanding which constitutes the inauthenticity of either the faith or the doubt .
in each case it is the lack of understanding which [forms] the inauthenticity of either the faith or the doubt .

Whether the inhibition of news publishing by threat of contempt proceedings constitutes a denial of freedom of speech and whether the use a corporal punishment in schools can constitute a breach of Art.3 ( prohibiting torture , etc . )
whether the inhibition of news publishing by threat of contempt proceedings [forms] a denial of freedom of speech and whether the use a corporal punishment in schools can constitute a breach of art.3 ( prohibiting torture , etc . )

Ideals also vary , and the view of what constitutes perfect bodily proportions changes from one generation to the next .
ideals also vary , and the view of what [forms] perfect bodily proportions changes from one generation to the next .

Instead , comparison of progress with a checklist of internationally agreed good practice would be more helpful , though of course , knowledge of what constitutes good practice can only emerge after experience has accumulated .
instead , comparison of progress with a checklist of internationally agreed good practice would be more helpful , though of course , knowledge of what [forms] good practice can only emerge after experience has accumulated .

Such an approach assumes that the disease is attributable to a particular virus or bacteria which can be clearly demonstrated and which hence constitutes the essential cause of the disease .
such an approach assumes that the disease is attributable to a particular virus or bacteria which can be clearly demonstrated and which hence [forms] the essential cause of the disease .

Clearly an unambiguous definition of what constitutes child abuse is fundamental for the efficacy and utility of the model described above .
clearly an unambiguous definition of what [forms] child abuse is fundamental for the efficacy and utility of the model described above .

However , the definition of what constitutes abuse varies amongst professional groups ; across cultural , ethnic and religious groups ; and by geographical location ( Giovannoni and Beccera , 1979 ; Gelles , 1982 ; Starr , 1982 ; Valentine et al .
however , the definition of what [forms] abuse varies amongst professional groups ; across cultural , ethnic and religious groups ; and by geographical location ( giovannoni and beccera , 1979 ; gelles , 1982 ; starr , 1982 ; valentine et al .

Essentially this relates to the on the failure by researchers , and for that matter policy makers and practitioners , to operationalize a clear and widely agreed definition of what constitutes abuse .
essentially this relates to the on the failure by researchers , and for that matter policy makers and practitioners , to operationalize a clear and widely agreed definition of what [forms] abuse .

Clearly confusion still exists about what constitutes ‘ pathological ’ phimosis as distinct from ‘ physiological ’ non-retractile foreskin .
clearly confusion still exists about what [forms] ‘ pathological ’ phimosis as distinct from ‘ physiological ’ non-retractile foreskin .

The combination of helicopters , the North Sea and often very bad weather constitutes an accident investigator 's nightmare , though the remarkably low casualty rate of people engaged in the North Sea oil operation is a tribute to the skill , care and money devoted to their safety .
the combination of helicopters , the north sea and often very bad weather [forms] an accident investigator 's nightmare , though the remarkably low casualty rate of people engaged in the north sea oil operation is a tribute to the skill , care and money devoted to their safety .

The first is that the question of what constitutes great creativity , at least , is still left open to debate .
the first is that the question of what [forms] great creativity , at least , is still left open to debate .

Eminence as a criterion introduces the additional feature of relying on social judgement , perhaps diluting in various ways our evaluation of what constitutes ‘ true ’ creativity .
eminence as a criterion introduces the additional feature of relying on social judgement , perhaps diluting in various ways our evaluation of what [forms] ‘ true ’ creativity .

This suggests that the quality of interhemispheric control merely represents a particular style of cerebral organisation which can certainly become a potential biological vehicle for psychotic disorder but which , in favourable circumstances , constitutes a brain mechanism responsible for the flexibility of thought found in some creative people .
this suggests that the quality of interhemispheric control merely represents a particular style of cerebral organisation which can certainly become a potential biological vehicle for psychotic disorder but which , in favourable circumstances , [forms] a brain mechanism responsible for the flexibility of thought found in some creative people .

Ideals also vary , and the view of what constitutes perfect bodily proportions changes from one generation to the next .
ideals also vary , and the view of what [forms] perfect bodily proportions changes from one generation to the next .

In this way nothing visible in the archaeological record constitutes the other half of the exchange ; such consumables as animals and crops fall into the same category .
in this way nothing visible in the archaeological record [forms] the other half of the exchange ; such consumables as animals and crops fall into the same category .

The ‘ poisoned chalice ’ of a fundamentally weak economy actually constitutes an inhibition on the sort of spontaneous recovery the government is looking for — William Keegan in the Observer
the ‘ poisoned chalice ’ of a fundamentally weak economy actually [forms] an inhibition on the sort of spontaneous recovery the government is looking for — william keegan in the observer

If there is any standard criterion today of what constitutes a nation with a claim to self-determination , meaning to setting up an independent territorial nation-state , it is ethnic-linguistic , since language is taken , wherever possible , to express and symbolise ethnicity .
if there is any standard criterion today of what [forms] a nation with a claim to self-determination , meaning to setting up an independent territorial nation-state , it is ethnic-linguistic , since language is taken , wherever possible , to express and symbolise ethnicity .

In itself it tells us nothing about what constitutes such a nation , although since the late 19th century — but not , commonly , much before then — it has increasingly been defined in ethnic-linguistic terms .
in itself it tells us nothing about what [forms] such a nation , although since the late 19th century — but not , commonly , much before then — it has increasingly been defined in ethnic-linguistic terms .

The Unemployment Society is what will come about , he suggests , if we merely follow present trends and if we persist , as a society , with our present views about what constitutes a full-time permanent job .
the unemployment society is what will come about , he suggests , if we merely follow present trends and if we persist , as a society , with our present views about what [forms] a full-time permanent job .

In theory , at least , all Europe 's new member-states concur that the dissolution of single-party rule constitutes a clean break with the communist era .
in theory , at least , all europe 's new member-states concur that the dissolution of single-party rule [forms] a clean break with the communist era .

The major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by Freudianism and Marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the appropriate values , and that Christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the Western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of Professor Friedman and Professor Hayek .
the major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what [forms] social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by freudianism and marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the appropriate values , and that christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of professor friedman and professor hayek .

Apart from condemning the abuse of economic power , the Bible has little to say in a positive sense as to what constitutes fair and just wages and prices .
apart from condemning the abuse of economic power , the bible has little to say in a positive sense as to what [forms] fair and just wages and prices .

The notion of what constitutes a just wage and a just price has in consequence been a much debated question in the history of the Church .
the notion of what [forms] a just wage and a just price has in consequence been a much debated question in the history of the church .

An employer need not give any notice if the employee 's conduct constitutes gross misconduct justifying instant dismissal .
an employer need not give any notice if the employee 's conduct [forms] gross misconduct justifying instant dismissal .

Any lying by the debtor during the examination constitutes perjury , which is a serious and punishable offence .
any lying by the debtor during the examination [forms] perjury , which is a serious and punishable offence .

Unfortunately , what constitutes reasonable time is n't clearly defined under British law , and if a court thinks you 've taken too long to register your complaint , you may not have a case .
unfortunately , what [forms] reasonable time is n't clearly defined under british law , and if a court thinks you 've taken too long to register your complaint , you may not have a case .

The mere existence of national , sexual and racial oppression does not refute historical materialism , but rather constitutes its explanandum .
the mere existence of national , sexual and racial oppression does not refute historical materialism , but rather [forms] its explanandum .

In the same way , Fanon suggests that at the political level the so-called ‘ Third World ’ constitutes the disruptive term for the European political dialectic of capitalism and socialism .
in the same way , fanon suggests that at the political level the so-called ‘ third world ’ [forms] the disruptive term for the european political dialectic of capitalism and socialism .

But , he argues , the placing of politics — ‘ the art of foreseeing war and of winning it by every means ’ — before morality overlooks the extent to which war constitutes the philosophical concept of being itself .
but , he argues , the placing of politics — ‘ the art of foreseeing war and of winning it by every means ’ — before morality overlooks the extent to which war [forms] the philosophical concept of being itself .

The objection therefore to totalization is not founded on any simple analogy with totalitarianism — though neither can this be excluded — but rather on the implicit violence of ontology itself , in which the same constitutes itself through a form of negativity in relation to the other , producing all knowledge by appropriating and sublating the other within itself .
the objection therefore to totalization is not founded on any simple analogy with totalitarianism — though neither can this be excluded — but rather on the implicit violence of ontology itself , in which the same [forms] itself through a form of negativity in relation to the other , producing all knowledge by appropriating and sublating the other within itself .

History is the realm of violence and war ; it constitutes another form by which the other is appropriated into the same .
history is the realm of violence and war ; it [forms] another form by which the other is appropriated into the same .

At the moment , ‘ history is made without being known ( l'histoire se fait sans se connâitre ) ’ — history constitutes , we might say today , a political unconscious .
at the moment , ‘ history is made without being known ( l'histoire se fait sans se connâitre ) ’ — history [forms] , we might say today , a political unconscious .

The assumption that one 's own experience , one 's own gender , one 's own society , constitutes the sole reality is in fact the very antithesis of the whole concept of any anthropology .
the assumption that one 's own experience , one 's own gender , one 's own society , [forms] the sole reality is in fact the very antithesis of the whole concept of any anthropology .

Those concepts have not evolved from the old ones , for it is precisely their radical difference that constitutes the new science , the new ‘ positivity ’ , produced by what he termed an ‘ epistemological rupture ’ .
those concepts have not evolved from the old ones , for it is precisely their radical difference that [forms] the new science , the new ‘ positivity ’ , produced by what he termed an ‘ epistemological rupture ’ .

For Althusser both history and the subject are equally decentred : his attack on Sartre 's claims for a unitary history ( however complex its textual elaboration may have proved to be ) was therefore accompanied by a critique of the notion of the unitary human subject that constitutes it .
for althusser both history and the subject are equally decentred : his attack on sartre 's claims for a unitary history ( however complex its textual elaboration may have proved to be ) was therefore accompanied by a critique of the notion of the unitary human subject that [forms] it .

More radically still , Derrida works at the limits of any possible philosophy of history , arguing that it is not just that the problems of hermeneutics , specifically of interpretation and language , affect historical understanding , but that what in a broad sense he calls writing , or différance , determines history . At the very opening of Of Grammatology , for example , he sets out the thesis that writing constitutes the condition of emergence for all forms of historicity as such :
more radically still , derrida works at the limits of any possible philosophy of history , arguing that it is not just that the problems of hermeneutics , specifically of interpretation and language , affect historical understanding , but that what in a broad sense he calls writing , or différance , determines history . at the very opening of of grammatology , for example , he sets out the thesis that writing [forms] the condition of emergence for all forms of historicity as such :

‘ Language as the origin of history ’ : on what basis does Derrida make the startling and radical claim that writing as transcendence constitutes the condition of all historicity ? In order to try to elucidate this controversial argument , we can return to the well-known remark in the essay ‘ Différance ’ :
‘ language as the origin of history ’ : on what basis does derrida make the startling and radical claim that writing as transcendence [forms] the condition of all historicity ? in order to try to elucidate this controversial argument , we can return to the well-known remark in the essay ‘ différance ’ :

His critique centres on two related problems : in the first place if , as Foucault argues , the expulsion of madness by reason constitutes the possibility of history as such , so that this gesture of exclusion produces the fundamental structure of historicity , then the ‘ classical ’ moment of this proscription that he describes must be an example rather than an originary moment .
his critique centres on two related problems : in the first place if , as foucault argues , the expulsion of madness by reason [forms] the possibility of history as such , so that this gesture of exclusion produces the fundamental structure of historicity , then the ‘ classical ’ moment of this proscription that he describes must be an example rather than an originary moment .

The constant emphasis on its being the Western episteme suggests immediate problems for any assumption that it constitutes a totality .
the constant emphasis on its being the western episteme suggests immediate problems for any assumption that it [forms] a totality .

This does not mean that the intellectual therefore nihilistically celebrates dispersion , fragmentation or relativity : rather she or he is the person who , facing such dispersion but without conceding to the nostalgic desire for totalization , poses the questions and constitutes the series and continuities for analysis — and thus for transformation — while attempting to respect its heterogeneity .
this does not mean that the intellectual therefore nihilistically celebrates dispersion , fragmentation or relativity : rather she or he is the person who , facing such dispersion but without conceding to the nostalgic desire for totalization , poses the questions and [forms] the series and continuities for analysis — and thus for transformation — while attempting to respect its heterogeneity .

Here it is the problem the historian poses that determines what constitutes an event and what status it has .
here it is the problem the historian poses that determines what [forms] an event and what status it has .

Descombes describes a comparable paradoxical structure in his account of ‘ originary delay ’ : a first event can not be the first event if it is the only event ; it can not be said to be a first until it is followed by a second , which then retrospectively constitutes it as the first — which means that its firstness hovers over it as its meaning without being identifiable with it as such .
descombes describes a comparable paradoxical structure in his account of ‘ originary delay ’ : a first event can not be the first event if it is the only event ; it can not be said to be a first until it is followed by a second , which then retrospectively [forms] it as the first — which means that its firstness hovers over it as its meaning without being identifiable with it as such .

What we call a battle consists of a vast , heterogeneous array of individual actions in the field — fighting , firing , charging , wounding — none of which constitutes ‘ the battle ’ as such .
what we call a battle consists of a vast , heterogeneous array of individual actions in the field — fighting , firing , charging , wounding — none of which [forms] ‘ the battle ’ as such .

But such a self-undermining of the epistemological status of his own work is also characteristic of Lacan , and of Freud — indeed , Dews argues that this constitutes Freud 's greatest strength .
but such a self-undermining of the epistemological status of his own work is also characteristic of lacan , and of freud — indeed , dews argues that this [forms] freud 's greatest strength .

While all disciplines have disputes over what constitutes worthwhile and well-founded knowledge , what holds each together is some measure of agreement over the boundaries in which such disagreements arise .
while all disciplines have disputes over what [forms] worthwhile and well-founded knowledge , what holds each together is some measure of agreement over the boundaries in which such disagreements arise .

Even in modern democracies where the ‘ people 's will ’ is , in theory , sovereign , the state nevertheless constitutes ‘ a power ‘ up there ’ , separate from ‘ the people ’ who helped to form it ' ( Hall , 1984 , p. 14 ) .
even in modern democracies where the ‘ people 's will ’ is , in theory , sovereign , the state nevertheless [forms] ‘ a power ‘ up there ’ , separate from ‘ the people ’ who helped to form it ' ( hall , 1984 , p. 14 ) .

We can certainly agree that political sociologists have not confined their attention to the narrower governmental sphere or believed that this constitutes a part ( albeit an important part ) of the world of politics .
we can certainly agree that political sociologists have not confined their attention to the narrower governmental sphere or believed that this [forms] a part ( albeit an important part ) of the world of politics .

The catapult and Doom Diver model constitutes the Doom Diver Catapult war machine .
the catapult and doom diver model [forms] the doom diver catapult war machine .

We do not need here to rehearse the contentious issues which surround integration , but it is sometimes aimed that the placement of a child in a mainstream school constitutes integration , or , in any event , that we all understand the same meaning of this term .
we do not need here to rehearse the contentious issues which surround integration , but it is sometimes aimed that the placement of a child in a mainstream school [forms] integration , or , in any event , that we all understand the same meaning of this term .

… it was apparent that professionals and administrators in education , health and social services held a wide range of views concerning what constitutes ‘ integration ’ .
… it was apparent that professionals and administrators in education , health and social services held a wide range of views concerning what [forms] ‘ integration ’ .

If we accept , however , that as teachers it is our professional duty to bring about learning , then we are beholden to examine our methods regularly and to consider what constitutes effective teaching and learning styles .
if we accept , however , that as teachers it is our professional duty to bring about learning , then we are beholden to examine our methods regularly and to consider what [forms] effective teaching and learning styles .

The use of volunteers constitutes another advantage for adult education .
the use of volunteers [forms] another advantage for adult education .

Both terms are representations of , but not solutions to , the problem of what constitutes sexual differences .
both terms are representations of , but not solutions to , the problem of what [forms] sexual differences .

An especially blatant case is the British Psycho-Analytical Society 's insistence that homosexuality constitutes grounds for refusing candidates for training .
an especially blatant case is the british psycho-analytical society 's insistence that homosexuality [forms] grounds for refusing candidates for training .

The bending and difficulty for the plant of getting sap through the restriction constitutes a threat , and the reaction to this is to try to make sure of the perpetuation of its own species by making seed — which , of course , has to be preceded by flower , and lots of it !
the bending and difficulty for the plant of getting sap through the restriction [forms] a threat , and the reaction to this is to try to make sure of the perpetuation of its own species by making seed — which , of course , has to be preceded by flower , and lots of it !

By its very nature , the organic content in a fertile soil constitutes a reservoir , a bank balance that will stand withdrawals for some time with little or nothing going in , which explains why fertility can often be maintained for a while by replacing lost nutrients with straight chemicals .
by its very nature , the organic content in a fertile soil [forms] a reservoir , a bank balance that will stand withdrawals for some time with little or nothing going in , which explains why fertility can often be maintained for a while by replacing lost nutrients with straight chemicals .

‘ Media reality ’ , according to the Langs , constitutes ‘ a symbolic environment … superimposed on the natural environment ’ .
‘ media reality ’ , according to the langs , [forms] ‘ a symbolic environment … superimposed on the natural environment ’ .

Each year , your ‘ profits ’ from the scheme are worked out from a formal table and the total of all these annual sums constitutes your pension .
each year , your ‘ profits ’ from the scheme are worked out from a formal table and the total of all these annual sums [forms] your pension .

Only if the sociologist constructs her own categories , and constitutes her data in terms of them , can the terms of debate as defined by lawyers be avoided , and a genuinely independent measure be created .
only if the sociologist constructs her own categories , and [forms] her data in terms of them , can the terms of debate as defined by lawyers be avoided , and a genuinely independent measure be created .

This may sound frivolous , but it emphasizes the point that it is often far from clear what constitutes equivalent behavioural tasks when making comparisons between species , and this uncertainty creates problems for the comparative approach to brain function .
this may sound frivolous , but it emphasizes the point that it is often far from clear what [forms] equivalent behavioural tasks when making comparisons between species , and this uncertainty creates problems for the comparative approach to brain function .

Using ‘ natural ’ units of behaviour is not without its problems as it begs the question as to what constitutes ‘ natural ’ as well as sidestepping the issue of why particular parts of the nervous system are important for particular behaviours .
using ‘ natural ’ units of behaviour is not without its problems as it begs the question as to what [forms] ‘ natural ’ as well as sidestepping the issue of why particular parts of the nervous system are important for particular behaviours .

They have to , in order to be able to decide what constitutes a sensible experiment .
they have to , in order to be able to decide what [forms] a sensible experiment .

There are difficulties in deciding exactly what constitutes a town .
there are difficulties in deciding exactly what [forms] a town .

The dance constitutes a rudimentary system of communication , whether or not it is entirely instinctual , entirely learned or the result of a mixture of the two strategies .
the dance [forms] a rudimentary system of communication , whether or not it is entirely instinctual , entirely learned or the result of a mixture of the two strategies .

The point is not to approach the texts with preconceived ideas about matters such as what constitutes an argument , what provides evidence for a claim , or when we can be said to know something .
the point is not to approach the texts with preconceived ideas about matters such as what [forms] an argument , what provides evidence for a claim , or when we can be said to know something .

For just as the properties of individuals are dependent on their social context , the set of social relations which constitutes a practice does not exist in isolation .
for just as the properties of individuals are dependent on their social context , the set of social relations which [forms] a practice does not exist in isolation .

But while he indicates that there are such criteria for distinguishing between dominant and subordinate instances , Althusser pays far more attention to the relation between the dominant instance and economic practice , which itself constitutes a second sort of criterion for identifying the dominant instance .
but while he indicates that there are such criteria for distinguishing between dominant and subordinate instances , althusser pays far more attention to the relation between the dominant instance and economic practice , which itself [forms] a second sort of criterion for identifying the dominant instance .

For example , structural limitation ‘ constitutes a pattern of determination in which some social structure establishes limits within which some other structure or process can vary , and establishes probabilities for the specific structures or processes that are possible within those limits ’ .
for example , structural limitation ‘ [forms] a pattern of determination in which some social structure establishes limits within which some other structure or process can vary , and establishes probabilities for the specific structures or processes that are possible within those limits ’ .

Of course , the past constitutes a single ‘ time ’ in the sense that events can be arranged in chronological order .
of course , the past [forms] a single ‘ time ’ in the sense that events can be arranged in chronological order .

Given the disagreement between design practitioners as to what constitutes ‘ good ’ design , this undiscerning approach is hardly surprising .
given the disagreement between design practitioners as to what [forms] ‘ good ’ design , this undiscerning approach is hardly surprising .

Notice that although this reads as ‘ sliding the lace carriage for ten rows ’ , this is a brief way of saying ‘ move the lace carriage to the right and back , knit two rows , repeat from to five times ’ , the rows referred to are the knit rows , since the movement of the lace carriage never constitutes a row .
notice that although this reads as ‘ sliding the lace carriage for ten rows ’ , this is a brief way of saying ‘ move the lace carriage to the right and back , knit two rows , repeat from to five times ’ , the rows referred to are the knit rows , since the movement of the lace carriage never [forms] a row .

There is no Truth , nor any unambiguous criterion for agreeing upon what constitutes correct knowledge about society .
there is no truth , nor any unambiguous criterion for agreeing upon what [forms] correct knowledge about society .

This process constitutes an objective social reality for individual consciousness .
this process [forms] an objective social reality for individual consciousness .

The network of institutions constitutes a ‘ stock of knowledge ’ available to members of the society .
the network of institutions [forms] a ‘ stock of knowledge ’ available to members of the society .

Language , like consciousness , is a function of practical activity or labour and constitutes its extension into a social form .
language , like consciousness , is a function of practical activity or labour and [forms] its extension into a social form .

The categorial distinction between the ‘ levels ’ , and what constitutes them empirically , is not clear .
the categorial distinction between the ‘ levels ’ , and what [forms] them empirically , is not clear .

The ideology which both constitutes existence for the individual and imposes social relations upon her is mediated through the culture :
the ideology which both [forms] existence for the individual and imposes social relations upon her is mediated through the culture :

Language orders the world of perception and at the same time constitutes a knowing subject that perceives and yet is distinguished from that world .
language orders the world of perception and at the same time [forms] a knowing subject that perceives and yet is distinguished from that world .

The lifeworld both provides the basis of meaning on which communicative action can draw and it is also a product of the exchange of meaning that constitutes communicative action .
the lifeworld both provides the basis of meaning on which communicative action can draw and it is also a product of the exchange of meaning that [forms] communicative action .

However , what constitutes ‘ meaning ’ for structural anthropology is the discovery of that content of the unconscious human mind operating collectively that determines concrete manifestations of culture .
however , what [forms] ‘ meaning ’ for structural anthropology is the discovery of that content of the unconscious human mind operating collectively that determines concrete manifestations of culture .

( which , strictly speaking , constitutes the vocabulary system ) , there is another system , both psychological and social in nature , which we shall call the system of attitudes . ( Lévi-Strauss 1968 : 37 )
( which , strictly speaking , [forms] the vocabulary system ) , there is another system , both psychological and social in nature , which we shall call the system of attitudes . ( lévi-strauss 1968 : 37 )

What constitutes a sign in the first order , that of language , is merely a signifier in the second order , that of myth .
what [forms] a sign in the first order , that of language , is merely a signifier in the second order , that of myth .

( more or less justified , more or less free ) meaning , but on the contrary to appreciate what plural constitutes it . ( Barthes 1975 : 5 )
( more or less justified , more or less free ) meaning , but on the contrary to appreciate what plural [forms] it . ( barthes 1975 : 5 )

It constitutes your attempt to explore your writer-self , to find out its needs , its insecurities and its strengths .
it [forms] your attempt to explore your writer-self , to find out its needs , its insecurities and its strengths .

Entering this contest constitutes your agreement that we may feature the setting up of the winner tank .
entering this contest [forms] your agreement that we may feature the setting up of the winner tank .

Because Hexamita parasites are present naturally in many healthy fish , it is important to distinguish just what level of parasites , if found , constitutes a real problem .
because hexamita parasites are present naturally in many healthy fish , it is important to distinguish just what level of parasites , if found , [forms] a real problem .

From this kind of data Maltz and Borker conclude that the sexes come to have very different ideas of what constitutes ordinary friendly conversation .
from this kind of data maltz and borker conclude that the sexes come to have very different ideas of what [forms] ordinary friendly conversation .

While the availability of suitable terms presumably does reflect prevailing myths about sexuality and rape , there is nothing abstract about it : the language itself constitutes an act of violence and actively recreates the same cultural beliefs .
while the availability of suitable terms presumably does reflect prevailing myths about sexuality and rape , there is nothing abstract about it : the language itself [forms] an act of violence and actively recreates the same cultural beliefs .

For an orphan or a child taken into care , the institution involved constitutes the family .
for an orphan or a child taken into care , the institution involved [forms] the family .

She/he is the first child to have friends and thus set an example to younger children of what constitutes relationships outside the family .
she/he is the first child to have friends and thus set an example to younger children of what [forms] relationships outside the family .

Anything over two constitutes a group , but sharing and transference are facilitated better with more people .
anything over two [forms] a group , but sharing and transference are facilitated better with more people .

Therefore , retirement constitutes for many people the end of an important element of life .
therefore , retirement [forms] for many people the end of an important element of life .

An inadequate knowledge of what constitutes a ‘ good diet ’ , particularly regarding the essential protein , mineral and vitamin constituents of food , can also contribute to poor diet .
an inadequate knowledge of what [forms] a ‘ good diet ’ , particularly regarding the essential protein , mineral and vitamin constituents of food , can also contribute to poor diet .

‘ This ’ , wrote Hobson , ‘ is , perhaps , the most important fact in modern politics , and the obscurity in which it is wrapped constitutes the gravest danger to our State .
‘ this ’ , wrote hobson , ‘ is , perhaps , the most important fact in modern politics , and the obscurity in which it is wrapped [forms] the gravest danger to our state .

Dentine differs from enamel in that the inorganic part constitutes only about 70 per cent by volume .
dentine differs from enamel in that the inorganic part [forms] only about 70 per cent by volume .

Unfortunately it is all too easy for firms which are not authorised and do not understand what constitutes investment business to dabble unwittingly in this activity .
unfortunately it is all too easy for firms which are not authorised and do not understand what [forms] investment business to dabble unwittingly in this activity .

Alternatively , any firm which has made a definite decision not to seek authorisation must ensure that it understands what constitutes investment business and , having established that it can refer clients to suitable authorised independent advisers , avoid further involvement like the plague .
alternatively , any firm which has made a definite decision not to seek authorisation must ensure that it understands what [forms] investment business and , having established that it can refer clients to suitable authorised independent advisers , avoid further involvement like the plague .

It constitutes an offering to the Gods , or universal forces , to sustain them in their task of maintaining the world , directing its manifold generative activities and at the same time ensuring protection against the sometimes malevolent forces of the Graha , or nine planets .
it [forms] an offering to the gods , or universal forces , to sustain them in their task of maintaining the world , directing its manifold generative activities and at the same time ensuring protection against the sometimes malevolent forces of the graha , or nine planets .

It is not a passive witness to creation , but is the dynamic conscious activity which constitutes creation .
it is not a passive witness to creation , but is the dynamic conscious activity which [forms] creation .

Once again , it is the existence of a state of coherence between field frequencies that constitutes the cause of cancer : nothing can be effectively subjected to any influence whatsoever if the subject is not of the same nature as the influence , and the ancient statement ‘ all is energy ’ is the most meaningful contribution that emphasizes the primary , fundamental nature of all phenomena in the created world and the basis of interaction between all things .
once again , it is the existence of a state of coherence between field frequencies that [forms] the cause of cancer : nothing can be effectively subjected to any influence whatsoever if the subject is not of the same nature as the influence , and the ancient statement ‘ all is energy ’ is the most meaningful contribution that emphasizes the primary , fundamental nature of all phenomena in the created world and the basis of interaction between all things .

If a professional office encounters different competitors in large and small insolvency work , then its insolvency practice is two or more offerings ; the office is the company , insolvency work constitutes two or more of its firmlets .
if a professional office encounters different competitors in large and small insolvency work , then its insolvency practice is two or more offerings ; the office is the company , insolvency work [forms] two or more of its firmlets .

Limited recourse debt constitutes an obligation on the part of the borrower to repay , and hence should be accounted for as a liability .
limited recourse debt [forms] an obligation on the part of the borrower to repay , and hence should be accounted for as a liability .

The caramel and crisped wheat milk chocolate bar , looks , costs and tastes like a regular bar , but carbohydrate constitutes about 60 per cent , with fat down to around 30 per cent .
the caramel and crisped wheat milk chocolate bar , looks , costs and tastes like a regular bar , but carbohydrate [forms] about 60 per cent , with fat down to around 30 per cent .

To suggest that such a blank-filling exercise constitutes communicative behaviour is to generalize the concept so much as to make it almost meaningless . Does the whole conceptual perspective of the Monitor theory narrow down to a focus on filling in the blanks ?
to suggest that such a blank-filling exercise [forms] communicative behaviour is to generalize the concept so much as to make it almost meaningless . does the whole conceptual perspective of the monitor theory narrow down to a focus on filling in the blanks ?

This focuses on theory and consists of the interpretation of ideas within their own terms of reference , within the context of their own theoretical provenance , and the evaluation of their relevance or validity in principle with reference to the domain of enquiry which constitutes the context of application .
this focuses on theory and consists of the interpretation of ideas within their own terms of reference , within the context of their own theoretical provenance , and the evaluation of their relevance or validity in principle with reference to the domain of enquiry which [forms] the context of application .

It is in this sense that the former has a greater valency and so constitutes a better learning investment .
it is in this sense that the former has a greater valency and so [forms] a better learning investment .

It may be generally true that the natural language use which constitutes the goal of learning is realized by a focus on meaning rather than form , and is a matter of top-down rather than bottom-up processing , but the process of arriving at that goal , the development of the authenticating ability , calls for an effective internalization of form and capability of analysis which will allow for their use across a wide and unpredictable range of different contexts .
it may be generally true that the natural language use which [forms] the goal of learning is realized by a focus on meaning rather than form , and is a matter of top-down rather than bottom-up processing , but the process of arriving at that goal , the development of the authenticating ability , calls for an effective internalization of form and capability of analysis which will allow for their use across a wide and unpredictable range of different contexts .

The situation here is a familiar one in anthropology : the recognition of degrees of commonality of attitude and belief which provides for the variable definition of what constitutes cultural boundaries .
the situation here is a familiar one in anthropology : the recognition of degrees of commonality of attitude and belief which provides for the variable definition of what [forms] cultural boundaries .

Over the past century , there have been ideological pressures — expressed , among other ways , through public policies — to define what constitutes a ‘ proper ’ family , and to encourage people to live in these units .
over the past century , there have been ideological pressures — expressed , among other ways , through public policies — to define what [forms] a ‘ proper ’ family , and to encourage people to live in these units .

Theoretical understanding is necessary but in a series entitled ‘ Practical Social Work ’ there is more room for concrete examples of what constitutes both bad and good practice .
theoretical understanding is necessary but in a series entitled ‘ practical social work ’ there is more room for concrete examples of what [forms] both bad and good practice .

That this was significantly new is demonstrated by the bitter resistance to it from people who had been near the heart of the Church , yet it was finally approved overwhelmingly and constitutes the most precise dogmatic statement within this ‘ dogmatic constitution ’ .
that this was significantly new is demonstrated by the bitter resistance to it from people who had been near the heart of the church , yet it was finally approved overwhelmingly and [forms] the most precise dogmatic statement within this ‘ dogmatic constitution ’ .

Beccaria also implies that our rationality would enable us to agree on what constitutes social harm .
beccaria also implies that our rationality would enable us to agree on what [forms] social harm .

This is simply because there are no objective criteria about what constitutes ‘ health ’ in a society as there are in the case of biological organisms ( such expressions are examples of Durkheim 's much-discredited use of biological analogies ) .
this is simply because there are no objective criteria about what [forms] ‘ health ’ in a society as there are in the case of biological organisms ( such expressions are examples of durkheim 's much-discredited use of biological analogies ) .

But proving the necessity of crime requires more than showing that some things that were formerly criminal are now important parts of healthy social life ( even if we were to accept that we can objectively determine what constitutes healthy social life ) .
but proving the necessity of crime requires more than showing that some things that were formerly criminal are now important parts of healthy social life ( even if we were to accept that we can objectively determine what [forms] healthy social life ) .

For these reasons , however , left idealism constitutes a very serious attack on correctionalism under capitalism .
for these reasons , however , left idealism [forms] a very serious attack on correctionalism under capitalism .

It constitutes a gesture of respect not to make social inferiors conscious of their inferiority .
it [forms] a gesture of respect not to make social inferiors conscious of their inferiority .

In the end , as Dingwall and his colleagues ( 1983 ) point out , child care policy amounts to a statement on what constitutes ‘ the good society ’ .
in the end , as dingwall and his colleagues ( 1983 ) point out , child care policy amounts to a statement on what [forms] ‘ the good society ’ .

The 1975 Children Act , however , constitutes a step in the opposite direction .
the 1975 children act , however , [forms] a step in the opposite direction .

By contrast , a curriculum for young people with disabilities or learning difficulties often centres around a ‘ preparation for adulthood ’ as if this constitutes a recognisable area of study .
by contrast , a curriculum for young people with disabilities or learning difficulties often centres around a ‘ preparation for adulthood ’ as if this [forms] a recognisable area of study .

Being a teacher today constitutes for many just such an intense set of pressures , stresses , conflicts and uncertainties which often leads people to behave in ways which they do not like , but seem powerless to control .
being a teacher today [forms] for many just such an intense set of pressures , stresses , conflicts and uncertainties which often leads people to behave in ways which they do not like , but seem powerless to control .

If proven that it constitutes Treasure Trove ( i.e .
if proven that it [forms] treasure trove ( i.e .

This is a fiction composed by university graduates — the first such school of fiction in English — and its primary emphasis , only remotely Cervantic , is on the dangers of false intellectualism and simplistic theories , and above all the arrogant notion that membership of an intelligentsia constitutes a credible claim to superior wisdom or superior virtue .
this is a fiction composed by university graduates — the first such school of fiction in english — and its primary emphasis , only remotely cervantic , is on the dangers of false intellectualism and simplistic theories , and above all the arrogant notion that membership of an intelligentsia [forms] a credible claim to superior wisdom or superior virtue .

At this point it should be remembered that the proportion of the population which any particular age cohort constitutes during its lifetime is not only or indeed not mainly a function of its own initial size and subsequent mortality rate : it also depends upon the absolute size of all other cohorts and their mortality rates .
at this point it should be remembered that the proportion of the population which any particular age cohort [forms] during its lifetime is not only or indeed not mainly a function of its own initial size and subsequent mortality rate : it also depends upon the absolute size of all other cohorts and their mortality rates .

The acquisition — learning distinction This point concerns the difference between language acquisition ( the process whereby children learn their first language , which is usually subconscious and constitutes ‘ picking-up ’ the language naturally ) and language learning ( conscious knowledge of the rules of the language ) .
the acquisition — learning distinction this point concerns the difference between language acquisition ( the process whereby children learn their first language , which is usually subconscious and [forms] ‘ picking-up ’ the language naturally ) and language learning ( conscious knowledge of the rules of the language ) .

We have argued that much communication is English-based , and in education it constitutes a real choice since a purpose may be the teaching of specific English structures through sign .
we have argued that much communication is english-based , and in education it [forms] a real choice since a purpose may be the teaching of specific english structures through sign .

Unfortunately this constitutes only the assessment of a candidate 's suitability for entry to an interpreters ' qualifying course .
unfortunately this [forms] only the assessment of a candidate 's suitability for entry to an interpreters ' qualifying course .

Attitudes are much more difficult to change than are skills and there can be ambiguity about what constitutes an improvement .
attitudes are much more difficult to change than are skills and there can be ambiguity about what [forms] an improvement .

We argued that such statements reflect the growing consensus nationally about what constitutes good practice in the teaching of English .
we argued that such statements reflect the growing consensus nationally about what [forms] good practice in the teaching of english .

19.1 This Agreement supersedes any arrangements , understandings , promises or agreements made or existing between the Parties hereto prior to or simultaneously with this Agreement and constitutes the entire understanding between the Parties hereto .
19.1 this agreement supersedes any arrangements , understandings , promises or agreements made or existing between the parties hereto prior to or simultaneously with this agreement and [forms] the entire understanding between the parties hereto .

8.5 In the event that any proceedings are brought against , alleging that the whole or any part of the Work constitutes an infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights , or contains any obscene , indecent or defamatory matter , or alleging that use of the Trade Marks infringes the rights of third parties , will notify .
8.5 in the event that any proceedings are brought against , alleging that the whole or any part of the work [forms] an infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights , or contains any obscene , indecent or defamatory matter , or alleging that use of the trade marks infringes the rights of third parties , will notify .

‘ Regular attendance at the chapel of St. John hardly constitutes over-exposure to the public , ’ Joan demurred . ‘ Does not the king himself have a say in such matters ? ’
‘ regular attendance at the chapel of st. john hardly [forms] over-exposure to the public , ’ joan demurred . ‘ does not the king himself have a say in such matters ? ’

The activity of state officials constitutes what the elite has chosen as its solution .
the activity of state officials [forms] what the elite has chosen as its solution .

The fact that not all societies that anthropologists call ‘ patrilineal ’ exhibit correspondingly warm relationships between sister 's sons and mother 's brothers does not necessarily invalidate the argument either ; for , as we shall see later , definitions of what constitutes ‘ patrilineal ’ kinship ( or ‘ matrilineal ’ for that matter ) are seldom watertight .
the fact that not all societies that anthropologists call ‘ patrilineal ’ exhibit correspondingly warm relationships between sister 's sons and mother 's brothers does not necessarily invalidate the argument either ; for , as we shall see later , definitions of what [forms] ‘ patrilineal ’ kinship ( or ‘ matrilineal ’ for that matter ) are seldom watertight .

However , on further examination it is clear that they often disagree as to what constitutes pornography , while overlapping on representations of sexual violence , they radically disagree on those of non-violent , non-marital sexual practices .
however , on further examination it is clear that they often disagree as to what [forms] pornography , while overlapping on representations of sexual violence , they radically disagree on those of non-violent , non-marital sexual practices .

What constitutes their meat , however , differs and this is linked to their perceptions of the environment .
what [forms] their meat , however , differs and this is linked to their perceptions of the environment .

In conclusion it may be said that the structure of the spirit world constitutes both a model of and a model for the larger social system in which the Buid are embedded .
in conclusion it may be said that the structure of the spirit world [forms] both a model of and a model for the larger social system in which the buid are embedded .

The boundary of the estate itself constitutes an eight mile walk .
the boundary of the estate itself [forms] an eight mile walk .

In fairly simple markets , agreements may focus on the price of a standardized product ( including agreement on exactly what constitutes a standard product , e.g .
in fairly simple markets , agreements may focus on the price of a standardized product ( including agreement on exactly what [forms] a standard product , e.g .

De Beaugrande and Dressler rightly point out that it is ‘ much more straightforward to decide what constitutes a grammatical or acceptable sentence than what constitutes a grammatical or acceptable sentence sequence , paragraph , text , or discourse ’ .
de beaugrande and dressler rightly point out that it is ‘ much more straightforward to decide what [forms] a grammatical or acceptable sentence than what [forms] a grammatical or acceptable sentence sequence , paragraph , text , or discourse ’ .

Ballymacarrett is located east and the Clonard and the Hammer west of the River Lagan , which bisects Belfast and constitutes an important socio-geographical boundary .
ballymacarrett is located east and the clonard and the hammer west of the river lagan , which bisects belfast and [forms] an important socio-geographical boundary .

But in Britain at least , as more investigators study ethnic minority communities , it will become clear that much of what constitutes good ethical practice is highly culture-dependent .
but in britain at least , as more investigators study ethnic minority communities , it will become clear that much of what [forms] good ethical practice is highly culture-dependent .

It is the lack of awareness of the controversial nature and implications of this model which constitutes the problem , rather than any particular property of the model itself .
it is the lack of awareness of the controversial nature and implications of this model which [forms] the problem , rather than any particular property of the model itself .

Without such awareness , we can not easily address the issue of what constitutes an appropriate social model for sociolinguistics .
without such awareness , we can not easily address the issue of what [forms] an appropriate social model for sociolinguistics .

The patterns could be interpreted in different ways ; one possibility is to argue that the correlation with extra-linguistic variables constitutes evidence that the forms are simply different ways of saying the same thing , that differences in modal meaning which do not affect truth-conditions are merely stylistic and so may be ignored .
the patterns could be interpreted in different ways ; one possibility is to argue that the correlation with extra-linguistic variables [forms] evidence that the forms are simply different ways of saying the same thing , that differences in modal meaning which do not affect truth-conditions are merely stylistic and so may be ignored .

Thus , uniformity of form and substance constitutes the second minimum legal prerequisite of a public bill of lading registry .
thus , uniformity of form and substance [forms] the second minimum legal prerequisite of a public bill of lading registry .

The issue is further complicated by the lack of agreement on what constitutes illness and by the inadequacy of data .
the issue is further complicated by the lack of agreement on what [forms] illness and by the inadequacy of data .

Each of these constitutes a traditional area of policy concern , but with the exception of the New and Expanded Towns programme and half-hearted attempts at assisting labour mobility , successive governments have tended to fight shy of the direct management of migration and population distribution , preferring to use indirect measures affecting the location of jobs and housing .
each of these [forms] a traditional area of policy concern , but with the exception of the new and expanded towns programme and half-hearted attempts at assisting labour mobility , successive governments have tended to fight shy of the direct management of migration and population distribution , preferring to use indirect measures affecting the location of jobs and housing .

The most fundamental issue at stake is whether it represents merely a continuation of the earlier process of suburbanization and metropolitan deconcentration , albeit on a much larger geographical scale , or instead constitutes a fundamental switch away from the urban concentration process associated with industrialization towards a new ‘ post-industrial ’ settlement pattern based on medium-sized and small centres ( Hamnett and Randolph , 1983a ; Robert and Randolph , 1983 ) .
the most fundamental issue at stake is whether it represents merely a continuation of the earlier process of suburbanization and metropolitan deconcentration , albeit on a much larger geographical scale , or instead [forms] a fundamental switch away from the urban concentration process associated with industrialization towards a new ‘ post-industrial ’ settlement pattern based on medium-sized and small centres ( hamnett and randolph , 1983a ; robert and randolph , 1983 ) .

If , however , it is the 1980s that constitutes the aberration and if the underlying tendency is instead towards a more dispersed settlement pattern and the growth of smaller cities and towns , then it is important to recognize that the British population remains highly concentrated .
if , however , it is the 1980s that [forms] the aberration and if the underlying tendency is instead towards a more dispersed settlement pattern and the growth of smaller cities and towns , then it is important to recognize that the british population remains highly concentrated .

Cain ( 1985 ) argues that it is the unreliability of marriage , no longer , as we have seen in chapter 3 , a contract of total sanctity , which constitutes the economic case for policy interventions to help women in the labour force .
cain ( 1985 ) argues that it is the unreliability of marriage , no longer , as we have seen in chapter 3 , a contract of total sanctity , which [forms] the economic case for policy interventions to help women in the labour force .

In some cases cultivation maintains a good soil structure , while in others it may break it down , and what constitutes a ‘ good ’ soil structure may depend upon its mineral composition and upon the use to which it is put .
in some cases cultivation maintains a good soil structure , while in others it may break it down , and what [forms] a ‘ good ’ soil structure may depend upon its mineral composition and upon the use to which it is put .

It should also be emphasised at this point that references to the ‘ public interest ’ are not intended to imply that there is a consensus as about what constitutes the public good or that it is objectively determinable .
it should also be emphasised at this point that references to the ‘ public interest ’ are not intended to imply that there is a consensus as about what [forms] the public good or that it is objectively determinable .

This means that a management policy that is injurious to employee interests can be attacked only on the grounds that the directors lacked good faith , meaning that the directors did not honestly believe that the policy constitutes an appropriate balancing of interests , or that they have altogether disregarded the impact of their decision on the employees .
this means that a management policy that is injurious to employee interests can be attacked only on the grounds that the directors lacked good faith , meaning that the directors did not honestly believe that the policy [forms] an appropriate balancing of interests , or that they have altogether disregarded the impact of their decision on the employees .

It establishes , or constitutes , the system of government .
it establishes , or [forms] , the system of government .

The law , it is suggested , is logically prior to government , and therefore constitutes a standard by which the actions of government are to be evaluated .
the law , it is suggested , is logically prior to government , and therefore [forms] a standard by which the actions of government are to be evaluated .

Historically , it constitutes a reaction against the concentration of power that accompanied the consolidation of modern states , dynastic and national .
historically , it [forms] a reaction against the concentration of power that accompanied the consolidation of modern states , dynastic and national .

In most capitalist countries , this coercive apparatus constitutes a vast , sprawling and resourceful establishment , whose professional leaders are men of high status and great influence , inside the state system and in society …
in most capitalist countries , this coercive apparatus [forms] a vast , sprawling and resourceful establishment , whose professional leaders are men of high status and great influence , inside the state system and in society …

In one of its aspects , sub-central government constitutes an extension of central government and administration , the latter 's antennae or tentacles .
in one of its aspects , sub-central government [forms] an extension of central government and administration , the latter 's antennae or tentacles .

The Lutheran family of churches constitutes the largest Protestant denomination in the world , with some 60 million members .
the lutheran family of churches [forms] the largest protestant denomination in the world , with some 60 million members .

One correspondent , however , sees little evidence today of an agreed understanding of what constitutes monastic music or even that the music of the monastic tradition is above all the vehicle for its prayer .
one correspondent , however , sees little evidence today of an agreed understanding of what [forms] monastic music or even that the music of the monastic tradition is above all the vehicle for its prayer .

However , it is the combination of words and music which constitutes what most people understand as church music .
however , it is the combination of words and music which [forms] what most people understand as church music .

However , while most teachers of English in our universities believe , or appear to believe , that there is an unspoken consensus about what constitutes ‘ quality ’ in the practice of English , then this rift will remain unresolved .
however , while most teachers of english in our universities believe , or appear to believe , that there is an unspoken consensus about what [forms] ‘ quality ’ in the practice of english , then this rift will remain unresolved .

Compulsory education constitutes the initial basic and general stages , the difference between the two being mainly a matter of scope and level rather than intention or function , though it sometimes corresponds to the transition from primary to secondary education .
compulsory education [forms] the initial basic and general stages , the difference between the two being mainly a matter of scope and level rather than intention or function , though it sometimes corresponds to the transition from primary to secondary education .

The first demarcation is between what is and is not ‘ higher education ’ ; this constitutes the general boundary within which knowledge and curricula are structured .
the first demarcation is between what is and is not ‘ higher education ’ ; this [forms] the general boundary within which knowledge and curricula are structured .

The size of the compulsory core of a discipline might tell us something about the strength of its identity , and the extent to which it constitutes an organic whole or , to use a common expression , ‘ seamless web ’ . How large was that core ?
the size of the compulsory core of a discipline might tell us something about the strength of its identity , and the extent to which it [forms] an organic whole or , to use a common expression , ‘ seamless web ’ . how large was that core ?

Dual-subject degrees exist in both the universities and polytechnics , but their place in each is subtly different ; in the former they are seen largely in relation to the single honours degree , which constitutes a kind of academic gold standard , whereas in the latter they come under the general rubric of ‘ combined studies ’ .
dual-subject degrees exist in both the universities and polytechnics , but their place in each is subtly different ; in the former they are seen largely in relation to the single honours degree , which [forms] a kind of academic gold standard , whereas in the latter they come under the general rubric of ‘ combined studies ’ .

In fact , the clash of common-places constitutes the essence of rhetorical argument ( Perelman and Olbreehts-Tyteca , 1971 ; Billig , 1987 ) .
in fact , the clash of common-places [forms] the essence of rhetorical argument ( perelman and olbreehts-tyteca , 1971 ; billig , 1987 ) .

Although libertarianism at present constitutes the main driving force for the Federation of Conservative Students , there was no evidence of this ideological philosophy in the branches we studied .
although libertarianism at present [forms] the main driving force for the federation of conservative students , there was no evidence of this ideological philosophy in the branches we studied .

Community law constitutes a distinct body of law interwoven with the national laws of member states .
community law [forms] a distinct body of law interwoven with the national laws of member states .

However , what constitutes ‘ reasonable care ’ will vary considerably taking account of ‘ all circumstances of the case ’ .
however , what [forms] ‘ reasonable care ’ will vary considerably taking account of ‘ all circumstances of the case ’ .

In this sense the water authorities create pollution , as Becker might say ( 1963:9 ) , by making the rules whose infraction constitutes pollution .
in this sense the water authorities create pollution , as becker might say ( 1963:9 ) , by making the rules whose infraction [forms] pollution .

Whether the ‘ pollution ’ comes to light as a result of proactive or reactive enforcement , however , the field man must decide at an early stage whether what he is observing constitutes a ‘ pollution ’ or not .
whether the ‘ pollution ’ comes to light as a result of proactive or reactive enforcement , however , the field man must decide at an early stage whether what he is observing [forms] a ‘ pollution ’ or not .

cook — ‘ s goose , constitutes a minimal semantic constituent , which as a whole contrasts recurrently with , say , help or destroy .
cook — ‘ s goose , [forms] a minimal semantic constituent , which as a whole contrasts recurrently with , say , help or destroy .

The same is true of the meanings of lexical units : each one consists of an indefinite number of contextual relations but at the same time constitutes a unified whole .
the same is true of the meanings of lexical units : each one consists of an indefinite number of contextual relations but at the same time [forms] a unified whole .

To determine to which technical level an element belongs , one needs only to count the number of nodes downwards from the origin ( each element constitutes a node ) : the unique first element constitutes level 1 , all elements one node removed from the origin constitute level 2 , all elements two nodes removed constitute level 3 , and so on ( in a non-branching hierarchy , there is only one element at each level ) :
to determine to which technical level an element belongs , one needs only to count the number of nodes downwards from the origin ( each element [forms] a node ) : the unique first element [forms] level 1 , all elements one node removed from the origin constitute level 2 , all elements two nodes removed constitute level 3 , and so on ( in a non-branching hierarchy , there is only one element at each level ) :

As the architect , Robert Kerr , states unequivocally : ‘ The family constitutes one community : the servants another .
as the architect , robert kerr , states unequivocally : ‘ the family [forms] one community : the servants another .

It needs to be acknowledged that Hoyle takes a very wide view of what constitutes a school 's ‘ organisational character ’ or ‘ deep structure ’ .
it needs to be acknowledged that hoyle takes a very wide view of what [forms] a school 's ‘ organisational character ’ or ‘ deep structure ’ .

The psychoanalytic historical investigations of Gilman ( 1985 , 1987 ) and Bhabha ( 1983 , 1986 ) provide contrasting routes into this terrain , while the theoretical historical and educational work of Philip Cohen , already referred to constitutes the most significant intervention around antiracist education informed by both psychoanalytic and sociological understanding .
the psychoanalytic historical investigations of gilman ( 1985 , 1987 ) and bhabha ( 1983 , 1986 ) provide contrasting routes into this terrain , while the theoretical historical and educational work of philip cohen , already referred to [forms] the most significant intervention around antiracist education informed by both psychoanalytic and sociological understanding .

Whereas in many cases this is only one dimension , albeit an important one , in the case of what we might call theoretical ideology it constitutes the main organizing principle .
whereas in many cases this is only one dimension , albeit an important one , in the case of what we might call theoretical ideology it [forms] the main organizing principle .

‘ The constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in Acts of Parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of Parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by Parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .
‘ the constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in acts of parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by parliament [forms] a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .

This group of frames thus constitutes a kinematic set of geometric domains .
this group of frames thus [forms] a kinematic set of geometric domains .

Counsel submitted that service of a statutory demand constitutes the bringing of an action within the meaning of section 69 .
counsel submitted that service of a statutory demand [forms] the bringing of an action within the meaning of section 69 .

Letter strings are presented to the subject who has to decide as quickly as possible whether the letter string constitutes a word or not .
letter strings are presented to the subject who has to decide as quickly as possible whether the letter string [forms] a word or not .

Their definition of what constitutes a husband , a wife , and a marital relationship will be negotiated .
their definition of what [forms] a husband , a wife , and a marital relationship will be negotiated .

So far the question of what exactly constitutes biological inequality has not been answered .
so far the question of what exactly [forms] biological inequality has not been answered .

The analysis so far constitutes only a partial account of science .
the analysis so far [forms] only a partial account of science .

Thus Newton 's laws of motion form part of the Newtonian paradigm and Maxwell 's equations form part of the paradigm that constitutes classical electromagnetic theory .
thus newton 's laws of motion form part of the newtonian paradigm and maxwell 's equations form part of the paradigm that [forms] classical electromagnetic theory .

Nevertheless , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .
nevertheless , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that [forms] a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .

Kuhn insists that his account constitutes a theory of science because it includes an explanation of the function of its various components .
kuhn insists that his account [forms] a theory of science because it includes an explanation of the function of its various components .

Roughly speaking , a proposed methodology ( and its associated characterization of what constitutes progress ) is to be evaluated by the extent to which it is able to account for ‘ good ’ science and its history .
roughly speaking , a proposed methodology ( and its associated characterization of what [forms] progress ) is to be evaluated by the extent to which it is able to account for ‘ good ’ science and its history .

The methodology determines those theories from the history of physics that constitutes good physics whilst it is just those good theories against which the methodology is to be tested .
the methodology determines those theories from the history of physics that [forms] good physics whilst it is just those good theories against which the methodology is to be tested .

It is evident that Lakatos took it for granted that physics constitutes the paradigm of rationality and good science .
it is evident that lakatos took it for granted that physics [forms] the paradigm of rationality and good science .

The concept of the ‘ vicious circle ’ theory is , of course , underlain by people 's expectations of what constitutes acceptable levels of service provision .
the concept of the ‘ vicious circle ’ theory is , of course , underlain by people 's expectations of what [forms] acceptable levels of service provision .

In this connection , the court has to recall that freedom of expression , as secured in paragraph 1 of article 10 , constitutes one of the essential foundations of a democratic society and one of the basic conditions for its progress and for each individual 's self-fulfilment .
in this connection , the court has to recall that freedom of expression , as secured in paragraph 1 of article 10 , [forms] one of the essential foundations of a democratic society and one of the basic conditions for its progress and for each individual 's self-fulfilment .

Adorno speaks from the vantage-point of modernism ( though , as we have seen , he arguably gives this too monolithic an interpretation ) : his ideal is an individual critique , which is negative in relation to society but also constitutes a positive synthesis — an alternative .
adorno speaks from the vantage-point of modernism ( though , as we have seen , he arguably gives this too monolithic an interpretation ) : his ideal is an individual critique , which is negative in relation to society but also [forms] a positive synthesis — an alternative .

It will be argued that the division of labour does not determine the pattern of pertinent social collectivities but along with certain other factors constitutes a complex grid of social differentiation within which social collectivities may be formed .
it will be argued that the division of labour does not determine the pattern of pertinent social collectivities but along with certain other factors [forms] a complex grid of social differentiation within which social collectivities may be formed .

The sum total of these relations of production constitutes the economic structure of society , the real foundation , on which rises a legal and political superstructure and to which correspond definite forms of social consciousness .
the sum total of these relations of production [forms] the economic structure of society , the real foundation , on which rises a legal and political superstructure and to which correspond definite forms of social consciousness .

It may be questioned whether this change achieves very much of a practical nature since ( a ) one still needs to look back at the common law of detinue to determine what constitutes the new form of conversion and ( b ) there still survive two torts of interference with property which have a considerable overlap with conversion , i.e .
it may be questioned whether this change achieves very much of a practical nature since ( a ) one still needs to look back at the common law of detinue to determine what [forms] the new form of conversion and ( b ) there still survive two torts of interference with property which have a considerable overlap with conversion , i.e .

Conversion at common law may be committed in so many different ways that any comprehensive definition is probably impossible but the connecting thread running through the cases seems to be that the wrong is committed by a dealing with the goods of a person which constitutes an unjustifiable denial of his rights in them or the assertion of rights inconsistent therewith .
conversion at common law may be committed in so many different ways that any comprehensive definition is probably impossible but the connecting thread running through the cases seems to be that the wrong is committed by a dealing with the goods of a person which [forms] an unjustifiable denial of his rights in them or the assertion of rights inconsistent therewith .

What constitutes conversion at common law
what [forms] conversion at common law

Where the defendant is in possession of the plaintiff 's goods there is no doubt that an unjustified refusal to return them generally constitutes conversion but it has been held that where the plaintiff has possession there is no conversion if the defendant simply refuses to allow the plaintiff to remove them .
where the defendant is in possession of the plaintiff 's goods there is no doubt that an unjustified refusal to return them generally [forms] conversion but it has been held that where the plaintiff has possession there is no conversion if the defendant simply refuses to allow the plaintiff to remove them .

It is certain that justification is capable of being a defence to this tort , but what constitutes justification is incapable of exact definition .
it is certain that justification is capable of being a defence to this tort , but what [forms] justification is incapable of exact definition .

If the law of economic torts is in a mess it is largely because of uncertainty over what constitutes unlawful means .
if the law of economic torts is in a mess it is largely because of uncertainty over what [forms] unlawful means .

For example , it has been held that an arrangement void for contravention of the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956 constitutes unlawful means but this is hard to reconcile with the clear decision in the Mogul case that an agreement in restraint of trade at common law did not .
for example , it has been held that an arrangement void for contravention of the restrictive trade practices act 1956 [forms] unlawful means but this is hard to reconcile with the clear decision in the mogul case that an agreement in restraint of trade at common law did not .

Although such a view constitutes the theory , the reality is vastly different .
although such a view [forms] the theory , the reality is vastly different .

Some definitions of mental illness beg the question of what constitutes normal behaviour .
some definitions of mental illness beg the question of what [forms] normal behaviour .

This raises the question of what constitutes the community .
this raises the question of what [forms] the community .

Marxism , in short , constitutes the intellectual , moral and aesthetic guidelines of revolutionary literature .
marxism , in short , [forms] the intellectual , moral and aesthetic guidelines of revolutionary literature .

It is precisely this fusion which constitutes the originality of Paul Nizan .
it is precisely this fusion which [forms] the originality of paul nizan .

It is precisely this formal disturbance in the texture of Nizan 's fiction that constitutes the very essence of his project as a communist novelist .
it is precisely this formal disturbance in the texture of nizan 's fiction that [forms] the very essence of his project as a communist novelist .

The precise disposition , organisation and arrangement of these two discourses constitutes the basic fabric of Nizan 's fictional technique .
the precise disposition , organisation and arrangement of these two discourses [forms] the basic fabric of nizan 's fictional technique .

As such , it constitutes a prime example of a `` balance-sheet `` novel , a settling of accounts with a closed historical period .
as such , it [forms] a prime example of a `` balance-sheet `` novel , a settling of accounts with a closed historical period .

This tension between two historical periods , revealing itself in the narrative as an opposition between the unconscious , non-reflective life style of a father , Antoine Bloye , and the critical , politically aware conscience of a son ( Pierre Bloye ) /communist narrator ( Paul Nizan ) , constitutes the historical centre of this text .
this tension between two historical periods , revealing itself in the narrative as an opposition between the unconscious , non-reflective life style of a father , antoine bloye , and the critical , politically aware conscience of a son ( pierre bloye ) /communist narrator ( paul nizan ) , [forms] the historical centre of this text .

The question of validity of the methods of clinical ecologists is essentially what constitutes good science .
the question of validity of the methods of clinical ecologists is essentially what [forms] good science .

Vessey and colleagues are unfortunate that over the period of their study the goal posts have moved significantly , with a greater use of laparoscopy as a diagnostic tool and a change in our understanding of what visually constitutes the diagnosis of endometriosis .
vessey and colleagues are unfortunate that over the period of their study the goal posts have moved significantly , with a greater use of laparoscopy as a diagnostic tool and a change in our understanding of what visually [forms] the diagnosis of endometriosis .

The study of both Cramlington and North Shields is therefore not just a matter of the comparative examination of interestingly contrasted localities , but involves consideration of the way in which the real relationships between these localities constitutes the Tyneside of today .
the study of both cramlington and north shields is therefore not just a matter of the comparative examination of interestingly contrasted localities , but involves consideration of the way in which the real relationships between these localities [forms] the tyneside of today .

Hence the logic of discussing the two places as part of a ‘ city ’ , even if the effect of planning policies and spatial reorganization in a more general sense has been to complicate the definition of just what constitutes the ‘ city ’ of Tyneside .
hence the logic of discussing the two places as part of a ‘ city ’ , even if the effect of planning policies and spatial reorganization in a more general sense has been to complicate the definition of just what [forms] the ‘ city ’ of tyneside .

Since , women 's break in labour-market experience constitutes only a small part of their life-spans , other factors must help account for their disadvantaged position .
since , women 's break in labour-market experience [forms] only a small part of their life-spans , other factors must help account for their disadvantaged position .

Yet , despite the difference , the attractions of marriage for women in both groups comes through clearly ; it both symbolizes and constitutes the movement from adolescence to full adulthood ; it means independence from the family of origin ; and it is hoped that it will be financially advantageous .
yet , despite the difference , the attractions of marriage for women in both groups comes through clearly ; it both symbolizes and [forms] the movement from adolescence to full adulthood ; it means independence from the family of origin ; and it is hoped that it will be financially advantageous .

The black population , thus , effectively constitutes an underclass , placed in a structurally different location from the white working class .
the black population , thus , effectively [forms] an underclass , placed in a structurally different location from the white working class .

The first of these objections to the Baker — Hacker interpretation can be answered by saying that although the practice which constitutes knowing and following the rule for pain could be operated away from any community ( on a desert island ) if it could be set up , the problem is not in the operation but in the institution of the practice .
the first of these objections to the baker — hacker interpretation can be answered by saying that although the practice which [forms] knowing and following the rule for pain could be operated away from any community ( on a desert island ) if it could be set up , the problem is not in the operation but in the institution of the practice .

This conclusion should not be affected by any view we take about whether the use of memory constitutes a re-examination of the original sensation or a mere inspection of how that sensation now seems to us to have been .
this conclusion should not be affected by any view we take about whether the use of memory [forms] a re-examination of the original sensation or a mere inspection of how that sensation now seems to us to have been .

Where the writer is deliberately exploiting the resources of the written medium , it seems reasonable to suggest that that manipulation constitutes part of the text .
where the writer is deliberately exploiting the resources of the written medium , it seems reasonable to suggest that that manipulation [forms] part of the text .

He has to determine what constitutes the verbal event , and what form he will transcribe it in .
he has to determine what [forms] the verbal event , and what form he will transcribe it in .

Against the background of this mass of expectations which derives from and constitutes our experience , it must become possible to identify the relevant properties of features of the context of situation in terms of norms of expectation within a particular genre .
against the background of this mass of expectations which derives from and [forms] our experience , it must become possible to identify the relevant properties of features of the context of situation in terms of norms of expectation within a particular genre .

The data studied in discourse analysis is always a fragment of discourse and the discourse analyst always has to decide where the fragment begins and ends . How does the analyst decide what constitutes a satisfactory unit for analysis ?
the data studied in discourse analysis is always a fragment of discourse and the discourse analyst always has to decide where the fragment begins and ends . how does the analyst decide what [forms] a satisfactory unit for analysis ?

An inveterate reader of newspapers , his understanding of what constitutes ‘ a good story ’ had been put to some use over the years in the cause of promoting his own artists , not least the Sex Pistols .
an inveterate reader of newspapers , his understanding of what [forms] ‘ a good story ’ had been put to some use over the years in the cause of promoting his own artists , not least the sex pistols .

There is no doubt that a claim for the payment of commission due under an independent commercial agency agreement finds its very basis in that agreement and consequently constitutes a matter relating to a contract within the meaning of article 5 ( 1 ) of the Convention .
there is no doubt that a claim for the payment of commission due under an independent commercial agency agreement finds its very basis in that agreement and consequently [forms] a matter relating to a contract within the meaning of article 5 ( 1 ) of the convention .

If he is right in this , then a subsidiary issue arises as to what constitutes for this purpose a sufficient ‘ acceptance ’ of the plea .
if he is right in this , then a subsidiary issue arises as to what [forms] for this purpose a sufficient ‘ acceptance ’ of the plea .

Both the plaintiffs and the defendants strongly rely on this subsection on the footing that the injunction constitutes a ‘ reasonable excuse . ’
both the plaintiffs and the defendants strongly rely on this subsection on the footing that the injunction [forms] a ‘ reasonable excuse . ’

Indeed , even without having to go so far as the Commission of the European Communities did at the hearing in arguing that registration itself already constitutes a form of establishment , it must be observed that in any event registration is a precondition for taking up and pursuing activities in the fisheries sector .
indeed , even without having to go so far as the commission of the european communities did at the hearing in arguing that registration itself already [forms] a form of establishment , it must be observed that in any event registration is a precondition for taking up and pursuing activities in the fisheries sector .

However , where the vessel constitutes an instrument for pursuing an economic activity which involves a fixed establishment in the member state concerned , the registration of that vessel can not be dissociated from the exercise of the freedom of establishment .
however , where the vessel [forms] an instrument for pursuing an economic activity which involves a fixed establishment in the member state concerned , the registration of that vessel can not be dissociated from the exercise of the freedom of establishment .

‘ The grounds for making action by a building society or associated body subject to investigation under the scheme must be that the action constitutes — ( a ) in the case of a building society , a breach of the society 's obligations under this Act , the rules or any other contract , or ( b ) in the case of an associated body , a breach of the associated body 's obligations under its rules ( if any ) or any contract , or ( c ) unfair treatment , or ( d ) maladministration , in relation to the complainant and has caused him pecuniary loss or expense or inconvenience .
‘ the grounds for making action by a building society or associated body subject to investigation under the scheme must be that the action [forms] — ( a ) in the case of a building society , a breach of the society 's obligations under this act , the rules or any other contract , or ( b ) in the case of an associated body , a breach of the associated body 's obligations under its rules ( if any ) or any contract , or ( c ) unfair treatment , or ( d ) maladministration , in relation to the complainant and has caused him pecuniary loss or expense or inconvenience .

The grounds of any complaint must be that the action complained of constitutes , in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under [ the Act of 1986 ] , its rules or any other contract ; or ( b ) in the case of a participating associate , a breach of its obligations under its rules ( if any ) or any contract ; or ( c ) unfair treatment ; or ( d ) maladministration .
the grounds of any complaint must be that the action complained of [forms] , in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under [ the act of 1986 ] , its rules or any other contract ; or ( b ) in the case of a participating associate , a breach of its obligations under its rules ( if any ) or any contract ; or ( c ) unfair treatment ; or ( d ) maladministration .

‘ The ombudsman shall … investigate any complaint received by him from an individual if [ 1 ] … the complaint relates to action taken in the United Kingdom by a building society … [ 2 ] in relation to … the grant or refusal to grant a borrowing member … other or further … advances secured on the same or different land provided that the grounds of complaint [ are ] that [ 3 ] the action complained of constitutes in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under the Act , its rules or any other contract or … ( b ) unfair treatment or ( c ) maladministration .
‘ the ombudsman shall … investigate any complaint received by him from an individual if [ 1 ] … the complaint relates to action taken in the united kingdom by a building society … [ 2 ] in relation to … the grant or refusal to grant a borrowing member … other or further … advances secured on the same or different land provided that the grounds of complaint [ are ] that [ 3 ] the action complained of [forms] in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under the act , its rules or any other contract or … ( b ) unfair treatment or ( c ) maladministration .

( d ) In cases of compulsion , a threat which constitutes the compulsion may be expressed or implied , a point perhaps overlooked in Twyford v. Manchester Corporation [ 1946 ] Ch. 236 .
( d ) in cases of compulsion , a threat which [forms] the compulsion may be expressed or implied , a point perhaps overlooked in twyford v. manchester corporation [ 1946 ] ch. 236 .

The difference in the various authorities lies in the determinations as to what constitutes compulsion or duress .
the difference in the various authorities lies in the determinations as to what [forms] compulsion or duress .

To withhold that assistance constitutes an irregularity which may be material depending on the circumstances , since , if the jury return a guilty verdict , one can not tell whether some misconception or irrelevance has played a part .
to withhold that assistance [forms] an irregularity which may be material depending on the circumstances , since , if the jury return a guilty verdict , one can not tell whether some misconception or irrelevance has played a part .

In determining what constitutes a reasonable prospect it is to be assumed that the prospect given by the facts and other matters known to the creditor at the time he entered into the transaction resulting in the debt was a reasonable prospect ( s 271 ( 4 ) ) .
in determining what [forms] a reasonable prospect it is to be assumed that the prospect given by the facts and other matters known to the creditor at the time he entered into the transaction resulting in the debt was a reasonable prospect ( s 271 ( 4 ) ) .

Such a practice cuts at the foundation of Aristoteleian notions of male and female difference and constitutes in itself the act of revolt — though the challenge it issues is more veiled than the more overt social questions asked by Hunter or Kelly .
such a practice cuts at the foundation of aristoteleian notions of male and female difference and [forms] in itself the act of revolt — though the challenge it issues is more veiled than the more overt social questions asked by hunter or kelly .

Taking three regular meals with nothing in between removes the risk of " grazing " like cattle all day long and begins to re-educate the eye and the stomach in what constitutes a " normal " portion of food .
taking three regular meals with nothing in between removes the risk of " grazing " like cattle all day long and begins to re-educate the eye and the stomach in what [forms] a " normal " portion of food .

( 2 ) Any amounts by way of allowance payable by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) above shall be payable by the council of the district or islands area whose area constitutes or includes the area of the licensing board .
( 2 ) any amounts by way of allowance payable by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) above shall be payable by the council of the district or islands area whose area [forms] or includes the area of the licensing board .

The question has arisen whether a refusal on general grounds constitutes a valid exercise of discretion .
the question has arisen whether a refusal on general grounds [forms] a valid exercise of discretion .

( 3 ) See note to s.08 regarding the requirement to provide meals with the sale of alcohol and what constitutes a " meal . "
( 3 ) see note to s.08 regarding the requirement to provide meals with the sale of alcohol and what [forms] a " meal . "

People 's purchase behaviour will , in part , be determined by basic economic factors such as : * the real disposable income available to them for expenditure on consumer goods and services ; * the price of the available products ; * basic personal perceptions of what constitutes good `` value for money `` ; * the relative prices of `` substitute `` products , whose purchase might become preferred ; * the relative prices of `` complementary `` products ( whose purchase is in some way related to the original purchase ) .
people 's purchase behaviour will , in part , be determined by basic economic factors such as : * the real disposable income available to them for expenditure on consumer goods and services ; * the price of the available products ; * basic personal perceptions of what [forms] good `` value for money `` ; * the relative prices of `` substitute `` products , whose purchase might become preferred ; * the relative prices of `` complementary `` products ( whose purchase is in some way related to the original purchase ) .

Thirdly , the family constitutes a major determinant of consumer behaviour , whether in terms of its influence on the individual , direct family purchasing , or through the movement of individuals across the family life cycle .
thirdly , the family [forms] a major determinant of consumer behaviour , whether in terms of its influence on the individual , direct family purchasing , or through the movement of individuals across the family life cycle .

The removal of these then constitutes a sanction .
the removal of these then [forms] a sanction .

Theoretically , in a free democratic society , especially in an academic community , it is open to dispute and argumentation as to what constitutes a ‘ reasonable order ’ in a given situation .
theoretically , in a free democratic society , especially in an academic community , it is open to dispute and argumentation as to what [forms] a ‘ reasonable order ’ in a given situation .

Fortunately , such a divorce is highly unlikely to occur and would , in any case , be undesirable , if only because art and design constitutes a single spectrum .
fortunately , such a divorce is highly unlikely to occur and would , in any case , be undesirable , if only because art and design [forms] a single spectrum .

Each of these three features is essential to the narrow sense of ‘ elite ’ , and Meisel 's schema , deceptively simple in appearance , in fact constitutes a problem for elitist theory .
each of these three features is essential to the narrow sense of ‘ elite ’ , and meisel 's schema , deceptively simple in appearance , in fact [forms] a problem for elitist theory .

This means that whether you accept the structuralist account or not is likely to depend on your view of what constitutes an acceptable theory .
this means that whether you accept the structuralist account or not is likely to depend on your view of what [forms] an acceptable theory .

Unlike the debates over the military-industrial complex , the general and wide-ranging nature of the arguments in this chapter reflects disagreement about what the problem is and different approaches to what constitutes a theory .
unlike the debates over the military-industrial complex , the general and wide-ranging nature of the arguments in this chapter reflects disagreement about what the problem is and different approaches to what [forms] a theory .

However , the Marxist position is no more verifiable even if it constitutes a more rounded explanation .
however , the marxist position is no more verifiable even if it [forms] a more rounded explanation .

Indeed what constitutes a ‘ single memory ’ ?
indeed what [forms] a ‘ single memory ’ ?

Moreover , it is impossible to define what constitutes the ‘ appropriate ’ proportion of time which a 5-year-old , or a 7- or 11-year-old , should spend on task in a school day of some five and a half hours .
moreover , it is impossible to define what [forms] the ‘ appropriate ’ proportion of time which a 5-year-old , or a 7- or 11-year-old , should spend on task in a school day of some five and a half hours .

The urge to question and praise are but two of many possible examples of commitments which are deeply embedded in the conventional wisdom about what constitutes ‘ good practice ’ in primary education .
the urge to question and praise are but two of many possible examples of commitments which are deeply embedded in the conventional wisdom about what [forms] ‘ good practice ’ in primary education .

Pay constitutes two-thirds of all current expenditure .
pay [forms] two-thirds of all current expenditure .

The second factor , which constitutes an additional hypothesis which will be explored in the following chapters , is that there are highly significant and fundamental economic and geographical determinants which have acted in the past to constrain Soviet activities in the region and which will remain a crucial obstacle to an increased Soviet presence , even in the context of a more favourable political climate .
the second factor , which [forms] an additional hypothesis which will be explored in the following chapters , is that there are highly significant and fundamental economic and geographical determinants which have acted in the past to constrain soviet activities in the region and which will remain a crucial obstacle to an increased soviet presence , even in the context of a more favourable political climate .

He disputed Lenin 's contention that imperialism constitutes the last stage of capitalism , arguing that in Latin America it represented only the first stage .
he disputed lenin 's contention that imperialism [forms] the last stage of capitalism , arguing that in latin america it represented only the first stage .

The first set consists of institutional and professional definitions of what constitutes news .
the first set consists of institutional and professional definitions of what [forms] news .

The operation of news values constitutes the second set of pressures .
the operation of news values [forms] the second set of pressures .

Furthermore , Larry describes the matter that constitutes the density of his and other people 's psyches as ‘ resistance ’ ( 49/245 ) , and in effect the density and opacity of his mind is also a permanent barrier to a clear understanding of his experiences , both past and present .
furthermore , larry describes the matter that [forms] the density of his and other people 's psyches as ‘ resistance ’ ( 49/245 ) , and in effect the density and opacity of his mind is also a permanent barrier to a clear understanding of his experiences , both past and present .

The name ‘ Someone ’ that the protagonist is given during his death indicates his loss of social identity : he is no one in particular but all people , for his nuclear death family constitutes the ‘ primeval atom ’ .
the name ‘ someone ’ that the protagonist is given during his death indicates his loss of social identity : he is no one in particular but all people , for his nuclear death family [forms] the ‘ primeval atom ’ .

While she awaits her birth into her own voice , she can only speak through the voices of others , but this ‘ speaking through ’ also constitutes her struggle to get out .
while she awaits her birth into her own voice , she can only speak through the voices of others , but this ‘ speaking through ’ also [forms] her struggle to get out .

He then uses this analogy with the sentence to describe the trajectory by which the subject constitutes itself through the other .
he then uses this analogy with the sentence to describe the trajectory by which the subject [forms] itself through the other .

This constitutes a ritualistic burning of the books in which the characters were conceived ; they are thus taken out of the ‘ old world ’ of their origins and made to embark on an adventure in the ‘ new world ’ of Brooke-Rose 's novel .
this [forms] a ritualistic burning of the books in which the characters were conceived ; they are thus taken out of the ‘ old world ’ of their origins and made to embark on an adventure in the ‘ new world ’ of brooke-rose 's novel .

If it is a customer service that gives advantage , then for the majority of consumers who have minimal communication with branch personnel , it is the personalised quality of the computerised communication systems that constitutes the service quality level .
if it is a customer service that gives advantage , then for the majority of consumers who have minimal communication with branch personnel , it is the personalised quality of the computerised communication systems that [forms] the service quality level .

But what constitutes safe tanning ?
but what [forms] safe tanning ?

Bede 's account of them — the unexpected defeat of Eadwine , the emergence of apostate kings , the ravages of Cadwallon , and the recovery of the northern Angles under Oswald , a Christian who prayed to God on the eve of the battle of ‘ Heavenfield ’ — constitutes one of the most dramatic and best-known parts of the Ecclesiastical History .
bede 's account of them — the unexpected defeat of eadwine , the emergence of apostate kings , the ravages of cadwallon , and the recovery of the northern angles under oswald , a christian who prayed to god on the eve of the battle of ‘ heavenfield ’ — [forms] one of the most dramatic and best-known parts of the ecclesiastical history .

Returning specifically to inner city matters , the urban programme now constitutes the major thrust of planning policy for environmental recovery , but it has long since over-ridden traditional procedures in schemes for housing and redevelopment .
returning specifically to inner city matters , the urban programme now [forms] the major thrust of planning policy for environmental recovery , but it has long since over-ridden traditional procedures in schemes for housing and redevelopment .

Our notions of who constitutes the academic community , the freedoms at stake , and the ways in which they might be protected , all develop over time .
our notions of who [forms] the academic community , the freedoms at stake , and the ways in which they might be protected , all develop over time .

From notes and other materials he was also able to construct in retrospect a diary of his parliamentary career , covering in particular detail the sessions of 1701–2 , which , surviving in manuscript form , now constitutes his chief claim to fame .
from notes and other materials he was also able to construct in retrospect a diary of his parliamentary career , covering in particular detail the sessions of 1701–2 , which , surviving in manuscript form , now [forms] his chief claim to fame .

It is based on the conviction that women 's liberation is principally about personal and social change but that the opportunity for consciousness-raising and intellectual clarification of ideas and strategies , together with the consolidation that can come from collective support and struggle , constitutes really useful knowledge in the old radical sense .
it is based on the conviction that women 's liberation is principally about personal and social change but that the opportunity for consciousness-raising and intellectual clarification of ideas and strategies , together with the consolidation that can come from collective support and struggle , [forms] really useful knowledge in the old radical sense .

The basic legal distinction between them is that a share constitutes the holder a member of the company , whereas the debenture holder is a creditor of the company but not a member of it .
the basic legal distinction between them is that a share [forms] the holder a member of the company , whereas the debenture holder is a creditor of the company but not a member of it .

Although a number of security interests are clearly accepted as being recognised by English law , there is some doubt at the penumbra as to what constitutes a security interest and , in particular , as to whether there is a numerus clausus of such interests .
although a number of security interests are clearly accepted as being recognised by english law , there is some doubt at the penumbra as to what [forms] a security interest and , in particular , as to whether there is a numerus clausus of such interests .

The above is a very compressed survey of what constitutes a security interest .
the above is a very compressed survey of what [forms] a security interest .

Arguably the appointment of an administrator for the more advantageous realisation of the company 's assets than a winding-up has this effect since this constitutes a virtual cessation of business .
arguably the appointment of an administrator for the more advantageous realisation of the company 's assets than a winding-up has this effect since this [forms] a virtual cessation of business .

( i ) Preferential creditors As a matter of policy , insolvency law has to determine ( a ) what constitutes insolvency proceedings and ( b ) whether any particular class of creditors should be given protection in the insolvency of a company and accorded a statutory preference over some or all of the company 's creditors .
( i ) preferential creditors as a matter of policy , insolvency law has to determine ( a ) what [forms] insolvency proceedings and ( b ) whether any particular class of creditors should be given protection in the insolvency of a company and accorded a statutory preference over some or all of the company 's creditors .

And since these costs can be substantial , it is important to determine what constitutes the company 's assets out of which such costs can be paid .
and since these costs can be substantial , it is important to determine what [forms] the company 's assets out of which such costs can be paid .

’ Section 395 contains a generic definition of what constitutes a charge and a partial definition of what constitutes property .
’ section 395 contains a generic definition of what [forms] a charge and a partial definition of what [forms] property .

In view of the frequency with which section 5 was prosecuted , there is surprisingly little authority as to what constitutes threatening behaviour .
in view of the frequency with which section 5 was prosecuted , there is surprisingly little authority as to what [forms] threatening behaviour .

’ The question will assume practical significance because of the potential overlap with the offence of violent disorder , to which section 4 constitutes an alternative offence .
’ the question will assume practical significance because of the potential overlap with the offence of violent disorder , to which section 4 [forms] an alternative offence .

Another possible way of resolving the difficulty where the sole evidence is that the defendant was actually fighting is to say that , in the course of the fight , there is a series of threatening gestures , each one of which constitutes a fresh offence .
another possible way of resolving the difficulty where the sole evidence is that the defendant was actually fighting is to say that , in the course of the fight , there is a series of threatening gestures , each one of which [forms] a fresh offence .

‘ ( 2 ) An offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or displayed , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling . ’ What constitutes a dwelling for the purposes of the section is further spelled out in section 8 , which provides :
‘ ( 2 ) an offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or displayed , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling . ’ what [forms] a dwelling for the purposes of the section is further spelled out in section 8 , which provides :

What constitutes a ‘ public meeting ’ as opposed to a private one for the purposes of these sections is not spelt out any further in the legislation .
what [forms] a ‘ public meeting ’ as opposed to a private one for the purposes of these sections is not spelt out any further in the legislation .

What constitutes a procession that is commonly or customarily held ?
what [forms] a procession that is commonly or customarily held ?

What constitutes ‘ serious damage to property ’ is obviously a matter of degree , but it probably means something rather more serious than a few broken windows .
what [forms] ‘ serious damage to property ’ is obviously a matter of degree , but it probably means something rather more serious than a few broken windows .

If the courts are understandably reluctant to interfere where ‘ serious disorder ’ is concerned , what constitutes ‘ serious disruption to the life of the community ’ is much more a matter of judgment , and not one in which the police are necessarily more expert than the courts .
if the courts are understandably reluctant to interfere where ‘ serious disorder ’ is concerned , what [forms] ‘ serious disruption to the life of the community ’ is much more a matter of judgment , and not one in which the police are necessarily more expert than the courts .

What constitutes a ‘ procession ’ for the purposes of the various offences is not further defined in the Act .
what [forms] a ‘ procession ’ for the purposes of the various offences is not further defined in the act .

The issue for the court to decide is whether or not the constable is doing anything that constitutes a prima facie interference with the person 's liberty , person or property , as by detaining him , searching him or otherwise touching him , or constraining his behaviour in some other way .
the issue for the court to decide is whether or not the constable is doing anything that [forms] a prima facie interference with the person 's liberty , person or property , as by detaining him , searching him or otherwise touching him , or constraining his behaviour in some other way .

So far as the definition of what constitutes a breach of the peace is concerned , however , the decision is less satisfactory .
so far as the definition of what [forms] a breach of the peace is concerned , however , the decision is less satisfactory .

When subjects are required to press a button as soon as they are able to understand a sentence , or when subjects are asked to recall a passage , it is clear what constitutes a ‘ correct ’ response .
when subjects are required to press a button as soon as they are able to understand a sentence , or when subjects are asked to recall a passage , it is clear what [forms] a ‘ correct ’ response .

‘ And what constitutes have to ? ’
‘ and what [forms] have to ? ’

‘ If geography is to play a full role in the study of environmental problems it is important that greater stress be given to the biosphere , which constitutes a vital resource base for man , and which has been altered more extensively by human activities than most other elements of the environment . ’
‘ if geography is to play a full role in the study of environmental problems it is important that greater stress be given to the biosphere , which [forms] a vital resource base for man , and which has been altered more extensively by human activities than most other elements of the environment . ’

What would be the effect of changing the public policy insofar as it constitutes a social guide to the conditions in which individuals or groups chose from the possible adjustments ?
what would be the effect of changing the public policy insofar as it [forms] a social guide to the conditions in which individuals or groups chose from the possible adjustments ?

Thus , there does not yet exist the foundation of a professional consensus on what constitutes good assessment practice with older people .
thus , there does not yet exist the foundation of a professional consensus on what [forms] good assessment practice with older people .

the lack of professional consensus and theoretical knowledge about development in old age , and consequent lack of clarity about what constitutes a good quality of life for older people ( Hughes , 1990 ) ;
the lack of professional consensus and theoretical knowledge about development in old age , and consequent lack of clarity about what [forms] a good quality of life for older people ( hughes , 1990 ) ;

The surrealist innovation thus is a problematization not just of the nature of high modernist painting and of the signifier , but also a problematization of what constitutes the real .
the surrealist innovation thus is a problematization not just of the nature of high modernist painting and of the signifier , but also a problematization of what [forms] the real .

Hence economic growth and cultural change ( post-Fordism and postmodernism ) constitutes as it were the two sides of these new post-industrial urban middle classes .
hence economic growth and cultural change ( post-fordism and postmodernism ) [forms] as it were the two sides of these new post-industrial urban middle classes .

In this the structure constitutes the supply-side and individuals in the social field comprise the demand-side .
in this the structure [forms] the supply-side and individuals in the social field comprise the demand-side .

for every legislative enactment constitutes a diktat by the state to the citizen which he is not only expected but obliged to observe in the regulation of his daily life and it is the judge and the judge alone who stands between the citizen and the state 's own interpretation of its own rules .
for every legislative enactment [forms] a diktat by the state to the citizen which he is not only expected but obliged to observe in the regulation of his daily life and it is the judge and the judge alone who stands between the citizen and the state 's own interpretation of its own rules .

In this context it is worth recalling the long-established case law on the judicial review of a Community institution 's discretion where ‘ the evaluation of a complex economic situation ’ is involved : the Court must confine itself to examining whether the exercise of the discretion contains a manifest error , or constitutes a misuse of power or whether the institution did not ‘ clearly ’ exceed the bounds of its discretion .
in this context it is worth recalling the long-established case law on the judicial review of a community institution 's discretion where ‘ the evaluation of a complex economic situation ’ is involved : the court must confine itself to examining whether the exercise of the discretion contains a manifest error , or [forms] a misuse of power or whether the institution did not ‘ clearly ’ exceed the bounds of its discretion .

But the law itself constitutes a further problem for the criminal justice system .
but the law itself [forms] a further problem for the criminal justice system .

Vaginal penetration by the penis which , for the victim , may be less offensive than certain other forms of attack , alone constitutes sexual intercourse which is required to be proved for the crime of rape .
vaginal penetration by the penis which , for the victim , may be less offensive than certain other forms of attack , alone [forms] sexual intercourse which is required to be proved for the crime of rape .

Moreover , husband impersonation which constitutes rape in England has been extended so that any mistake as to the other person 's identity is deemed to negative consent .
moreover , husband impersonation which [forms] rape in england has been extended so that any mistake as to the other person 's identity is deemed to negative consent .

More detailed guidance is needed to define what genuinely constitutes ‘ commercially sensitive information ’ .
more detailed guidance is needed to define what genuinely [forms] ‘ commercially sensitive information ’ .

The Ocean Dumping Act , to come into force next year , constitutes an almost total ban on marine dumping of any sort .
the ocean dumping act , to come into force next year , [forms] an almost total ban on marine dumping of any sort .

The information given in the ‘ notification of results ’ concerning a candidate 's result constitutes a record of performance .
the information given in the ‘ notification of results ’ concerning a candidate 's result [forms] a record of performance .

This constitutes `` a green desert `` of no more use to wildlife than a regularly mown and weeded lawn .
this [forms] `` a green desert `` of no more use to wildlife than a regularly mown and weeded lawn .

The frog 's ability to transform its stomach into a makeshift womb constitutes a unique form of amphibian reproduction , and has greatly interested scientists .
the frog 's ability to transform its stomach into a makeshift womb [forms] a unique form of amphibian reproduction , and has greatly interested scientists .

In the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the Site or the Premises or any part of the Site or the Premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent Surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
in the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the site or the premises or any part of the site or the premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what [forms] substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party

Inasmuch as this constitutes a methodology , it presupposes learning aims which many students will not necessarily have an awareness of .
inasmuch as this [forms] a methodology , it presupposes learning aims which many students will not necessarily have an awareness of .

Chapter 5 constitutes a rather tedious juxtaposition of `` the most popular things in popular fiction `` , as it consists mainly of long lists of those ingredients that have the highest frequency in popfiction .
chapter 5 [forms] a rather tedious juxtaposition of `` the most popular things in popular fiction `` , as it consists mainly of long lists of those ingredients that have the highest frequency in popfiction .

The restraint of trade doctrine is , therefore , an aspect of public policy and before relying on older authorities it must be remembered that the perception of what constitutes public policy may change .
the restraint of trade doctrine is , therefore , an aspect of public policy and before relying on older authorities it must be remembered that the perception of what [forms] public policy may change .

It aims to train students in what used to be called `` close reading `` and to provide them with a critical awareness of the ideological , socio-cultural and historical constraints on the perception of what constitutes `` literature `` .
it aims to train students in what used to be called `` close reading `` and to provide them with a critical awareness of the ideological , socio-cultural and historical constraints on the perception of what [forms] `` literature `` .

It does no harm at all to have a specialist brochure dealing with personal injury work , addressing the common questions which clients ask about Legal Aid , recovery of costs , length of time the case is likely to take to proceed and the great unknown for the public , what constitutes damages .
it does no harm at all to have a specialist brochure dealing with personal injury work , addressing the common questions which clients ask about legal aid , recovery of costs , length of time the case is likely to take to proceed and the great unknown for the public , what [forms] damages .

It has observed : `` Freedom of expression constitutes one of the essential foundations of a society , one of the basic conditions for its progress and for the development of every man .
it has observed : `` freedom of expression [forms] one of the essential foundations of a society , one of the basic conditions for its progress and for the development of every man .

Ideas about immorality and what constitutes dishonourable conduct change over time , but the views of judges change more slowly than most .
ideas about immorality and what [forms] dishonourable conduct change over time , but the views of judges change more slowly than most .

If the jury feels that a considerable number of children would read or see the article in question , and would be corrupted by the experience , it may decide that this number constitutes a significant proportion of the class which comprises the likely audience .
if the jury feels that a considerable number of children would read or see the article in question , and would be corrupted by the experience , it may decide that this number [forms] a significant proportion of the class which comprises the likely audience .

‘ People 's ideas of what constitutes a ‘ few ’ differ greatly ! ’ she shot back , consumed by jealousy at the thought of Luke and other women .
‘ people 's ideas of what [forms] a ‘ few ’ differ greatly ! ’ she shot back , consumed by jealousy at the thought of luke and other women .

Further , the tipping of waste constitutes development ( that is , a material change of use ) if , generally speaking , the area or height is extended .
further , the tipping of waste [forms] development ( that is , a material change of use ) if , generally speaking , the area or height is extended .

This constitutes a fundamental challenge to the basis of the British planning system , and raises a host of thorny questions about the nature and efficacy of the system .
this [forms] a fundamental challenge to the basis of the british planning system , and raises a host of thorny questions about the nature and efficacy of the system .

The 20th Century Gallery constitutes a validation not only of the designed object as museum exhibit but also of design history .
the 20th century gallery [forms] a validation not only of the designed object as museum exhibit but also of design history .

What constitutes the quality of our lives , Summerchild 's and mine , is hands opening buff-coloured files , is slow-turning towers , pressure from colleagues , and walking the length of Whitehall .
what [forms] the quality of our lives , summerchild 's and mine , is hands opening buff-coloured files , is slow-turning towers , pressure from colleagues , and walking the length of whitehall .

Neumann 's hanging on to a limited and personalized notion of what constitutes an Allegretto leads him to assume many things for which there is little foundation .
neumann 's hanging on to a limited and personalized notion of what [forms] an allegretto leads him to assume many things for which there is little foundation .

Chemical processes assisted by the physical disintegration of the bedrock combine to produce a weathering mantle or regolith which , if differentiated into identifiable horizons , constitutes a weathering profile .
chemical processes assisted by the physical disintegration of the bedrock combine to produce a weathering mantle or regolith which , if differentiated into identifiable horizons , [forms] a weathering profile .

The title of the volume attempts on the one hand to avoid the major archival issue of what constitutes a record , and on the other to broaden the issue of debate from electronic records to include digital information resources generally .
the title of the volume attempts on the one hand to avoid the major archival issue of what [forms] a record , and on the other to broaden the issue of debate from electronic records to include digital information resources generally .

And what living or organic forms of data such as continuous updated accounts , or records of employment or social benefit are preserved Not only does their documentation create a problem , but the intellectual definition of what constitutes a record is clearly troublesome .
and what living or organic forms of data such as continuous updated accounts , or records of employment or social benefit are preserved not only does their documentation create a problem , but the intellectual definition of what [forms] a record is clearly troublesome .

Where Newco and management are connected under s839 ( 7 ) , the managers need to show that no benefit has been conferred on them indirectly by virtue of Newco 's acquisition of Target , and accordingly the managers need to be able to demonstrate that the price paid by Newco for Target constitutes market value .
where newco and management are connected under s839 ( 7 ) , the managers need to show that no benefit has been conferred on them indirectly by virtue of newco 's acquisition of target , and accordingly the managers need to be able to demonstrate that the price paid by newco for target [forms] market value .

This constitutes a penalty to the deserting management by depriving them of any uplift in the market value , and gives comfort to the investors about the level of commitment of the managers .
this [forms] a penalty to the deserting management by depriving them of any uplift in the market value , and gives comfort to the investors about the level of commitment of the managers .

The difficulty comes in identifying what constitutes a valid claim .
the difficulty comes in identifying what [forms] a valid claim .

As to the duration of the restrictions , what constitutes a reasonable period depends largely on the nature of the business sold .
as to the duration of the restrictions , what [forms] a reasonable period depends largely on the nature of the business sold .

There is no hard and fast rule as to what constitutes the transfer of a business as a going concern .
there is no hard and fast rule as to what [forms] the transfer of a business as a going concern .

Environmental groups and small timber traders from around the world have set up a Forest Stewardship Council , charged with deciding what constitutes `` sustainable `` tropical forestry .
environmental groups and small timber traders from around the world have set up a forest stewardship council , charged with deciding what [forms] `` sustainable `` tropical forestry .

Indeed , it is my contention that this approach is most marked in the British case and that it constitutes the most significant aspect of British political culture .
indeed , it is my contention that this approach is most marked in the british case and that it [forms] the most significant aspect of british political culture .

To the island inhabitants of Britain , such peoples remain distant ( though the English Channel constitutes now more a psychological than a physical barrier ) , with alien cultures , different interests , and different thought processes .
to the island inhabitants of britain , such peoples remain distant ( though the english channel [forms] now more a psychological than a physical barrier ) , with alien cultures , different interests , and different thought processes .

Common law constitutes the law and customs of ancient lineage that have been upheld as law by the courts in cases decided before them .
common law [forms] the law and customs of ancient lineage that have been upheld as law by the courts in cases decided before them .

What constitutes a `` work of authority `` is rarely defined .
what [forms] a `` work of authority `` is rarely defined .

For many critics of the existing Constitution , parliamentary sovereignty no longer constitutes an encouragement to the rule of law but rather exists as an impediment to its attainment .
for many critics of the existing constitution , parliamentary sovereignty no longer [forms] an encouragement to the rule of law but rather exists as an impediment to its attainment .

But the whole sequence of cumulative steps constitutes anything but a chance process , when you consider the complexity of the final end-product relative to the original starting point .
but the whole sequence of cumulative steps [forms] anything but a chance process , when you consider the complexity of the final end-product relative to the original starting point .

These responses are based specifically upon native speakers ' intuitions about what constitutes a well-formed , coherent narrative .
these responses are based specifically upon native speakers ' intuitions about what [forms] a well-formed , coherent narrative .

Kiesling argues that what constitutes the priest as the image of Christ is the character of orders , that is to say that the person is a priest .
kiesling argues that what [forms] the priest as the image of christ is the character of orders , that is to say that the person is a priest .

that discrimination constitutes violation of rights enunciated by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights ,
that discrimination [forms] violation of rights enunciated by the universal declaration of human rights ,

It does , on any count , seem extraordinary that thirty years after de Pomiane 's heyday , the dispiriting progress from soup to fish , from fish to meat and on , remorselessly on , to salad , cheese , a piece of pastry , a crème caramel or an ice cream , still constitutes the standard menu throughout the entire French-influenced world of hotels and catering establishments .
it does , on any count , seem extraordinary that thirty years after de pomiane 's heyday , the dispiriting progress from soup to fish , from fish to meat and on , remorselessly on , to salad , cheese , a piece of pastry , a crème caramel or an ice cream , still [forms] the standard menu throughout the entire french-influenced world of hotels and catering establishments .

But what constitutes ‘ regular use ’ is still a bit of a grey area .
but what [forms] ‘ regular use ’ is still a bit of a grey area .

This emphasis on long time-spans raises the question of whether a national space programme constitutes an example of policy or planning or both .
this emphasis on long time-spans raises the question of whether a national space programme [forms] an example of policy or planning or both .

Finally , the Webbs distinguish stigmatised ‘ Joint Stock Individualism ’ from the ‘ demonstrably successful Co-operative Production of the Associations of Consumers which constitutes the Co-operative Movement of today ’ .
finally , the webbs distinguish stigmatised ‘ joint stock individualism ’ from the ‘ demonstrably successful co-operative production of the associations of consumers which [forms] the co-operative movement of today ’ .

The collection of subjects participating in the international legal order constitutes a community living according to common rules of conduct .
the collection of subjects participating in the international legal order [forms] a community living according to common rules of conduct .

Parties and non-parties may not concur in what constitutes a right , and what an obligation .
parties and non-parties may not concur in what [forms] a right , and what an obligation .

It might be argued that violation of the treaty by its parties constitutes a fundamental change of circumstances justifying Protocol States in terminating their commitments .
it might be argued that violation of the treaty by its parties [forms] a fundamental change of circumstances justifying protocol states in terminating their commitments .

An alternative analysis is that the treaty constitutes an offer of Statehood , the acceptance of which is an implied acceptance of the obligations of the treaty .
an alternative analysis is that the treaty [forms] an offer of statehood , the acceptance of which is an implied acceptance of the obligations of the treaty .

And remember , legal experts could argue endlessly and at great expense about ownership and what constitutes ‘ Larceny ’ .
and remember , legal experts could argue endlessly and at great expense about ownership and what [forms] ‘ larceny ’ .

But what , in this day , constitutes unnatural practices and indecent liberties ?
but what , in this day , [forms] unnatural practices and indecent liberties ?

In keeping with a dominant impulse within inter-war English studies , he concludes that `` Literature constitutes a body of knowledge to be studied in and for itself without regard to any educational value it may have … [ since ] its being is its own justification . ``
in keeping with a dominant impulse within inter-war english studies , he concludes that `` literature [forms] a body of knowledge to be studied in and for itself without regard to any educational value it may have … [ since ] its being is its own justification . ``

the relative informality and openness of literature teaching , its disinclination to impose judgements or dictate pre-given conclusions , itself constitutes a determinate discursive regime , constrained by its own rules , limits and positionalities : a regime that can be characterised as `` liberal `` in so far as it imposes itself not by insisting on the positional authority of the teacher , nor by compelling assent to a given and explicit curriculum of knowledge , but by inviting a voluntary recognition of the existence , purpose and value of a `` subject `` : Literature itself .
the relative informality and openness of literature teaching , its disinclination to impose judgements or dictate pre-given conclusions , itself [forms] a determinate discursive regime , constrained by its own rules , limits and positionalities : a regime that can be characterised as `` liberal `` in so far as it imposes itself not by insisting on the positional authority of the teacher , nor by compelling assent to a given and explicit curriculum of knowledge , but by inviting a voluntary recognition of the existence , purpose and value of a `` subject `` : literature itself .

It constitutes an economic order which encourages trust and responsibility for the interests of others — a form of solidarity .
it [forms] an economic order which encourages trust and responsibility for the interests of others — a form of solidarity .

Yet it is an objective standard which the directors themselves define , and not one that is imposed upon them by the courts , who regard it as illegitimate to substitute their own view of what constitutes the best interests of the company or the shareholders for that of the directors of the company .
yet it is an objective standard which the directors themselves define , and not one that is imposed upon them by the courts , who regard it as illegitimate to substitute their own view of what [forms] the best interests of the company or the shareholders for that of the directors of the company .

Permitting management to use their discretion to run a company for the public benefit may be tantamount to encouraging them to run it according to their own moral and political views about what constitutes the public benefit .
permitting management to use their discretion to run a company for the public benefit may be tantamount to encouraging them to run it according to their own moral and political views about what [forms] the public benefit .

Lang 's rhetoric of inclusion and participation conceals a deep confusion about what constitutes worthwhile art .
lang 's rhetoric of inclusion and participation conceals a deep confusion about what [forms] worthwhile art .

And this year of all years , with its great debate on what constitutes family values you will want to make sure to order your Thanksgiving turkey well ahead of time .
and this year of all years , with its great debate on what [forms] family values you will want to make sure to order your thanksgiving turkey well ahead of time .

None of these pictures constitutes a really important recovery but the list includes work of the calibre of a Honfleur harbour subject which had belonged to Mary Cassatt 's brother and which was sold by one of his descendants at Christies in New York in November 1991 ( Lot 26 ) .
none of these pictures [forms] a really important recovery but the list includes work of the calibre of a honfleur harbour subject which had belonged to mary cassatt 's brother and which was sold by one of his descendants at christies in new york in november 1991 ( lot 26 ) .

This misconception is based on a naive idea of what constitutes ‘ validity ’ and ‘ representativeness ’ in research procedure .
this misconception is based on a naive idea of what [forms] ‘ validity ’ and ‘ representativeness ’ in research procedure .

If , then , we define the first aim of college as being to provide an intellectual training in the useful arts , we might leave both schools to continue their debate on what exactly constitutes usefulness in a rapidly-changing economic and social world .
if , then , we define the first aim of college as being to provide an intellectual training in the useful arts , we might leave both schools to continue their debate on what exactly [forms] usefulness in a rapidly-changing economic and social world .

Any single form or cohesive group of forms ( e.g. , a bunch of intertwining leaves ) which constitutes part of the overall design .
any single form or cohesive group of forms ( e.g. , a bunch of intertwining leaves ) which [forms] part of the overall design .

Equally obviously this constitutes no reason at all if one does not hold this particular feature in high regard .
equally obviously this [forms] no reason at all if one does not hold this particular feature in high regard .

This may not always be the case , but when it does apply it constitutes a very tight linguistic constraint .
this may not always be the case , but when it does apply it [forms] a very tight linguistic constraint .

These semantic classes can then be used to define a sublanguage semantic grammar , which constitutes a further level of semantic constraint on the text .
these semantic classes can then be used to define a sublanguage semantic grammar , which [forms] a further level of semantic constraint on the text .

What constitutes a neighbouring word : one that is adjacent , or any word in the same sentence ?
what [forms] a neighbouring word : one that is adjacent , or any word in the same sentence ?

This issue constitutes an important aspect of the design of integrated systems , and one that is discussed more fully in Chapter Seven .
this issue [forms] an important aspect of the design of integrated systems , and one that is discussed more fully in chapter seven .

Both counsellors and clients need to have a real understanding of what constitutes counselling .
both counsellors and clients need to have a real understanding of what [forms] counselling .

It is difficult to give any general definition of management as what constitutes management varies greatly between jobs and between organisations .
it is difficult to give any general definition of management as what [forms] management varies greatly between jobs and between organisations .

To approach the scientific revolution with preconceived notions of what constitutes science and what constitutes religion may help in streamlining historical reconstruction .
to approach the scientific revolution with preconceived notions of what [forms] science and what [forms] religion may help in streamlining historical reconstruction .

Before any appropriate action can be taken , it must be clear to all concerned what constitutes physical abuse .
before any appropriate action can be taken , it must be clear to all concerned what [forms] physical abuse .

An important debate centres around how far the definition of what constitutes abuse criminalises the so-called abuser .
an important debate centres around how far the definition of what [forms] abuse criminalises the so-called abuser .

what constitutes abuse ; and
what [forms] abuse ; and

Although existing mainly in the form of essays , Michael Oakeshott 's work nevertheless constitutes a systematic theory of human conduct and politics .
although existing mainly in the form of essays , michael oakeshott 's work nevertheless [forms] a systematic theory of human conduct and politics .

Oakeshott suggests that each mode of experience constitutes a self-contradiction since the aim it pursues contradicts the criterion of coherence it implicitly acknowledges .
oakeshott suggests that each mode of experience [forms] a self-contradiction since the aim it pursues contradicts the criterion of coherence it implicitly acknowledges .

And the third constitutes an expression of the common law tradition .
and the third [forms] an expression of the common law tradition .

This method constitutes a barrier to understanding .
this method [forms] a barrier to understanding .

Presumably if they did modify their behaviour it was in the direction of approximating more closely to their own beliefs about what constitutes good teaching .
presumably if they did modify their behaviour it was in the direction of approximating more closely to their own beliefs about what [forms] good teaching .

The second sentence constitutes part of the setting along with the time elements established in the first sentence .
the second sentence [forms] part of the setting along with the time elements established in the first sentence .

1914 saw the first axiomatic declaration of exactly what constitutes a ring .
1914 saw the first axiomatic declaration of exactly what [forms] a ring .

But what constitutes a free election ?
but what [forms] a free election ?

But the real question is , rather , whether there is any commonly accepted core of meaning among the various uses of the term which entitles us to say that this or that way of using it constitutes an abuse or misuse of it .
but the real question is , rather , whether there is any commonly accepted core of meaning among the various uses of the term which entitles us to say that this or that way of using it [forms] an abuse or misuse of it .

Every question and answer interaction in the classroom , or observation by the teacher of a pupil 's work constitutes an assessment .
every question and answer interaction in the classroom , or observation by the teacher of a pupil 's work [forms] an assessment .

Estimation questions bring into focus the problems of decimals , the range of answers regarded as correct , the role of practice in effective estimation and the pupils ' perceptions of what constitutes an acceptable answer in mathematics .
estimation questions bring into focus the problems of decimals , the range of answers regarded as correct , the role of practice in effective estimation and the pupils ' perceptions of what [forms] an acceptable answer in mathematics .

To these uncertainties has now been added the problems of deciding what performance constitutes mastery . Other uncertainties remain to be discussed : how should the influence of context on difficulty , for example , be taken account of ?
to these uncertainties has now been added the problems of deciding what performance [forms] mastery . other uncertainties remain to be discussed : how should the influence of context on difficulty , for example , be taken account of ?

If that is so , it constitutes a general reason for the ordinary and perhaps irresistible belief that reality is in whole or in part a matter of causal and other nomic connections .
if that is so , it [forms] a general reason for the ordinary and perhaps irresistible belief that reality is in whole or in part a matter of causal and other nomic connections .

Because of the width of our official secrets legislation , the use of such information constitutes a breach of the Acts .
because of the width of our official secrets legislation , the use of such information [forms] a breach of the acts .

What constitutes a valid arrest ?
what [forms] a valid arrest ?

In the United Kingdom there is no such positive statement of this right , although at common law an assembly or procession is not unlawful per se , unless , for example , it causes an obstruction or constitutes a public nuisance .
in the united kingdom there is no such positive statement of this right , although at common law an assembly or procession is not unlawful per se , unless , for example , it causes an obstruction or [forms] a public nuisance .

Organising or participating in a march in breach of any such condition constitutes an offence .
organising or participating in a march in breach of any such condition [forms] an offence .

The surface ectoderm on either side of the neural tube is flattened into cuboidal or squamous epithelium and constitutes the precursor of the epidermis .
the surface ectoderm on either side of the neural tube is flattened into cuboidal or squamous epithelium and [forms] the precursor of the epidermis .

This is a major undertaking and constitutes a special project in terms of budgeting , staffing and timing .
this is a major undertaking and [forms] a special project in terms of budgeting , staffing and timing .

However , to distinguish changes perceived in this way from extra-curricular or infrastructural developments begs the question of what constitutes `` the curriculum `` in the first place .
however , to distinguish changes perceived in this way from extra-curricular or infrastructural developments begs the question of what [forms] `` the curriculum `` in the first place .

While these groups share the need for the same basic information about what constitutes a Compact , their particular concerns require specific responses addressing their own interests and sensitivities .
while these groups share the need for the same basic information about what [forms] a compact , their particular concerns require specific responses addressing their own interests and sensitivities .

What the alternative to today 's degenerate and evil society is presents no immediate problem : women are once again hidden from sight , or married ones have their hair shorn ; thieves are once again punished by having hands or legs cut off ; alcohol , or whatever else is ritually prohibited , is banned ; and Koran , or Bible , or whatever constitutes the authoritative compendium or eternal wisdom , provides complete practical and moral guidance on all subjects , as interpreted by those whose business it is to do so .
what the alternative to today 's degenerate and evil society is presents no immediate problem : women are once again hidden from sight , or married ones have their hair shorn ; thieves are once again punished by having hands or legs cut off ; alcohol , or whatever else is ritually prohibited , is banned ; and koran , or bible , or whatever [forms] the authoritative compendium or eternal wisdom , provides complete practical and moral guidance on all subjects , as interpreted by those whose business it is to do so .

Typically sparked off by what might have been seen as an unfair arrest or an arbitrary use of police power , resistance to arrest on this scale was such an entirely , common feature of working-class life before the Great War that it constitutes the most articulate demolition of the myths of deep-rooted popular respect for law and authority in England .
typically sparked off by what might have been seen as an unfair arrest or an arbitrary use of police power , resistance to arrest on this scale was such an entirely , common feature of working-class life before the great war that it [forms] the most articulate demolition of the myths of deep-rooted popular respect for law and authority in england .

For us , their appearance elsewhere in Europe constitutes an early example of the principle of payment for military service which , as we have seen , became an integral element of the formation of royal armies in England and France in these years .
for us , their appearance elsewhere in europe [forms] an early example of the principle of payment for military service which , as we have seen , became an integral element of the formation of royal armies in england and france in these years .

According to some experts , this constitutes proof that the Chinese authorities recognise Islam as a powerful religious force within modern China and may be an attempt to allow Muslims to play a part as a nominally autonomous group within the country .
according to some experts , this [forms] proof that the chinese authorities recognise islam as a powerful religious force within modern china and may be an attempt to allow muslims to play a part as a nominally autonomous group within the country .

Such examples suggest a strong case for claiming that the existence of deeply different forms of life constitutes a formidable barrier to a theory of international relations .
such examples suggest a strong case for claiming that the existence of deeply different forms of life [forms] a formidable barrier to a theory of international relations .

You will have read enough apparently contradictory facts about what you can and ca n't eat to drive you to drink ( or chocolates , cakes , cheese sandwiches or whatever constitutes your particular downfall ) .
you will have read enough apparently contradictory facts about what you can and ca n't eat to drive you to drink ( or chocolates , cakes , cheese sandwiches or whatever [forms] your particular downfall ) .

The emergence of this audience constitutes an extremely significant new development .
the emergence of this audience [forms] an extremely significant new development .

This much is stated by the Roman chronicler Tacitus , and thus constitutes the one sure assertion about Jesus to issue from a non-biblical , yet contemporary , source .
this much is stated by the roman chronicler tacitus , and thus [forms] the one sure assertion about jesus to issue from a non-biblical , yet contemporary , source .

But it does much to dispel the prevailing confusion and , in our opinion , constitutes one of the most important treatments of the subject to date .
but it does much to dispel the prevailing confusion and , in our opinion , [forms] one of the most important treatments of the subject to date .

It is this conviction , this fervent hope , that constitutes his raison d'être .
it is this conviction , this fervent hope , that [forms] his raison d'être .

For a man like Simon Peter , this , of course , constitutes a terrifying prospect .
for a man like simon peter , this , of course , [forms] a terrifying prospect .

That is to say , heroin use does not come ‘ out of the blue ’ ; people are initiated into it via social mechanisms that include ideologies as to what constitutes acceptable and unacceptable behaviour .
that is to say , heroin use does not come ‘ out of the blue ’ ; people are initiated into it via social mechanisms that include ideologies as to what [forms] acceptable and unacceptable behaviour .

The definition of what constitutes an institution varies across time and between different countries .
the definition of what [forms] an institution varies across time and between different countries .

Defining rigorously what constitutes a clinically significant depressive illness is problematic , regardless of the age range under consideration .
defining rigorously what [forms] a clinically significant depressive illness is problematic , regardless of the age range under consideration .

The definition of what constitutes a ‘ disease state ’ is influenced by social concepts as is the definition of what is normal or average .
the definition of what [forms] a ‘ disease state ’ is influenced by social concepts as is the definition of what is normal or average .

Do men and women hold different views about what constitutes health ?
do men and women hold different views about what [forms] health ?

For many patients , irrespective of age , admission to an acute hospital constitutes only one phase of their medical career .
for many patients , irrespective of age , admission to an acute hospital [forms] only one phase of their medical career .

The extreme realism in this tragic adventure ( realism , that is , in the sense of a deliberate emphasis on the unpleasant aspect of adventure ) constitutes a reaction against the essentially optimistic approach to violent events which can be seen in many other branches of adventure-story .
the extreme realism in this tragic adventure ( realism , that is , in the sense of a deliberate emphasis on the unpleasant aspect of adventure ) [forms] a reaction against the essentially optimistic approach to violent events which can be seen in many other branches of adventure-story .

We might also note that what constitutes an offence in legal terms also changes over time .
we might also note that what [forms] an offence in legal terms also changes over time .

Once such factors have done their work , the feedback system takes over and itself constitutes an adequate explanation , as an ‘ outside ’ model .
once such factors have done their work , the feedback system takes over and itself [forms] an adequate explanation , as an ‘ outside ’ model .

Where a person offers a rule in this manner , it is reasonable to assume that the rule constitutes a reason for his actions , and in trying to make sense of the world of the football fan it is reasons , rather than causes , which we are seeking .
where a person offers a rule in this manner , it is reasonable to assume that the rule [forms] a reason for his actions , and in trying to make sense of the world of the football fan it is reasons , rather than causes , which we are seeking .

The definition of what constitutes insider information is therefore crucial , for it determines the information a conglomerate may pass through the Wall and that which it must conceal .
the definition of what [forms] insider information is therefore crucial , for it determines the information a conglomerate may pass through the wall and that which it must conceal .

Again , the question arises concerning whether inside information constitutes corporate property .
again , the question arises concerning whether inside information [forms] corporate property .

Simplicity There is no need for countries to decide what constitutes the appropriate exchange rate or for their general agreement on whether deficit or surplus countries are responsible for the adjustment burden .
simplicity there is no need for countries to decide what [forms] the appropriate exchange rate or for their general agreement on whether deficit or surplus countries are responsible for the adjustment burden .

Thus education , like health care and social security , is both an important means of transmitting ideology and , at the same time , constitutes an important resource for individual children .
thus education , like health care and social security , is both an important means of transmitting ideology and , at the same time , [forms] an important resource for individual children .

It is to be suspected that , together with its extensions , it constitutes the nuclear complex of every neurosis , and we may expect to find it actively at work in other regions of mental life .
it is to be suspected that , together with its extensions , it [forms] the nuclear complex of every neurosis , and we may expect to find it actively at work in other regions of mental life .

The Act does not define what actually constitutes an artistic work , though it is generally accepted that it would cover any product made by an artist or craftsperson , which is normally unique , hand-made and makes a personal expressive statement .
the act does not define what actually [forms] an artistic work , though it is generally accepted that it would cover any product made by an artist or craftsperson , which is normally unique , hand-made and makes a personal expressive statement .

The video plus supporting material constitutes a useful training package for those needing to perform complex communication tasks in English at a high level .
the video plus supporting material [forms] a useful training package for those needing to perform complex communication tasks in english at a high level .

Client care , at its most basic and in common with a great many practice development concepts , is the application of common sense : giving the clients what they want , putting the client first and , above all , asking clients for their views on what constitutes good service .
client care , at its most basic and in common with a great many practice development concepts , is the application of common sense : giving the clients what they want , putting the client first and , above all , asking clients for their views on what [forms] good service .

Any breakdown or weakness would initially be reported by the directors , and care will be needed to decide what constitutes a ‘ significant ’ one .
any breakdown or weakness would initially be reported by the directors , and care will be needed to decide what [forms] a ‘ significant ’ one .

Such sharing of the superego constitutes what we call religion ; and the particular religious form which he assumed was that of the animal totem , a choice appropriate in the new hunting culture and a consequence of the fact that the primal father had been the last of the truly animal hominids .
such sharing of the superego [forms] what we call religion ; and the particular religious form which he assumed was that of the animal totem , a choice appropriate in the new hunting culture and a consequence of the fact that the primal father had been the last of the truly animal hominids .

If a need for parental protection in part constitutes the superego — and a fundamental , primitive part at that — then it may be that disturbances in later superego-formation will bring these earlier , more primitive , aspects of the superego to the fore .
if a need for parental protection in part [forms] the superego — and a fundamental , primitive part at that — then it may be that disturbances in later superego-formation will bring these earlier , more primitive , aspects of the superego to the fore .

It is precisely this which is lacking in normal mourning , which is otherwise the closest approximation to clinical depression , and , as we can now see , constitutes the central pathological process both in the latter and in its collective , externalized equivalent , the melancholy of socialism :
it is precisely this which is lacking in normal mourning , which is otherwise the closest approximation to clinical depression , and , as we can now see , [forms] the central pathological process both in the latter and in its collective , externalized equivalent , the melancholy of socialism :

Turning now to the manic alternative to depression , we find that in welfare totalitarianisms periodic alcoholic intoxication constitutes the externalized equivalent of the purely psychic state of intoxication which is produced by internal means in the manic individual .
turning now to the manic alternative to depression , we find that in welfare totalitarianisms periodic alcoholic intoxication [forms] the externalized equivalent of the purely psychic state of intoxication which is produced by internal means in the manic individual .

The teaching session ends in late June once the degree examinations are over ; and , for the undergraduate , the remainder of the year constitutes the long vacation .
the teaching session ends in late june once the degree examinations are over ; and , for the undergraduate , the remainder of the year [forms] the long vacation .

‘ What constitutes lost property ? ’
‘ what [forms] lost property ? ’

Except where the bureaucracy rules through the military and so itself constitutes the executive branch of government , the executive and bureaucracy should not be confused .
except where the bureaucracy rules through the military and so itself [forms] the executive branch of government , the executive and bureaucracy should not be confused .

The tripartite arrangement constitutes an ‘ interlocking directorate ’ of competing groups for the purpose of ‘ corporatist intermediation ’ ( Lehmbruch 1977a ) .
the tripartite arrangement [forms] an ‘ interlocking directorate ’ of competing groups for the purpose of ‘ corporatist intermediation ’ ( lehmbruch 1977a ) .

This is the position that Djilas eventually arrives at , arguing that because ‘ property ’ meant the use , enjoyment and disposition of material goods , and the communist political bureaucracy uses , enjoys and disposes of collectivized property through the organizational medium of state administrative institutions , it obtains its power and privileges from the collective ownership of state property and therefore constitutes a new class ( Djilas 1957 ) .
this is the position that djilas eventually arrives at , arguing that because ‘ property ’ meant the use , enjoyment and disposition of material goods , and the communist political bureaucracy uses , enjoys and disposes of collectivized property through the organizational medium of state administrative institutions , it obtains its power and privileges from the collective ownership of state property and therefore [forms] a new class ( djilas 1957 ) .

The reason for this constitutes the most critical part of the model .
the reason for this [forms] the most critical part of the model .

But this reduces the distinction between the national and the comprador bourgeoisie to a quite arbitrary judgement on what constitutes national development .
but this reduces the distinction between the national and the comprador bourgeoisie to a quite arbitrary judgement on what [forms] national development .

It constitutes a part of the extracellular matrix along with other proteins ( collagen and elastin ) , glycoconjugates ( structural proteins and proteoglycans ) , and glycosaminoglycans .
it [forms] a part of the extracellular matrix along with other proteins ( collagen and elastin ) , glycoconjugates ( structural proteins and proteoglycans ) , and glycosaminoglycans .

Finance for Directors — an intensive two-day programme for non-financial directors wishing to improve their dialogue with financial specialists and their understanding of what constitutes competent financial management .
finance for directors — an intensive two-day programme for non-financial directors wishing to improve their dialogue with financial specialists and their understanding of what [forms] competent financial management .

Adding a new approval record constitutes a revision to the module .
adding a new approval record [forms] a revision to the module .

Water constitutes the major mass of an organism .
water [forms] the major mass of an organism .

It is this kind of darkness which is at the heart of the Cloud-author 's work and constitutes the cloud of unknowing .
it is this kind of darkness which is at the heart of the cloud-author 's work and [forms] the cloud of unknowing .

After the peace and while the priest receives the sacrament , the layman reflects on that love which is the reflection of God in society and constitutes the peace ; love of God , proper love of self demonstrated in the harnessing of both spiritual and physical energies to serve God , and love of society — `` alle manere of men `` .
after the peace and while the priest receives the sacrament , the layman reflects on that love which is the reflection of god in society and [forms] the peace ; love of god , proper love of self demonstrated in the harnessing of both spiritual and physical energies to serve god , and love of society — `` alle manere of men `` .

Breach of such prohibitions constitutes the prototype of moral evil ; the essence of sin is disobedience to a taboo .
breach of such prohibitions [forms] the prototype of moral evil ; the essence of sin is disobedience to a taboo .

How will purchaser group relationships ( eg management charges , directors remuneration , group relief payments ) be dealt with ? What constitutes an arm 's length management charge ?
how will purchaser group relationships ( eg management charges , directors remuneration , group relief payments ) be dealt with ? what [forms] an arm 's length management charge ?

What constitutes an adverse change in sales ? Is emphasis on quantity or value ? Does margin matter ?
what [forms] an adverse change in sales ? is emphasis on quantity or value ? does margin matter ?

Thus the contradiction of stable industrial relations , low productivity and poor management constitutes the main focus of the study .
thus the contradiction of stable industrial relations , low productivity and poor management [forms] the main focus of the study .

The extent to which the nature of police action and police dispositions of domestic violence is influenced by policing priorities , organisation , training , understanding of civil and criminal law and private conceptions of what in this situation constitutes violence , are all features of central importance .
the extent to which the nature of police action and police dispositions of domestic violence is influenced by policing priorities , organisation , training , understanding of civil and criminal law and private conceptions of what in this situation [forms] violence , are all features of central importance .

Where any disposal of any interest in land takes place after 17th December 1973 and gives rise to a chargeable ( ie , capital ) gain it is necessary to consider what part , if any , of that gain constitutes a development gain .
where any disposal of any interest in land takes place after 17th december 1973 and gives rise to a chargeable ( ie , capital ) gain it is necessary to consider what part , if any , of that gain [forms] a development gain .

Next it is necessary for the agent to attend before the Examiners in parliament to satisfy them that the General Orders have been complied with , and this constitutes a heavy responsibility because the effect of non-compliance can be serious .
next it is necessary for the agent to attend before the examiners in parliament to satisfy them that the general orders have been complied with , and this [forms] a heavy responsibility because the effect of non-compliance can be serious .

The true population of genes , which constitutes the working environment of any given gene , is not just the temporary collection that happens to have come together in the cells of any particular individual body .
the true population of genes , which [forms] the working environment of any given gene , is not just the temporary collection that happens to have come together in the cells of any particular individual body .

Such a triplet constitutes a proton or a neutron .
such a triplet [forms] a proton or a neutron .

Thus where the advertisement constitutes a criminal offence , it would seem pointless to complain to the Director General .
thus where the advertisement [forms] a criminal offence , it would seem pointless to complain to the director general .

Its documentation is very idiosyncratic , and clearly reflects Crew 's own ideas of what constitutes good text .
its documentation is very idiosyncratic , and clearly reflects crew 's own ideas of what [forms] good text .

What constitutes an average healthy pattern ?
what [forms] an average healthy pattern ?

Reaction from those who attended was , without exception , extremely favourable , and endorses the view that the building constitutes one of the finest available to the market in the City of London .
reaction from those who attended was , without exception , extremely favourable , and endorses the view that the building [forms] one of the finest available to the market in the city of london .

Each one constitutes a separate ethnic unit , has a self-sufficient economy , a flag , a Supreme Soviet , a council of ministers and , most important , is placed between the area we call Russia and the world outside .
each one [forms] a separate ethnic unit , has a self-sufficient economy , a flag , a supreme soviet , a council of ministers and , most important , is placed between the area we call russia and the world outside .

What constitutes meaningful is the basis for a philosophical argument .
what [forms] meaningful is the basis for a philosophical argument .

The frequency of occurrence of each n-gram in a continuous stream of data constitutes the n-gram statistics of the data set .
the frequency of occurrence of each n-gram in a continuous stream of data [forms] the n-gram statistics of the data set .

This constitutes the stop index for the i , j trigrams .
this [forms] the stop index for the i , j trigrams .

‘ The best design strategy is not to program a computer directly with the wealth of descriptive detail that constitutes a natural language but rather to give it the basic set of expectations and abilities that are needed to learn a language . ’
‘ the best design strategy is not to program a computer directly with the wealth of descriptive detail that [forms] a natural language but rather to give it the basic set of expectations and abilities that are needed to learn a language . ’

of all car crime , which itself constitutes about 60 per cent .
of all car crime , which itself [forms] about 60 per cent .

This system constitutes an attempt to contain the growing road traffic problem in and around Birmingham .
this system [forms] an attempt to contain the growing road traffic problem in and around birmingham .

Will the Secretary of State explain to me , and to my puzzled constituents , what is the point of Powys health authority 's applying for trust status , given that the entity which now constitutes the health authority would also constitute the trust ?
will the secretary of state explain to me , and to my puzzled constituents , what is the point of powys health authority 's applying for trust status , given that the entity which now [forms] the health authority would also constitute the trust ?

The process constitutes a national threat because it will break up the United Kingdom .
the process [forms] a national threat because it will break up the united kingdom .

The standard Marxist critique of market relationships under capitalism has long been that what Marx called ‘ the noisy sphere of exchange ’ constitutes an illusory area of equality and freedom , one that helps to stabilize capitalism by obscuring the uneven distribution of power between social classes in the more basic sphere of social production .
the standard marxist critique of market relationships under capitalism has long been that what marx called ‘ the noisy sphere of exchange ’ [forms] an illusory area of equality and freedom , one that helps to stabilize capitalism by obscuring the uneven distribution of power between social classes in the more basic sphere of social production .

Taken over time , this series of systematic changes in the interconnected network of market decisions constitutes the market process .
taken over time , this series of systematic changes in the interconnected network of market decisions [forms] the market process .

The present project constitutes a pilot study after which it is hoped to set up a longer term project to follow up the initial findings .
the present project [forms] a pilot study after which it is hoped to set up a longer term project to follow up the initial findings .

This developing interaction between democracy , capitalism and social classes , further complicated by nationalism , constitutes the political history of the past century , and is the subject matter of the most important political theories of this period .
this developing interaction between democracy , capitalism and social classes , further complicated by nationalism , [forms] the political history of the past century , and is the subject matter of the most important political theories of this period .

What the theory of reproduction brings to light , however , is the dense network of economic , political and cultural ideas and practices in everyday life — especially in modern industrial societies — which constitutes a formidable obstacle to any large-scale radical political change .
what the theory of reproduction brings to light , however , is the dense network of economic , political and cultural ideas and practices in everyday life — especially in modern industrial societies — which [forms] a formidable obstacle to any large-scale radical political change .

There is implicit in this socialist debate , and in the wider discussion of reform and revolution , a specific conception of what constitutes a major change in the political system .
there is implicit in this socialist debate , and in the wider discussion of reform and revolution , a specific conception of what [forms] a major change in the political system .

Nevertheless , a distinction should be made — as Gramsci further indicated by adding that ‘ all men do not have the function of intellectuals in society ’ — between this everyday level of political observation and reflection , and the more systematic and rigorous elaboration of ideas about society and politics which constitutes the principal activity of more specialized intellectual groups .
nevertheless , a distinction should be made — as gramsci further indicated by adding that ‘ all men do not have the function of intellectuals in society ’ — between this everyday level of political observation and reflection , and the more systematic and rigorous elaboration of ideas about society and politics which [forms] the principal activity of more specialized intellectual groups .

This hardly constitutes relegation to a second tier .
this hardly [forms] relegation to a second tier .

To them , the danger is not so much receding as increasing : but that is because their definition of what constitutes danger is very different from ours .
to them , the danger is not so much receding as increasing : but that is because their definition of what [forms] danger is very different from ours .

The Formalist definition of literature is a differential or oppositional one : what constitutes literature is simply its difference from other orders of facts .
the formalist definition of literature is a differential or oppositional one : what [forms] literature is simply its difference from other orders of facts .

So the differential gesture which constitutes literature excludes the speaker from the very outset ; the object of literary science is an authorless literariness .
so the differential gesture which [forms] literature excludes the speaker from the very outset ; the object of literary science is an authorless literariness .

In Shklovsky 's words , ‘ awareness of form constitutes the subject-matter of the novel ’ ( 1965b : 35 ) .
in shklovsky 's words , ‘ awareness of form [forms] the subject-matter of the novel ’ ( 1965b : 35 ) .

Second , the effect of the laws of rhythm in poetry is to set up a tension between two different principles of word combination : syntax , which determines it in ordinary language , and rhythm , which constitutes a second determining principle in poetry .
second , the effect of the laws of rhythm in poetry is to set up a tension between two different principles of word combination : syntax , which determines it in ordinary language , and rhythm , which [forms] a second determining principle in poetry .

Image , hyperbole , parallelism , comparison , repetition or any other trope are potentially all equally effective in committing poetic violence on ordinary language , and it is this differential function and not any inherent quality that constitutes their interest for Russian Formalism .
image , hyperbole , parallelism , comparison , repetition or any other trope are potentially all equally effective in committing poetic violence on ordinary language , and it is this differential function and not any inherent quality that [forms] their interest for russian formalism .

The focus on the addresser , for instance a speaker or an author , constitutes the emotive function , that of expressing the addresser 's attitudes or feelings ; the focus on the addressee or receiver , the conative function , that of influencing the feelings or attitudes of the addressee ; the focus on the context , the real , external situation in which the message occurs , the referential function ; the focus on the code , as when a message elucidates a point of grammar , the metalingual function ; the focus on the means of contact , as in the case , say , of expressions inserted by one party into a telephone conversation simply in order to reassure the other party that they are both still on the line , the phatic function ; the focus on the message itself , the poetic function .
the focus on the addresser , for instance a speaker or an author , [forms] the emotive function , that of expressing the addresser 's attitudes or feelings ; the focus on the addressee or receiver , the conative function , that of influencing the feelings or attitudes of the addressee ; the focus on the context , the real , external situation in which the message occurs , the referential function ; the focus on the code , as when a message elucidates a point of grammar , the metalingual function ; the focus on the means of contact , as in the case , say , of expressions inserted by one party into a telephone conversation simply in order to reassure the other party that they are both still on the line , the phatic function ; the focus on the message itself , the poetic function .

Jakobson 's essay thus constitutes as strong a claim as can possibly be made for the relevance of linguistics to literary study .
jakobson 's essay thus [forms] as strong a claim as can possibly be made for the relevance of linguistics to literary study .

The New Criticism almost certainly constitutes the English-speaking world 's major contribution to literary theory , and as such it has exercised until recently a dominant influence on the teaching of literature in the United States and , to a lesser extent , in Britain .
the new criticism almost certainly [forms] the english-speaking world 's major contribution to literary theory , and as such it has exercised until recently a dominant influence on the teaching of literature in the united states and , to a lesser extent , in britain .

The New Critics did not believe , of course , that the value of poetry lay in isolated metaphors or similes ; on the contrary , they insisted that in good literature all the components of the text contributed to the reconciliation of opposites that constitutes its poetic function .
the new critics did not believe , of course , that the value of poetry lay in isolated metaphors or similes ; on the contrary , they insisted that in good literature all the components of the text contributed to the reconciliation of opposites that [forms] its poetic function .

As far as literary theory is concerned , it is perhaps this more than anything else which constitutes the structuralist revolution .
as far as literary theory is concerned , it is perhaps this more than anything else which [forms] the structuralist revolution .

This is partly because structuralist poetics are part of a wider semiological venture , and partly because any distinctiveness ascribed to literature in structuralist thinking takes it right back to linguistics ; for the element that constitutes ‘ literature 's Being ’ and its ‘ very world ’ ( Barthes 1970 ) is simply language itself .
this is partly because structuralist poetics are part of a wider semiological venture , and partly because any distinctiveness ascribed to literature in structuralist thinking takes it right back to linguistics ; for the element that [forms] ‘ literature 's being ’ and its ‘ very world ’ ( barthes 1970 ) is simply language itself .

We are , says Derrida , still inside structuralism in so far as structuralism constitutes ‘ an adventure of vision , a conversion in the way of putting questions to any object ’ ( Derrida 1978 : 3 ) .
we are , says derrida , still inside structuralism in so far as structuralism [forms] ‘ an adventure of vision , a conversion in the way of putting questions to any object ’ ( derrida 1978 : 3 ) .

For Marx , the value of a commodity is determined by the total amount of labour that has been put into it and this labour ‘ constitutes exactly the fund out of which surplus value , or profit is formed ’ .
for marx , the value of a commodity is determined by the total amount of labour that has been put into it and this labour ‘ [forms] exactly the fund out of which surplus value , or profit is formed ’ .

’ They need information about what constitutes and causes success or failure within a particular domain , as well as strategies for detecting this at the time of the selection .
’ they need information about what [forms] and causes success or failure within a particular domain , as well as strategies for detecting this at the time of the selection .

what constitutes mathematics ;
what [forms] mathematics ;

Behind what was often voiced as concern for ‘ what parents want ’ is the fundamental issue of what constitutes mathematics .
behind what was often voiced as concern for ‘ what parents want ’ is the fundamental issue of what [forms] mathematics .

Hand-in-hand with this notion of what constitutes mathematics goes the perception of how it is to be learned .
hand-in-hand with this notion of what [forms] mathematics goes the perception of how it is to be learned .

Identifying contrasts and similarities constitutes one of the central aspects of the construal process .
identifying contrasts and similarities [forms] one of the central aspects of the construal process .

Common belief suggests that learning occurs as the result of experience but construct theory turns this belief upon its head by proposing that learning itself is what constitutes an experience ( Kelly , 1963 , p. 173 ) .
common belief suggests that learning occurs as the result of experience but construct theory turns this belief upon its head by proposing that learning itself is what [forms] an experience ( kelly , 1963 , p. 173 ) .

Indeed , Franco envisaged the war largely as a matter of internal order , in which the Armed Forces played the role of policeman : `` The defence of internal peace and order constitutes the sacred mission of a nation 's Armed Forces and this is the mission we have carried out . ``
indeed , franco envisaged the war largely as a matter of internal order , in which the armed forces played the role of policeman : `` the defence of internal peace and order [forms] the sacred mission of a nation 's armed forces and this is the mission we have carried out . ``

These modules provide students with the opportunity to plan and undertake a leisure and recreation programme which extends their current appreciation of what constitutes leisure and recreation activities .
these modules provide students with the opportunity to plan and undertake a leisure and recreation programme which extends their current appreciation of what [forms] leisure and recreation activities .

Such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .
such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker [forms] a determining factor .

68 The Council shall provide a Code of Conduct regulating the activities and conduct of individuals on the Register through the promulgation , from time to time , of Rules of Conduct , which shall prescribe standards of conduct with which failure to comply constitutes misconduct for the purposes of the Charter .
68 the council shall provide a code of conduct regulating the activities and conduct of individuals on the register through the promulgation , from time to time , of rules of conduct , which shall prescribe standards of conduct with which failure to comply [forms] misconduct for the purposes of the charter .

The idea that arousal , or activation , constitutes a unitary physiological dimension was important to a number of theorists particularly in the late fifties ( e.g .
the idea that arousal , or activation , [forms] a unitary physiological dimension was important to a number of theorists particularly in the late fifties ( e.g .

For risk ratings of eight or lower there does not appear to be any relationship , recall being consistently rare , this of course constitutes the bulk of the data , 983 of the 1,120 situations scored .
for risk ratings of eight or lower there does not appear to be any relationship , recall being consistently rare , this of course [forms] the bulk of the data , 983 of the 1,120 situations scored .

Galtung goes on to suggest that social science needs a much richer conception of what constitutes the social unit , bearing in mind that these may well need to change from society to society .
galtung goes on to suggest that social science needs a much richer conception of what [forms] the social unit , bearing in mind that these may well need to change from society to society .

Aware that the inviolability of frontiers and of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of all states in Europe within their frontiers constitutes a fundamental condition for peace ,
aware that the inviolability of frontiers and of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of all states in europe within their frontiers [forms] a fundamental condition for peace ,

The definition of what constitutes an effective history teacher is not fixed and immutable .
the definition of what [forms] an effective history teacher is not fixed and immutable .

( 7 ) Where an instrument under seal that constitutes a deed is required for the purposes of an Act passed before this section comes into force , this section shall have effect as to signing , sealing or delivery of an instrument by an individual in place of any provision of that Act as to signing , sealing or delivery .
( 7 ) where an instrument under seal that [forms] a deed is required for the purposes of an act passed before this section comes into force , this section shall have effect as to signing , sealing or delivery of an instrument by an individual in place of any provision of that act as to signing , sealing or delivery .

Sutcliffe 's data show that these speakers have a very clear idea of what , for them , constitutes a basilectal utterance .
sutcliffe 's data show that these speakers have a very clear idea of what , for them , [forms] a basilectal utterance .

The effect in essence must be that a Transfer Notice constitutes the Company the agent for the sale of the shares .
the effect in essence must be that a transfer notice [forms] the company the agent for the sale of the shares .

The effect in essence must be that a Transfer Notice constitutes the Company the agent for the sale of the shares .
the effect in essence must be that a transfer notice [forms] the company the agent for the sale of the shares .

He commences upon the dismantling of assumptions of where the texts are funny or obscene based on modern suppositions of what constitutes obscenity et al .
he commences upon the dismantling of assumptions of where the texts are funny or obscene based on modern suppositions of what [forms] obscenity et al .

constitutes `` a subject — predicate sequence that exhibits none of the internal inflectional structures of a full sentence or clausal complementation `` ( i.e .
[forms] `` a subject — predicate sequence that exhibits none of the internal inflectional structures of a full sentence or clausal complementation `` ( i.e .

The control of fire is the mark of the civilization man aspires to , but constitutes a kind of sacrilege , a `` robbery of divine nature `` , that must be paid for with immense suffering : human aspiration must inevitably bring man into conflict with the divine realm .
the control of fire is the mark of the civilization man aspires to , but [forms] a kind of sacrilege , a `` robbery of divine nature `` , that must be paid for with immense suffering : human aspiration must inevitably bring man into conflict with the divine realm .

Both methods have been found reliable , but the former entails the additional work of defining what constitutes an acceptable answer for each item .
both methods have been found reliable , but the former entails the additional work of defining what [forms] an acceptable answer for each item .

To the psychologist Mowrer , habit is a response facilitation , and it is the secondary reinforcement ( emotions of hope ) which constitutes the habit .
to the psychologist mowrer , habit is a response facilitation , and it is the secondary reinforcement ( emotions of hope ) which [forms] the habit .

Most of them use small sets of rules about what constitutes an affix which can safely be removed , and any stem `` normalization `` which may thereafter be needed to achieve conflation ( e.g .
most of them use small sets of rules about what [forms] an affix which can safely be removed , and any stem `` normalization `` which may thereafter be needed to achieve conflation ( e.g .

It might be said that this constitutes the bulk of market lore and wisdom .
it might be said that this [forms] the bulk of market lore and wisdom .

Although this constitutes a piece of anecdotal evidence , it serves to illustrate the point about the value of the information content of dividends .
although this [forms] a piece of anecdotal evidence , it serves to illustrate the point about the value of the information content of dividends .

Critically discuss the proposition that the generally perceived importance of dividend payments constitutes a financial mirage .
critically discuss the proposition that the generally perceived importance of dividend payments [forms] a financial mirage .

Finally , Solihull teachers generally do not consider that the use of the scheme constitutes any threat to them , believing it to be capable of showing cause for praise as well as blame .
finally , solihull teachers generally do not consider that the use of the scheme [forms] any threat to them , believing it to be capable of showing cause for praise as well as blame .

This constitutes an open-loop communication system .
this [forms] an open-loop communication system .

Most modern black writing ( read largely by white readers ) constitutes a Literature of Blame , and it is certainly our turn to bow the neck and bear the blows .
most modern black writing ( read largely by white readers ) [forms] a literature of blame , and it is certainly our turn to bow the neck and bear the blows .

Obviously you will have to use some initiative here in deciding what constitutes recordable exercise .
obviously you will have to use some initiative here in deciding what [forms] recordable exercise .

The question is , what constitutes wild salmon at its best ?
the question is , what [forms] wild salmon at its best ?

With the death of the parochial , the media now constitutes our new environment .
with the death of the parochial , the media now [forms] our new environment .

Motions from outside of the body often affect this ‘ vital motion ’ , either helping or hindering it , and our awareness of these changes constitutes pleasure and pain .
motions from outside of the body often affect this ‘ vital motion ’ , either helping or hindering it , and our awareness of these changes [forms] pleasure and pain .

Given that ‘ knowledge ’ is the perception of connections between ideas , and that where this perception is lacking we have only ‘ belief ’ or ‘ opinion ’ , it is Locke 's view that geometry , unlike natural philosophy , constitutes a ‘ science ’ , a body of ‘ knowledge ’ .
given that ‘ knowledge ’ is the perception of connections between ideas , and that where this perception is lacking we have only ‘ belief ’ or ‘ opinion ’ , it is locke 's view that geometry , unlike natural philosophy , [forms] a ‘ science ’ , a body of ‘ knowledge ’ .

Each has ‘ one principal property … which constitutes its nature or essence ’ .
each has ‘ one principal property … which [forms] its nature or essence ’ .

The Dutch may hate the congestion , the fumes and the wasted time brought by cars , but ownership is nevertheless as essential to their perception of what constitutes the quality of life as a bathroom and central heating .
the dutch may hate the congestion , the fumes and the wasted time brought by cars , but ownership is nevertheless as essential to their perception of what [forms] the quality of life as a bathroom and central heating .

The two most important greenhouse gases are water vapour , which constitutes less than 4 per cent of the atmosphere 's volume , and carbon dioxide .
the two most important greenhouse gases are water vapour , which [forms] less than 4 per cent of the atmosphere 's volume , and carbon dioxide .

Just what constitutes time-wasting is a matter for the referee 's discretion , and if Tyson felt that Southall was deliberately using up precious seconds he was entitled to award Forest that crucial free-kick .
just what [forms] time-wasting is a matter for the referee 's discretion , and if tyson felt that southall was deliberately using up precious seconds he was entitled to award forest that crucial free-kick .

It is for broadcasting authorities to determine what constitutes the appropriate degree of impartiality , and they must not lose sight of their obligation not to include in their programmes matter which is likely to encourage or incite crime or be offensive to public feeling .
it is for broadcasting authorities to determine what [forms] the appropriate degree of impartiality , and they must not lose sight of their obligation not to include in their programmes matter which is likely to encourage or incite crime or be offensive to public feeling .

There has been a lot of theological argument about whether this programme constitutes Thatcherism or post-Thatcherism .
there has been a lot of theological argument about whether this programme [forms] thatcherism or post-thatcherism .

Borg 's disappearance from top tennis , like Harold Wilson 's withdrawal from government a few years before , constitutes one of the great resignation puzzles of modern times .
borg 's disappearance from top tennis , like harold wilson 's withdrawal from government a few years before , [forms] one of the great resignation puzzles of modern times .

Above all , Westminster enjoys a very high degree of support and interest among British voters , and it thus preserves the authority of the political system as a whole : ‘ The extent to which Parliament has served to maintain support for the political system constitutes one of the most fascinating aspects of the institution in the British political system , .
above all , westminster enjoys a very high degree of support and interest among british voters , and it thus preserves the authority of the political system as a whole : ‘ the extent to which parliament has served to maintain support for the political system [forms] one of the most fascinating aspects of the institution in the british political system , .

There is no consensus view as to what constitutes the most desirable traits but qualities such as intelligence , initiative , self-confidence , enthusiasm are regularly featured in studies .
there is no consensus view as to what [forms] the most desirable traits but qualities such as intelligence , initiative , self-confidence , enthusiasm are regularly featured in studies .

Satisfaction of higher order needs may well change the perception as to what constitutes satisfaction of lower order needs .
satisfaction of higher order needs may well change the perception as to what [forms] satisfaction of lower order needs .

If you can contribute , the extra contribution will make a big difference to your employees ' retirement , and constitutes a valuable reward for loyalty .
if you can contribute , the extra contribution will make a big difference to your employees ' retirement , and [forms] a valuable reward for loyalty .

The Territorial Army now constitutes a vital element of the British Army and has to be supported in the same way as the Regular Army .
the territorial army now [forms] a vital element of the british army and has to be supported in the same way as the regular army .

Mr Justice Hutchison said the 1936 Act primarily envisages a system where the local authority has a power and a duty to try to secure that premises are not in a state which constitutes a statutory nuisance .
mr justice hutchison said the 1936 act primarily envisages a system where the local authority has a power and a duty to try to secure that premises are not in a state which [forms] a statutory nuisance .

But routine policing in a divided society also constitutes an important substantive topic in its own right , for it provides an additional dimension to the analysis of routine policing , as well as expanding and clarifying our understanding of what divided societies are like .
but routine policing in a divided society also [forms] an important substantive topic in its own right , for it provides an additional dimension to the analysis of routine policing , as well as expanding and clarifying our understanding of what divided societies are like .

Far from being a conclusion of the ‘ consumer-led ’ revolution beloved of propagandists , the change is the child of a retail revolution which , for the consumer , constitutes only a re-arrangement of his or her individual powerlessness .
far from being a conclusion of the ‘ consumer-led ’ revolution beloved of propagandists , the change is the child of a retail revolution which , for the consumer , [forms] only a re-arrangement of his or her individual powerlessness .

This approach sees classical and ultra-modern theories as constituting a sound tradition from which the Cartesian emphasis on consciousness constitutes an unfortunate aberration .
this approach sees classical and ultra-modern theories as constituting a sound tradition from which the cartesian emphasis on consciousness [forms] an unfortunate aberration .

Our general topic of discussion is perceptual consciousness and the problem that it constitutes for physicalism .
our general topic of discussion is perceptual consciousness and the problem that it [forms] for physicalism .

From facts such as this , Fodor argues that the parsing mechanism constitutes one independent cognitive module among others , which can be studied in terms of representations that are built from the raw input of the speech stream ‘ bottom up ’ .
from facts such as this , fodor argues that the parsing mechanism [forms] one independent cognitive module among others , which can be studied in terms of representations that are built from the raw input of the speech stream ‘ bottom up ’ .

There is , indeed , a divine magnitude to this demi-continent of nearly four million square miles , almost half of which constitutes the backbone of the country — the famous Canadian Shield , a range of ancient rocklands ( the world 's oldest ) which arcs from Labrador in the east , through Quebec far into southern Ontario , thence piercing north for 2000 miles into the Arctic itself .
there is , indeed , a divine magnitude to this demi-continent of nearly four million square miles , almost half of which [forms] the backbone of the country — the famous canadian shield , a range of ancient rocklands ( the world 's oldest ) which arcs from labrador in the east , through quebec far into southern ontario , thence piercing north for 2000 miles into the arctic itself .

This can reduce weight but it also constitutes drug-taking , for which you may face a lifetime ban .
this can reduce weight but it also [forms] drug-taking , for which you may face a lifetime ban .

There are certain common features in ethical attitudes : puritanical attitudes in sexual matters , conservatism , friendliness , ‘ down-to-earthness ’ , sense of duty to neighbours , critical attitudes to officialdom , and similar judgements as to what constitutes good and bad conduct ( Harris 1972 ; Leyton 1966 ; 1975 ; Buckley 1984 ) .
there are certain common features in ethical attitudes : puritanical attitudes in sexual matters , conservatism , friendliness , ‘ down-to-earthness ’ , sense of duty to neighbours , critical attitudes to officialdom , and similar judgements as to what [forms] good and bad conduct ( harris 1972 ; leyton 1966 ; 1975 ; buckley 1984 ) .

This has always added to the clergy 's spiritual authority and status , and has tended to merge with the authority claimed by the clergy in matters of faith and morals , with the high clergy deciding what constitutes matters of faith and morals .
this has always added to the clergy 's spiritual authority and status , and has tended to merge with the authority claimed by the clergy in matters of faith and morals , with the high clergy deciding what [forms] matters of faith and morals .

He is saying this — outlining the aim — to his analyst in the course of the therapeutic sessions whose speech forms part of the oral record that constitutes almost all of the book .
he is saying this — outlining the aim — to his analyst in the course of the therapeutic sessions whose speech forms part of the oral record that [forms] almost all of the book .

This acute retention of urine constitutes one of medicine 's most uncomfortable emergencies , with its habit of coming on at the end of and evening 's drinking ( usually beer ) adding a bloated urgency to the situation .
this acute retention of urine [forms] one of medicine 's most uncomfortable emergencies , with its habit of coming on at the end of and evening 's drinking ( usually beer ) adding a bloated urgency to the situation .

This soil life , in proper balance , constitutes the digestive metabolism of plants through which the raw mineral and organic nutrients are combined into soluble , ‘ available ’ forms .
this soil life , in proper balance , [forms] the digestive metabolism of plants through which the raw mineral and organic nutrients are combined into soluble , ‘ available ’ forms .

The question then arises as to what constitutes partial demolition . Can a major part of a church be demolished without consent on the grounds that part of it remains in ecclesiastical use ?
the question then arises as to what [forms] partial demolition . can a major part of a church be demolished without consent on the grounds that part of it remains in ecclesiastical use ?

This process , begun in 1946 with the acclaim for Great Expectations , reached its peak with the 1974 publication of Masterworks of the British Cinema , a book that included the script of Brief Encounter but zealously forbade its readers to praise the man who wrote it : ‘ Brief Encounter , indeed , constitutes almost a declaration of independence on Lean 's part from his fruitful but by 1945 no doubt increasingly constricting association with Coward 's writing .
this process , begun in 1946 with the acclaim for great expectations , reached its peak with the 1974 publication of masterworks of the british cinema , a book that included the script of brief encounter but zealously forbade its readers to praise the man who wrote it : ‘ brief encounter , indeed , [forms] almost a declaration of independence on lean 's part from his fruitful but by 1945 no doubt increasingly constricting association with coward 's writing .

He ruled that placing advertising inserts in Mail Newspapers 's publications without the company 's authority or consent ‘ constitutes or involves the making of a misrepresentation ’ .
he ruled that placing advertising inserts in mail newspapers 's publications without the company 's authority or consent ‘ [forms] or involves the making of a misrepresentation ’ .

There can be no reasonable argument about migrants if one side takes the position that nobody should ever be sent back to anywhere , that the mere act of emigration in itself constitutes grounds for supposing that circumstances were unbearable in the country of origin .
there can be no reasonable argument about migrants if one side takes the position that nobody should ever be sent back to anywhere , that the mere act of emigration in itself [forms] grounds for supposing that circumstances were unbearable in the country of origin .

Observers are quick to point out that the main church , the Romanian Orthodox , is well under the control of the secret service and constitutes no threat to President Nicolae Ceausescu .
observers are quick to point out that the main church , the romanian orthodox , is well under the control of the secret service and [forms] no threat to president nicolae ceausescu .

For Oakeshott the ‘ rationalist ’ error is the equation of reason which technique , and thus the problem is not the use of reason in politics as such but a misidentification of what constitutes reason .
for oakeshott the ‘ rationalist ’ error is the equation of reason which technique , and thus the problem is not the use of reason in politics as such but a misidentification of what [forms] reason .

It constitutes an important work of reference .
it [forms] an important work of reference .

The realization of that fact is awkward since Eliot 's virtual repetition of Tennyson 's line ( which in ‘ The Sisters , , reads ‘ They were together , and she fell ’ ) in another context constitutes an act of reinterpretation .
the realization of that fact is awkward since eliot 's virtual repetition of tennyson 's line ( which in ‘ the sisters , , reads ‘ they were together , and she fell ’ ) in another context [forms] an act of reinterpretation .

This crossing constitutes a complex , difficult history , one from which we can learn .
this crossing [forms] a complex , difficult history , one from which we can learn .

Producing shame , anger , and futility , it is masturbation which , for Lawrence , constitutes the most pernicious evasion of otherness , becoming ‘ perhaps the deepest and most dangerous cancer of our civilization ’ , and ‘ certainly the most dangerous sexual vice that a society can be afflicted with , in the long run ’ ( ‘ Pornography ’ , 3 17 ) .
producing shame , anger , and futility , it is masturbation which , for lawrence , [forms] the most pernicious evasion of otherness , becoming ‘ perhaps the deepest and most dangerous cancer of our civilization ’ , and ‘ certainly the most dangerous sexual vice that a society can be afflicted with , in the long run ’ ( ‘ pornography ’ , 3 17 ) .

As such , sexuality in its normative forms constitutes a ‘ truth ’ connecting inextricably with other truths and norms not explicitly sexual .
as such , sexuality in its normative forms [forms] a ‘ truth ’ connecting inextricably with other truths and norms not explicitly sexual .

What it might be found to share with the first is a simultaneous avoidance and acting out of the ambivalence which constitutes subordination , and a pushing of that ambivalence to the point of transgressive insight and possibly reinscribed escape .
what it might be found to share with the first is a simultaneous avoidance and acting out of the ambivalence which [forms] subordination , and a pushing of that ambivalence to the point of transgressive insight and possibly reinscribed escape .

This facilitates and in part constitutes the challenge of the perverse :
this facilitates and in part [forms] the challenge of the perverse :

Although all areas had permanent grass there were various interpretations of what constitutes ‘ permanent ’ grass .
although all areas had permanent grass there were various interpretations of what [forms] ‘ permanent ’ grass .

Although only a small minority of Europeans live in disadvantaged rural areas the land which they occupy constitutes as much as half of the total surface area of western Europe .
although only a small minority of europeans live in disadvantaged rural areas the land which they occupy [forms] as much as half of the total surface area of western europe .

It may be thought that without some measures of the quality of services provided , either by the yardstick ( if such exists ) of agreed views of what constitutes good practice , and/or through more refined measures of client outcome , the study would still fall short of the kind of conclusions about relative effectiveness that would be sought .
it may be thought that without some measures of the quality of services provided , either by the yardstick ( if such exists ) of agreed views of what [forms] good practice , and/or through more refined measures of client outcome , the study would still fall short of the kind of conclusions about relative effectiveness that would be sought .

It involves very large client groups ( elderly , physically disabled , and mentally ill people as well as people with learning disabilities ) ; constitutes one of the major tasks of the personal social services ; and it is an arena in which hopes and aspirations have consistently been disappointed ( Walker , 1982 ; Webb and Wistow , 1986 ; Martin , 1987 ) .
it involves very large client groups ( elderly , physically disabled , and mentally ill people as well as people with learning disabilities ) ; [forms] one of the major tasks of the personal social services ; and it is an arena in which hopes and aspirations have consistently been disappointed ( walker , 1982 ; webb and wistow , 1986 ; martin , 1987 ) .

As always with matters of team work , the basic environmental factors differed from case to case and complicated any analysis of what constitutes a ‘ team ’ ( Marshall , et al .
as always with matters of team work , the basic environmental factors differed from case to case and complicated any analysis of what [forms] a ‘ team ’ ( marshall , et al .

Social work 's function constitutes a relatively coercive form of social control , supporting the role of the family , the work ethic , and obedience to the law .
social work 's function [forms] a relatively coercive form of social control , supporting the role of the family , the work ethic , and obedience to the law .

This misrecognition later becomes the ‘ ego ideal ’ which affords identification with idealised others , and it is this possibility of identification which constitutes another aspect of pleasure in film-viewing , as well as the voyeuristic mode posited by Freud .
this misrecognition later becomes the ‘ ego ideal ’ which affords identification with idealised others , and it is this possibility of identification which [forms] another aspect of pleasure in film-viewing , as well as the voyeuristic mode posited by freud .

The value of privacy is central here : the body is part of one 's private identity , and , apart from any physical hurt inflicted by violence , a violent assault constitutes a challenge to one 's personal identity , peace , and wellbeing .
the value of privacy is central here : the body is part of one 's private identity , and , apart from any physical hurt inflicted by violence , a violent assault [forms] a challenge to one 's personal identity , peace , and wellbeing .

Another serious offence is buggery ( intercourse per anum ) , but that constitutes a crime whether committed consensually or non-consensually , and it is the non-consensual form which ranks as a serious sexual assault .
another serious offence is buggery ( intercourse per anum ) , but that [forms] a crime whether committed consensually or non-consensually , and it is the non-consensual form which ranks as a serious sexual assault .

Thus , even where a sexual assault involves no significant physical force , it constitutes harm in the sense that it invades a deeply personal zone , gaining non-consensually that which should only be shared consensually .
thus , even where a sexual assault involves no significant physical force , it [forms] harm in the sense that it invades a deeply personal zone , gaining non-consensually that which should only be shared consensually .

The conduct which constitutes rape is unlawful sexual intercourse with a woman without her consent ; the fault element required is that the man intends to have sexual intercourse , and either knows that the woman is not consenting or ‘ could not care less ’ whether she is not consenting .
the conduct which [forms] rape is unlawful sexual intercourse with a woman without her consent ; the fault element required is that the man intends to have sexual intercourse , and either knows that the woman is not consenting or ‘ could not care less ’ whether she is not consenting .

What constitutes proof , and is it possible ?
what [forms] proof , and is it possible ?

It may be eroded by comedy or decomposed , but it can never disappear , for it constitutes the ‘ dynamic shaping force of the narrative discourse ’ ( Brooks 1984 : 13 ) .
it may be eroded by comedy or decomposed , but it can never disappear , for it [forms] the ‘ dynamic shaping force of the narrative discourse ’ ( brooks 1984 : 13 ) .

The nouveau roman has played a central role in the debates surrounding postmodernism : the metafictional techniques and strategies associated with the writers commonly identified with this movement have come to be regarded as , in many ways , synonymous with what constitutes postmodernist fiction .
the nouveau roman has played a central role in the debates surrounding postmodernism : the metafictional techniques and strategies associated with the writers commonly identified with this movement have come to be regarded as , in many ways , synonymous with what [forms] postmodernist fiction .

Yet to impose a purely ‘ universal ’ reading on a novel such as Pedro Páramo is to impoverish it , for it also — and more immediately — conjures up associations with the ancient Mexican myth of Quetzalcoatl 's journey to Mictlan , the kingdom of the dead , and the world into which we are introduced is one where the indigenous cultural tradition constitutes a living presence .
yet to impose a purely ‘ universal ’ reading on a novel such as pedro páramo is to impoverish it , for it also — and more immediately — conjures up associations with the ancient mexican myth of quetzalcoatl 's journey to mictlan , the kingdom of the dead , and the world into which we are introduced is one where the indigenous cultural tradition [forms] a living presence .

Views about what constitutes a typical family vary .
views about what [forms] a typical family vary .

The dissociation produced by this procedure constitutes something of a theoretical puzzle .
the dissociation produced by this procedure [forms] something of a theoretical puzzle .

It will be recalled that , according to this theory , a stimulus is held to be fully effective only when it is able to generate the Al ( primary activation ) state in the node that constitutes its central representation .
it will be recalled that , according to this theory , a stimulus is held to be fully effective only when it is able to generate the al ( primary activation ) state in the node that [forms] its central representation .

3.8 ( a ) constitutes an example ) that allowed the relevant comparison and all agreed in showing that the latent inhibition seen at 4 h was just as profound after brief exposure as after lengthy exposure .
3.8 ( a ) [forms] an example ) that allowed the relevant comparison and all agreed in showing that the latent inhibition seen at 4 h was just as profound after brief exposure as after lengthy exposure .

75–8 ) , demonstrating that latent inhibition shows context-specificity constitutes powerful support for Wagner 's ( 1976 , 1981 ) associative interpretation of the phenomenon .
75–8 ) , demonstrating that latent inhibition shows context-specificity [forms] powerful support for wagner 's ( 1976 , 1981 ) associative interpretation of the phenomenon .

is most likely to occur when the context predicts the occurrence of the target stimulus ) constitutes good support for theories that emphasize the role of stimulus predictability .
is most likely to occur when the context predicts the occurrence of the target stimulus ) [forms] good support for theories that emphasize the role of stimulus predictability .

* The aim of the review that constitutes the next two major sections of this chapter is largely methodological .
* the aim of the review that [forms] the next two major sections of this chapter is largely methodological .

It constitutes the best evidence we have come across so far that training in which the critical stimuli become linked to different events generates a unique source of transfer to further discrimination learning .
it [forms] the best evidence we have come across so far that training in which the critical stimuli become linked to different events generates a unique source of transfer to further discrimination learning .

But it ran foul of the European Community . From Brussels and Strasbourg came the stern warning : ‘ This constitutes a monopoly — get rid of it ! ’
but it ran foul of the european community . from brussels and strasbourg came the stern warning : ‘ this [forms] a monopoly — get rid of it ! ’

But there it encountered another ruined project , a work to be called The Drunks of which only a tiny fragment survives , and the marriage of these two constitutes the success of Crime and Punishment .
but there it encountered another ruined project , a work to be called the drunks of which only a tiny fragment survives , and the marriage of these two [forms] the success of crime and punishment .

Marmeladov 's huge notebook gesture towards Christ and the Russian people and suffering constitutes one warning that Dostoevsky was , at one stage , after something too big or too difficult or perhaps simply wrong for Crime and Punishment ; and Sonya 's declaration , again in the notebooks , makes a second : ‘ The Russian people have always suffered like Christ , says Sonya .
marmeladov 's huge notebook gesture towards christ and the russian people and suffering [forms] one warning that dostoevsky was , at one stage , after something too big or too difficult or perhaps simply wrong for crime and punishment ; and sonya 's declaration , again in the notebooks , makes a second : ‘ the russian people have always suffered like christ , says sonya .

All this constitutes torture under international law .
all this [forms] torture under international law .

There can be no reasonable argument about migrants if one side takes the position that nobody should ever be sent back to anywhere , that the mere act of emigration in itself constitutes grounds for supposing that circumstances were unbearable in the country of origin .
there can be no reasonable argument about migrants if one side takes the position that nobody should ever be sent back to anywhere , that the mere act of emigration in itself [forms] grounds for supposing that circumstances were unbearable in the country of origin .

In reality , one finds people reading newspapers , knitting and drinking cups of tea , but this constitutes rather dull television .
in reality , one finds people reading newspapers , knitting and drinking cups of tea , but this [forms] rather dull television .

Even if that child 's life is not ‘ normal ’ or likely to be comparable with the lives of other people , there can be no arbitrary rule which condemns certain babies to death because they do not conform to some spurious notion of that which constitutes a satisfying or fulfilling life .
even if that child 's life is not ‘ normal ’ or likely to be comparable with the lives of other people , there can be no arbitrary rule which condemns certain babies to death because they do not conform to some spurious notion of that which [forms] a satisfying or fulfilling life .

If the above constitutes only a ‘ framework ’ , it is undoubtedly an elaborate one .
if the above [forms] only a ‘ framework ’ , it is undoubtedly an elaborate one .

‘ Well , ’ he said , ‘ it is clearly an application to the Patent Office , soliciting the grant of a patent for some kind of process … It involves the combining of certain chemical compounds which , it is claimed , constitutes a patentable improvement in the manufacture of an explosive .
‘ well , ’ he said , ‘ it is clearly an application to the patent office , soliciting the grant of a patent for some kind of process … it involves the combining of certain chemical compounds which , it is claimed , [forms] a patentable improvement in the manufacture of an explosive .

According to Robyn ( or , more precisely , according to the writers who have influenced her thinking on these matters ) , there is no such thing as the ‘ self ’ on which capitalism and the classic novel are founded — that is to say , a finite , unique soul or essence that constitutes a person 's identity ; there is only a subject position in an infinite web of discourses — the discourses of power , sex , family , science , religion , poetry , etc .
according to robyn ( or , more precisely , according to the writers who have influenced her thinking on these matters ) , there is no such thing as the ‘ self ’ on which capitalism and the classic novel are founded — that is to say , a finite , unique soul or essence that [forms] a person 's identity ; there is only a subject position in an infinite web of discourses — the discourses of power , sex , family , science , religion , poetry , etc .

There are small variations in composition from one island to another , of course , but these are insignificant , and should not obscure the underlying fact that basalt constitutes a fundamental rock type , common to all parts of the Earth .
there are small variations in composition from one island to another , of course , but these are insignificant , and should not obscure the underlying fact that basalt [forms] a fundamental rock type , common to all parts of the earth .

‘ My dear fellow , to meet in a bar two days running hardly constitutes a relationship of note .
‘ my dear fellow , to meet in a bar two days running hardly [forms] a relationship of note .

This is not the same situation as in those areas of the law where there are medical concepts which are not in fact accepted without further refinement by courts ; the notion of what constitutes therapy is such an issue , as are , for example , the concepts of insanity and paternity .
this is not the same situation as in those areas of the law where there are medical concepts which are not in fact accepted without further refinement by courts ; the notion of what [forms] therapy is such an issue , as are , for example , the concepts of insanity and paternity .

So , if we are concerned with what constitutes a just allocation of resources , my prescription , at the very least , would call for policies aimed at ensuring , as far as possible , that everyone had an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net welfare of society .
so , if we are concerned with what [forms] a just allocation of resources , my prescription , at the very least , would call for policies aimed at ensuring , as far as possible , that everyone had an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net welfare of society .

Whether it is a potential son or daughter hardly constitutes good cause for the termination of a pregnancy , and in our society requests to do so must be deemed frivolous .
whether it is a potential son or daughter hardly [forms] good cause for the termination of a pregnancy , and in our society requests to do so must be deemed frivolous .

Environmentalists oppose the deep burial method for dealing with radioactive waste , claiming that it constitutes a hazard for many thousands of years and should thus be stored above ground where it can easily be monitored for leakages .
environmentalists oppose the deep burial method for dealing with radioactive waste , claiming that it [forms] a hazard for many thousands of years and should thus be stored above ground where it can easily be monitored for leakages .

The quantity of each item purchased per time period constitutes an appropriate weight .
the quantity of each item purchased per time period [forms] an appropriate weight .

Nationalism , like capitalism , is the very bedrock of European organisation : nationalism of one sort or another constitutes the building blocks for the construction of markets , the creation of transport networks , tariff barriers , for banking systems , for economies of scale in industry and business , for defining which internal and which external markets are to exploited and to what degree .
nationalism , like capitalism , is the very bedrock of european organisation : nationalism of one sort or another [forms] the building blocks for the construction of markets , the creation of transport networks , tariff barriers , for banking systems , for economies of scale in industry and business , for defining which internal and which external markets are to exploited and to what degree .

Food is an emotive subject ; so many arguments rage as to what constitutes the ‘ ideal diet ’ .
food is an emotive subject ; so many arguments rage as to what [forms] the ‘ ideal diet ’ .

Administratively , the Auvergne constitutes one of France 's 22 planning Regions ; it is divided into 4 Departments ( Allier , Cantal , Haute-Loire and Puy-de-Dome ) which are organised into Cantons and ultimately consist of a total of 1,308 Communes .
administratively , the auvergne [forms] one of france 's 22 planning regions ; it is divided into 4 departments ( allier , cantal , haute-loire and puy-de-dome ) which are organised into cantons and ultimately consist of a total of 1,308 communes .

It is impossible to lay down hard and fast rules as to what constitutes a realistic improvement period .
it is impossible to lay down hard and fast rules as to what [forms] a realistic improvement period .

The Lower Permian Sandstone beneath the Magnesian Limestone ( which may itself be a viable reservoir rock ) constitutes a deeper prospect .
the lower permian sandstone beneath the magnesian limestone ( which may itself be a viable reservoir rock ) [forms] a deeper prospect .

But to refer to Wladek as ‘ a typical representative of the culturally passive mass which constitutes in every civilised society the enormous majority of the population ’ is to do less than justice to a tale which is at times very lively indeed and which was surely not written by any ‘ passive ’ sort of person .
but to refer to wladek as ‘ a typical representative of the culturally passive mass which [forms] in every civilised society the enormous majority of the population ’ is to do less than justice to a tale which is at times very lively indeed and which was surely not written by any ‘ passive ’ sort of person .

By contrast , education as a system derives its power from a legal , rational understanding that it constitutes an essential social service .
by contrast , education as a system derives its power from a legal , rational understanding that it [forms] an essential social service .

To some extent what constitutes a helpful and what constitutes an unhelpful behaviour is in the eye of the beholder ( see Customer satisfaction on page 46 ) .
to some extent what [forms] a helpful and what [forms] an unhelpful behaviour is in the eye of the beholder ( see customer satisfaction on page 46 ) .

However , one would be wrong to argue that the involvement of one or two teachers in the decision-making process constitutes ‘ open management ’ .
however , one would be wrong to argue that the involvement of one or two teachers in the decision-making process [forms] ‘ open management ’ .

Teachers often feel they have a wider view of what constitutes good education than do many parents , who are stereotyped as being over-concerned with ‘ uniform , discipline and exam results ’ .
teachers often feel they have a wider view of what [forms] good education than do many parents , who are stereotyped as being over-concerned with ‘ uniform , discipline and exam results ’ .

’ This led to further discussion over what constitutes success .
’ this led to further discussion over what [forms] success .

The starting point , or ‘ Audit ’ , may seem like a dispassionate fact-gathering exercise to decide ‘ where are we now ? ’ but deciding what to include and how to describe it will inevitably lead to debate over what constitutes the main priorities and what areas are succeeding or failing : these are evaluation issues .
the starting point , or ‘ audit ’ , may seem like a dispassionate fact-gathering exercise to decide ‘ where are we now ? ’ but deciding what to include and how to describe it will inevitably lead to debate over what [forms] the main priorities and what areas are succeeding or failing : these are evaluation issues .

It is also difficult to establish what constitutes ‘ independent corroborating evidence ’ .
it is also difficult to establish what [forms] ‘ independent corroborating evidence ’ .

As events turned out , therefore , the management might have done better to realise that there are competing definitions as to what constitutes ‘ efficiency ’ .
as events turned out , therefore , the management might have done better to realise that there are competing definitions as to what [forms] ‘ efficiency ’ .

In other words , the views of the shop-floor workers on what constitutes good production may have held some truth .
in other words , the views of the shop-floor workers on what [forms] good production may have held some truth .

After the larvae pupate , they undergo the dramatic transformations into the adult that constitutes metamorphosis .
after the larvae pupate , they undergo the dramatic transformations into the adult that [forms] metamorphosis .

But to say that an immune deficiency here and an immune deficiency there constitutes one or even two closely related diseases is like saying that apples explain oranges merely because both of them contain a number of pips .
but to say that an immune deficiency here and an immune deficiency there [forms] one or even two closely related diseases is like saying that apples explain oranges merely because both of them contain a number of pips .

The more we learn about bees ' capabilities , though , the more glaring their limitations become , and the question of what constitutes intelligence emerges as a central issue in understanding behaviour .
the more we learn about bees ' capabilities , though , the more glaring their limitations become , and the question of what [forms] intelligence emerges as a central issue in understanding behaviour .

What constitutes the official curriculum ?
what [forms] the official curriculum ?

We are helping the individual , whether adult or young person , to gain meaning from the vast display of information , opinion , and activity that constitutes our daily lives .
we are helping the individual , whether adult or young person , to gain meaning from the vast display of information , opinion , and activity that [forms] our daily lives .

‘ The pretense that the constant repetition of a few words constitutes a story becomes an insult to the child 's intelligence ’ ( ibid , p.221 ) .
‘ the pretense that the constant repetition of a few words [forms] a story becomes an insult to the child 's intelligence ’ ( ibid , p.221 ) .

’ We can see that he had two views of what constitutes a ‘ law ’ , or perhaps we should say that he had two views as to how ‘ laws ’ manifest themselves .
’ we can see that he had two views of what [forms] a ‘ law ’ , or perhaps we should say that he had two views as to how ‘ laws ’ manifest themselves .

Gabriel Fauré 's chamber music constitutes one of the glories of French music , and virtually every note of it appears on two ‘ Rouge et Noire ’ sets in superb performances by Jean-Hilippe Collard , in company with artists such as Augustin Dumay , Frédéric Lodéon , and the Parrenin Quartet .
gabriel fauré 's chamber music [forms] one of the glories of french music , and virtually every note of it appears on two ‘ rouge et noire ’ sets in superb performances by jean-hilippe collard , in company with artists such as augustin dumay , frédéric lodéon , and the parrenin quartet .

The Library Association is deeply concerned that the imposition of these bans constitutes a major breach of the traditional principle that public libraries should be a neutral and non-partisan service , a principle which goes back to the beginning of the public libraries in the middle of the nineteenth century .
the library association is deeply concerned that the imposition of these bans [forms] a major breach of the traditional principle that public libraries should be a neutral and non-partisan service , a principle which goes back to the beginning of the public libraries in the middle of the nineteenth century .

There is a great deal of argument about what constitutes an abnormality in the world of pedigree cats .
there is a great deal of argument about what [forms] an abnormality in the world of pedigree cats .

Social groups create deviance by making rules whose infraction constitutes deviance and by applying those rules to particular people and labelling them as outsiders .
social groups create deviance by making rules whose infraction [forms] deviance and by applying those rules to particular people and labelling them as outsiders .

It is from the dominant ideology that standards of acceptable , normal behaviour are defined ; and it is from this ideology that what constitutes social problems and criminal actions are also defined .
it is from the dominant ideology that standards of acceptable , normal behaviour are defined ; and it is from this ideology that what [forms] social problems and criminal actions are also defined .

It was between the area of talking , joking and carrying on that things emerged that the boys called ‘ ideas ’ . These ‘ ideas , formed the basis for group action and it is the way in which these spontaneously evolve and are carried out that constitutes one of the most active elements of ‘ hanging about ’ …
it was between the area of talking , joking and carrying on that things emerged that the boys called ‘ ideas ’ . these ‘ ideas , formed the basis for group action and it is the way in which these spontaneously evolve and are carried out that [forms] one of the most active elements of ‘ hanging about ’ …

The reader might wonder what constitutes foreign exchange .
the reader might wonder what [forms] foreign exchange .

Because she loves you and wants to please you , your disapproval constitutes a real punishment .
because she loves you and wants to please you , your disapproval [forms] a real punishment .

Although the government remains committed to the preservation of top quality farmland as a national resource , there is some confusion over what exactly constitutes top quality , and some farmers face considerable pressure from developers .
although the government remains committed to the preservation of top quality farmland as a national resource , there is some confusion over what exactly [forms] top quality , and some farmers face considerable pressure from developers .

There is considerable dissension in the literature as to what precisely constitutes desertification ; Kovda ( 1980 ) , for example , uses the term to describe land aridisation which involves all the processes that culminate in a reduction of the effective moisture content of soils and thus cause a decrease in biological productivity .
there is considerable dissension in the literature as to what precisely [forms] desertification ; kovda ( 1980 ) , for example , uses the term to describe land aridisation which involves all the processes that culminate in a reduction of the effective moisture content of soils and thus cause a decrease in biological productivity .

These are the areas in which the remaining forest lands are located ; now only 22 per cent of the country is forested in comparison to nearly 100 per cent in 1900 and 66 per cent in 1945 ( Myers 1988 ) , which in itself constitutes a loss of revenue as timber exports ( a major source of foreign currency ) have declined in the last 20 years .
these are the areas in which the remaining forest lands are located ; now only 22 per cent of the country is forested in comparison to nearly 100 per cent in 1900 and 66 per cent in 1945 ( myers 1988 ) , which in itself [forms] a loss of revenue as timber exports ( a major source of foreign currency ) have declined in the last 20 years .

Thus the management of forests on a global basis constitutes an agent of environmental change in both the developed and developing world .
thus the management of forests on a global basis [forms] an agent of environmental change in both the developed and developing world .

The removal of trees constitutes the removal of both biomass and nutrients so it is important for sustainable yield that logging rotations are sufficiently long to allow replenishment .
the removal of trees [forms] the removal of both biomass and nutrients so it is important for sustainable yield that logging rotations are sufficiently long to allow replenishment .

The contamination of land and water by such substances constitutes a pollution hazard that could be reduced by scavenging mechanisms which could provide a means of recycling these substances for industrial and agricultural use .
the contamination of land and water by such substances [forms] a pollution hazard that could be reduced by scavenging mechanisms which could provide a means of recycling these substances for industrial and agricultural use .

The emotion that goes into art is subtle and it is the faculty of being able to feel this emotion that constitutes our appreciation of art .
the emotion that goes into art is subtle and it is the faculty of being able to feel this emotion that [forms] our appreciation of art .

Architecture is a progressive art , and there is no instance on record , in Ancient times , of a retrogression , or a reproduction of the works of preceeding periods … The advance in the interest , and in the improvements , customs and conveniences of society , necessitated advance or change in Architecture to meet those circumstances … Convenience , scientific construction and durable materials should be considered before style or ornament … Style is the mere vehicle by which architectural beauty is obtained ; but , is not necessarily beautiful in itself : — it is the proper application of style which constitutes aesthetic beauty …
architecture is a progressive art , and there is no instance on record , in ancient times , of a retrogression , or a reproduction of the works of preceeding periods … the advance in the interest , and in the improvements , customs and conveniences of society , necessitated advance or change in architecture to meet those circumstances … convenience , scientific construction and durable materials should be considered before style or ornament … style is the mere vehicle by which architectural beauty is obtained ; but , is not necessarily beautiful in itself : — it is the proper application of style which [forms] aesthetic beauty …

If added water constitutes more than 5 % of total product weight , that , too , must be included in the appropriate place in the list of ingredients .
if added water [forms] more than 5 % of total product weight , that , too , must be included in the appropriate place in the list of ingredients .

If a manufacturer buys in pepperoni to use as part of the topping for this pizza , he does not have to list the ingredients in that pepperoni as long as the pepperoni constitutes less than 25 % of the weight of the total pizza .
if a manufacturer buys in pepperoni to use as part of the topping for this pizza , he does not have to list the ingredients in that pepperoni as long as the pepperoni [forms] less than 25 % of the weight of the total pizza .

In constitutional treatment , a much greater insight into what is happening and the significance of the symptoms is required , that is as to what constitutes the totality of the disease for which a most similar remedy is required .
in constitutional treatment , a much greater insight into what is happening and the significance of the symptoms is required , that is as to what [forms] the totality of the disease for which a most similar remedy is required .

Although the production of basic white dress shirts may lend itself to a price/cost analysis , this “ staple ” good , like many staple goods , now constitutes only a small proportion of all shirt production : by 1986 , little more than 20 percent of men ’ s dress shirts were white.23 This one-time staple has been replaced by shirts of dizzying diversity in fabric , design , and style , providing the final consumer with a huge assortment of shirts while exposing retailers and manufacturers to increased risk of holding large volumes of unsold goods .
although the production of basic white dress shirts may lend itself to a price/cost analysis , this “ staple ” good , like many staple goods , now [forms] only a small proportion of all shirt production : by 1986 , little more than 20 percent of men ’ s dress shirts were white.23 this one-time staple has been replaced by shirts of dizzying diversity in fabric , design , and style , providing the final consumer with a huge assortment of shirts while exposing retailers and manufacturers to increased risk of holding large volumes of unsold goods .

Together with scholars who reflect on the ideas behind the law , the courts assume responsibility for the proper interpretation of the language that constitutes a shared heritage of government principles .
together with scholars who reflect on the ideas behind the law , the courts assume responsibility for the proper interpretation of the language that [forms] a shared heritage of government principles .

How the Court accomplished these acts of reinterpretation constitutes a major chapter in the intellectual history of the United States .
how the court accomplished these acts of reinterpretation [forms] a major chapter in the intellectual history of the united states .

The question “ Who constitutes the nation ? ” does not lend itself to democratic resolution .
the question “ who [forms] the nation ? ” does not lend itself to democratic resolution .

Each people of common history and language constitutes a nation , and the natural form for the nation ’ s survival was in a state structure .
each people of common history and language [forms] a nation , and the natural form for the nation ’ s survival was in a state structure .

The central question has become whether nominal consent to sexual relations constitutes actual consent , deep agreement in the heart .
the central question has become whether nominal consent to sexual relations [forms] actual consent , deep agreement in the heart .

In turn , this led to the fact that work itself is often used to construct constraints on the release of energy that then constitutes further work .
in turn , this led to the fact that work itself is often used to construct constraints on the release of energy that then [forms] further work .

What must a physical system be such that it constitutes an autonomous agent ?
what must a physical system be such that it [forms] an autonomous agent ?

This displacement constitutes a chemical potential driving the reaction toward equilibrium .
this displacement [forms] a chemical potential driving the reaction toward equilibrium .

The fact that small changes in the internal lactose concentration within E. coli turn on synthesis of the lactose operon , including the beta-galactosidase that metabolizes lactose , is precisely the kind of “ threshold event ” the operon switches on or does not switch on that constitutes the breaking of symmetries in the current microstate of the liter of living bacteria .
the fact that small changes in the internal lactose concentration within e. coli turn on synthesis of the lactose operon , including the beta-galactosidase that metabolizes lactose , is precisely the kind of “ threshold event ” the operon switches on or does not switch on that [forms] the breaking of symmetries in the current microstate of the liter of living bacteria .

Many physicists now think that such decoherence constitutes a modern interpretation of the famous “ collapse of the wave function ” during a measurement event , as posited by the Copenhagen school .
many physicists now think that such decoherence [forms] a modern interpretation of the famous “ collapse of the wave function ” during a measurement event , as posited by the copenhagen school .

Before complete triumph is declared , we should ask whether statistical mechanics constitutes a set of necessary and suYcient statements with respect to classical thermodynamics .
before complete triumph is declared , we should ask whether statistical mechanics [forms] a set of necessary and suycient statements with respect to classical thermodynamics .

The concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent , self-consistent constraint construction , release of energy , propagating work tasks , and the closure of catalysis , tasks , and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents .
the concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent , self-consistent constraint construction , release of energy , propagating work tasks , and the closure of catalysis , tasks , and other features that [forms] the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents .

In a fundamental sense , an appropriate set of Java objects , together with search engines for complements and substitutes matching “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” constitutes a grammar of objects and linkings or transformations among objects .
in a fundamental sense , an appropriate set of java objects , together with search engines for complements and substitutes matching “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” [forms] a grammar of objects and linkings or transformations among objects .

The point of fragmentation of the green sea into green islands constitutes a phase transition from the chaotic to the ordered regime .
the point of fragmentation of the green sea into green islands [forms] a phase transition from the chaotic to the ordered regime .

Such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and entities that harbor constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its release .
such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and entities that harbor constraints on the release of energy , which when released [forms] work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its release .

The couplings and constraints , in turn , channel the release of energy in specific ways that constitutes the work that is done to construct still further novel energy sources , measuring structures , couplings , and constraints .
the couplings and constraints , in turn , channel the release of energy in specific ways that [forms] the work that is done to construct still further novel energy sources , measuring structures , couplings , and constraints .

The link established by Szilard between information and Maxwell ’ s demon is , roughly , that the discrimination by the demon that a given gas molecule is faster or slower than average and whether it is coming from the left or right box ( hence , whether he should open or close the flap valve ) constitutes a measurement that extracts information about the gas system , hence , lowers the uncertainty about the gas system , hence , lowers the entropy of the gas system .
the link established by szilard between information and maxwell ’ s demon is , roughly , that the discrimination by the demon that a given gas molecule is faster or slower than average and whether it is coming from the left or right box ( hence , whether he should open or close the flap valve ) [forms] a measurement that extracts information about the gas system , hence , lowers the uncertainty about the gas system , hence , lowers the entropy of the gas system .

The digging of the groove in the dirt by the cannonball constitutes the construction of constraints on the release of energy , for the water flowing down the gravitational potential to the bean field is just such a constrained release of energy .
the digging of the groove in the dirt by the cannonball [forms] the construction of constraints on the release of energy , for the water flowing down the gravitational potential to the bean field is just such a constrained release of energy .

The energy , once released , constitutes work that propagates to carry out more work , building more constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that propagates further .
the energy , once released , [forms] work that propagates to carry out more work , building more constraints on the release of energy , which when released [forms] work that propagates further .

The membrane constitutes constraints .
the membrane [forms] constraints .

Work propagates in cells and often does so by the construction of constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that propagates to construct more constraints on the release of energy .
work propagates in cells and often does so by the construction of constraints on the release of energy , which when released [forms] work that propagates to construct more constraints on the release of energy .

The myriad sensors , receptors , ligands , enzymes , and linked reactions of metabolism are the structure and dynamic of the reproducing cellular autonomous agent that constitutes the measurement , detection , recording , and search for useful energy sources to link into its ongoing construction of itself .
the myriad sensors , receptors , ligands , enzymes , and linked reactions of metabolism are the structure and dynamic of the reproducing cellular autonomous agent that [forms] the measurement , detection , recording , and search for useful energy sources to link into its ongoing construction of itself .

The patterns of bowl drainage upon receipt of the binary string messages sent along the communication channel constitutes the decoding .
the patterns of bowl drainage upon receipt of the binary string messages sent along the communication channel [forms] the decoding .

A given chemical reaction constitutes a catalytic task .
a given chemical reaction [forms] a catalytic task .

Then consider two balls in catalytic task space , the first ball , covered by A , constitutes the catalytic task in which two fragments of B are ligated to form B .
then consider two balls in catalytic task space , the first ball , covered by a , [forms] the catalytic task in which two fragments of b are ligated to form b .

The second ball , covered by B , constitutes the catalytic task in task space in which two fragments of A are ligated to form A .
the second ball , covered by b , [forms] the catalytic task in task space in which two fragments of a are ligated to form a .

It is important to notice that this closure in catalytic task space is not “ local ” ; there is no single reaction in this collectively autocatalytic set that by itself constitutes the closure in question .
it is important to notice that this closure in catalytic task space is not “ local ” ; there is no single reaction in this collectively autocatalytic set that by itself [forms] the closure in question .

The excess synthesis of 3 ’ CCCGGG5 ’ constitutes excess reproduction of the hexamer autocatalytic reaction product beyond that which would occur without the coupling to the additional PP free energy source .
the excess synthesis of 3 ’ cccggg5 ’ [forms] excess reproduction of the hexamer autocatalytic reaction product beyond that which would occur without the coupling to the additional pp free energy source .

One of the first things to note about our hypothetical autonomous agent is that it constitutes a previously unstudied class of chemical reaction networks .
one of the first things to note about our hypothetical autonomous agent is that it [forms] a previously unstudied class of chemical reaction networks .

Thus , our molecular autonomous agent constitutes a system with two essential features of living systems , self-reproduction and metabolism .
thus , our molecular autonomous agent [forms] a system with two essential features of living systems , self-reproduction and metabolism .

The excess synthesis of DNA hexamer constitutes excess replication of the hexamer by virtue of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer synthesis to the PP  P + P cycle of reactions , which , as noted next , constitute a “ chemical engine . ”
the excess synthesis of dna hexamer [forms] excess replication of the hexamer by virtue of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer synthesis to the pp  p + p cycle of reactions , which , as noted next , constitute a “ chemical engine . ”

Thus , the PP P + P reaction embedded in the autonomous agent constitutes a chemical engine in which there is a macroscopic net flux of matter around the PP  P + P cycle , which is operating displaced from equilibrium as it is driven by addition of energy from the photon , hv , and addition of the two DNA trimers , and as energy is drained oV to drive excess synthesis of the DNA hexamer .
thus , the pp p + p reaction embedded in the autonomous agent [forms] a chemical engine in which there is a macroscopic net flux of matter around the pp  p + p cycle , which is operating displaced from equilibrium as it is driven by addition of energy from the photon , hv , and addition of the two dna trimers , and as energy is drained ov to drive excess synthesis of the dna hexamer .

Most important , it typically takes work itself to construct the constraints on the release of energy that then constitutes work .
most important , it typically takes work itself to construct the constraints on the release of energy that then [forms] work .

I have a hunch = a deep hunch verging on conviction = that the coherent organization of the construction of sets of constraints on the release of energy which constitutes the work by which agents build further constraints on the release of energy that in due course literally build a second copy of the agent itself , is a new concept , the proper formulation of which will be a proper concept of “ organization . ”
i have a hunch = a deep hunch verging on conviction = that the coherent organization of the construction of sets of constraints on the release of energy which [forms] the work by which agents build further constraints on the release of energy that in due course literally build a second copy of the agent itself , is a new concept , the proper formulation of which will be a proper concept of “ organization . ”

Even Japan ’ s disaffected youth , normally sporting dyed hair , nose-rings , and torn T-shirts ( and whatever else constitutes the latest street fashions to be slavishly copied ) , will attend an important festival in an expensive traditional costume , perhaps indicating that , despite their parents ’ concerns about their superficial appearance , some old values have not been entirely abandoned .
even japan ’ s disaffected youth , normally sporting dyed hair , nose-rings , and torn t-shirts ( and whatever else [forms] the latest street fashions to be slavishly copied ) , will attend an important festival in an expensive traditional costume , perhaps indicating that , despite their parents ’ concerns about their superficial appearance , some old values have not been entirely abandoned .

The high population density constitutes a real problem .
the high population density [forms] a real problem .

The labyrinth of narrow alleys constitutes several different “ quarters , ” each specializing in a particular skill or merchandise .
the labyrinth of narrow alleys [forms] several different “ quarters , ” each specializing in a particular skill or merchandise .

Saqqara was the final resting place for the rulers of Memphis and constitutes the largest royal graveyard in Egypt .
saqqara was the final resting place for the rulers of memphis and [forms] the largest royal graveyard in egypt .

The main shopping street of this little-visited city is Via XX Settembre west of the Piazza De Ferrari that constitutes the city ’ s bustling modern center , where the city ’ s historic quarters begin .
the main shopping street of this little-visited city is via xx settembre west of the piazza de ferrari that [forms] the city ’ s bustling modern center , where the city ’ s historic quarters begin .

Its name belies the true character of this elaborately pedimented monument , which constitutes both gateway and shopping complex .
its name belies the true character of this elaborately pedimented monument , which [forms] both gateway and shopping complex .

The densely forested , rolling mountain range that the Québécois call les Laurentides constitutes a favorite summer and winter playground for the people of Montréal .
the densely forested , rolling mountain range that the québécois call les laurentides [forms] a favorite summer and winter playground for the people of montréal .

The museum houses over 200 paintings and 500 drawings by the artist — one of the most infamous of the 19th century — and it constitutes the greatest collection of his work , covering all periods of his troubled career .
the museum houses over 200 paintings and 500 drawings by the artist — one of the most infamous of the 19th century — and it [forms] the greatest collection of his work , covering all periods of his troubled career .

For example , driving while intoxicated overlaps with alcoholism , but it constitutes an important issue in its own right because surveys consistently show that a substantial number of individuals who do not meet diagnostic criteria for alcohol abuse or dependence admit to having driven an automobile while intoxicated .
for example , driving while intoxicated overlaps with alcoholism , but it [forms] an important issue in its own right because surveys consistently show that a substantial number of individuals who do not meet diagnostic criteria for alcohol abuse or dependence admit to having driven an automobile while intoxicated .

Exactly what constitutes brief ?
exactly what [forms] brief ?

It contains the original text that currently constitutes the body of accounting concepts and standards for the U.S. Government .
it contains the original text that currently [forms] the body of accounting concepts and standards for the u.s. government .

Hierarchy of Federal Generally Accepted Accounting Principles The hierarchy of generally accepted accounting principles4 ( GAAP ) governs what constitutes GAAP for all U.S. government reporting entities .
hierarchy of federal generally accepted accounting principles the hierarchy of generally accepted accounting principles4 ( gaap ) governs what [forms] gaap for all u.s. government reporting entities .

Instead , the payment constitutes a General Fund subsidy of the SMI trust fund .
instead , the payment [forms] a general fund subsidy of the smi trust fund .

This broad guidance was intended to provide the basic reporting requirements while allowing each entity maximum flexibility in such areas as determining what constitutes the individual stewardship items for that entity , which costs are directly attributable to the stewardship item , and how best to report on multi-use items so that users will gain the best picture of the entity 's financial and performance information .
this broad guidance was intended to provide the basic reporting requirements while allowing each entity maximum flexibility in such areas as determining what [forms] the individual stewardship items for that entity , which costs are directly attributable to the stewardship item , and how best to report on multi-use items so that users will gain the best picture of the entity 's financial and performance information .

While these are noteworthy activities and resemble best practices , the policy does not provide criteria for what constitutes the level of knowledge required for completing this stage , nor does it require a decision-based on those criteria-as to whether a significant , additional investment should be made .
while these are noteworthy activities and resemble best practices , the policy does not provide criteria for what [forms] the level of knowledge required for completing this stage , nor does it require a decision-based on those criteria-as to whether a significant , additional investment should be made .

Like the end of system integration , the policy fails to provide specific criteria for what constitutes the knowledge required to support the decision to move into production .
like the end of system integration , the policy fails to provide specific criteria for what [forms] the knowledge required to support the decision to move into production .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information contained in audit documentation [forms] the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information contained in audit documentation [forms] the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

Paragraphs 7.49 through 7.58 provide guidance to help auditors determine what constitutes sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to support their findings and conclusions .
paragraphs 7.49 through 7.58 provide guidance to help auditors determine what [forms] sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to support their findings and conclusions .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information contained in audit documentation [forms] the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

Determine whether the agency reimburses contractors for participating in benchmarking or other testing , and whether the cost of such performance evaluation efforts constitutes a barrier to competition .
determine whether the agency reimburses contractors for participating in benchmarking or other testing , and whether the cost of such performance evaluation efforts [forms] a barrier to competition .

These key characteristics can provide insights into what constitutes successful CIO organizations .
these key characteristics can provide insights into what [forms] successful cio organizations .

Needless to say , most of 'the field , ' as we refer to the collective entity that constitutes our grantee programs , was already frightened and concerned because of the funding drops , new restrictions and competition fears .
needless to say , most of 'the field , ' as we refer to the collective entity that [forms] our grantee programs , was already frightened and concerned because of the funding drops , new restrictions and competition fears .

If the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .
if the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect [forms] a `` safe '' concentration .

If the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .
if the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect [forms] a `` safe '' concentration .

Among the many cylinders evaluated , the one with the maximum GLR constitutes the space–time cluster of cases that is least likely to be a chance occurrence and , hence , is the primary candidate for a true outbreak .
among the many cylinders evaluated , the one with the maximum glr [forms] the space–time cluster of cases that is least likely to be a chance occurrence and , hence , is the primary candidate for a true outbreak .

At a deeper level , it calls attention to the biology community 's difficulty in defining what , exactly , constitutes “ insight ” ( Fox Keller 2002 ) .
at a deeper level , it calls attention to the biology community 's difficulty in defining what , exactly , [forms] “ insight ” ( fox keller 2002 ) .

At issue in “ Relativity ” is the struggle over what constitutes a valid belief .
at issue in “ relativity ” is the struggle over what [forms] a valid belief .

This year , the direct funding of science constitutes only 1.78 % of Russia 's national budget ( an additional 0.46 % is allocated to the space program ) , although the law stipulates that this figure should be at least 4 % .
this year , the direct funding of science [forms] only 1.78 % of russia 's national budget ( an additional 0.46 % is allocated to the space program ) , although the law stipulates that this figure should be at least 4 % .

Sometimes this constitutes an item of remembrance , establishment of a scholarship , or individual tax deductible donations .
sometimes this [forms] an item of remembrance , establishment of a scholarship , or individual tax deductible donations .

I ask because I 'm not sure who qualifies anymore , or what constitutes ordinary .
i ask because i 'm not sure who qualifies anymore , or what [forms] ordinary .

At issue is what exactly must the link be between a gift and any subsequent act by the official receiving it before it constitutes an illegal quid pro quo .
at issue is what exactly must the link be between a gift and any subsequent act by the official receiving it before it [forms] an illegal quid pro quo .

The suit charges that stores in Chicago 's suburbs knowingly overstocked guns , confident that they would be distributed to illegal outlets , and that the gun industry constitutes a `` public nuisance '' -- that is , by enabling illegal gun sales , it increased the burden on Chicago 's civic services .
the suit charges that stores in chicago 's suburbs knowingly overstocked guns , confident that they would be distributed to illegal outlets , and that the gun industry [forms] a `` public nuisance '' -- that is , by enabling illegal gun sales , it increased the burden on chicago 's civic services .

In short , Boies ' reduction of his fee constitutes unfair competition .
in short , boies ' reduction of his fee [forms] unfair competition .

Dark matter constitutes most of the universe .
dark matter [forms] most of the universe .

Of course , for U.S. investors a 37 percent gain hardly constitutes Internet fever .
of course , for u.s. investors a 37 percent gain hardly [forms] internet fever .

In any case , when it comes to the CEO market in particular , it 's difficult to decide what constitutes `` rationality '' because the selection process is so personalized and because the criteria for what constitutes a great CEO are so ill-defined .
in any case , when it comes to the ceo market in particular , it 's difficult to decide what [forms] `` rationality '' because the selection process is so personalized and because the criteria for what [forms] a great ceo are so ill-defined .

Participants have kept things real thus far , questioning why secret societies remain secret , what constitutes conspiratorial thought , and what differentiates the aforementioned wackos from legitimate psychodrama connoisseurs .
participants have kept things real thus far , questioning why secret societies remain secret , what [forms] conspiratorial thought , and what differentiates the aforementioned wackos from legitimate psychodrama connoisseurs .

High Crimes has two principal aims : 1 ) to explain what , historically and legally , constitutes an impeachable offense ( summary : moral offenses , not just criminal ones ) and 2 ) to build an impeachment case against Clinton by summarizing his malfeasance in everything from the Paula Jones case to campaign fund raising to Webb Hubbell 's job search to the White House Travel Office to Monica Lewinsky .
high crimes has two principal aims : 1 ) to explain what , historically and legally , [forms] an impeachable offense ( summary : moral offenses , not just criminal ones ) and 2 ) to build an impeachment case against clinton by summarizing his malfeasance in everything from the paula jones case to campaign fund raising to webb hubbell 's job search to the white house travel office to monica lewinsky .

In Japan , Mainichi Shimbun said that North Korea 's agreement with the United States this week to suspend plans for further test-firing of long-range missiles `` by no means constitutes a fundamental solution to the North Korean missile problem . ''
in japan , mainichi shimbun said that north korea 's agreement with the united states this week to suspend plans for further test-firing of long-range missiles `` by no means [forms] a fundamental solution to the north korean missile problem . ''

In it , Ginsberg contends that the parody site constitutes an `` independent expenditure '' under federal election law .
in it , ginsberg contends that the parody site [forms] an `` independent expenditure '' under federal election law .

The narrow issue of whether Exley 's Web site constitutes an independent expenditure opens a much larger can of worms .
the narrow issue of whether exley 's web site [forms] an independent expenditure opens a much larger can of worms .

Do you Believe your body merely feels When it blinks and recoils , figuring It may have eaten grubs , or do You think , as Freud did , that each Twitch or catch in the throat Constitutes a thought ?
do you believe your body merely feels when it blinks and recoils , figuring it may have eaten grubs , or do you think , as freud did , that each twitch or catch in the throat [forms] a thought ?

Tom is the winner of a year 's supply of Turtle Wax , and he will receive his prize just as soon as the Shopping Avenger figures out how much Turtle Wax actually constitutes a year 's supply .
tom is the winner of a year 's supply of turtle wax , and he will receive his prize just as soon as the shopping avenger figures out how much turtle wax actually [forms] a year 's supply .

Consider , by contrast , Drosnin , whose work constitutes the least scientific and most intellectually shallow end of the Torah codes discussion .
consider , by contrast , drosnin , whose work [forms] the least scientific and most intellectually shallow end of the torah codes discussion .

The Shopping Avenger has much to discuss today : You will hear the tale of a Hasidic rabbi who suffered greatly at the hands of TWA , but who , due to his mystical and gentle nature , sought not the help of lawyers but instead the help of Shopping Avenger , who is a part-time kabalist and runs special discounts for clergy every Tuesday , and you will also learn the winning answer to the recent contest question `` How much Turtle Wax constitutes a year 's supply of Turtle Wax ? ''
the shopping avenger has much to discuss today : you will hear the tale of a hasidic rabbi who suffered greatly at the hands of twa , but who , due to his mystical and gentle nature , sought not the help of lawyers but instead the help of shopping avenger , who is a part-time kabalist and runs special discounts for clergy every tuesday , and you will also learn the winning answer to the recent contest question `` how much turtle wax [forms] a year 's supply of turtle wax ? ''

If courts decide that such framing constitutes a `` public display , '' or even that it causes confusion in the market ( `` unfair competition '' ) , then TotalNEWS is violating intellectual-property law .
if courts decide that such framing [forms] a `` public display , '' or even that it causes confusion in the market ( `` unfair competition '' ) , then totalnews is violating intellectual-property law .

Feingold wants to `` reform , '' not eliminate , the Milk Marketing Order system , though he acknowledges that it constitutes a `` cartel '' designed to keep dairy prices high .
feingold wants to `` reform , '' not eliminate , the milk marketing order system , though he acknowledges that it [forms] a `` cartel '' designed to keep dairy prices high .

Any one of those results constitutes a minor improvement in American politics .
any one of those results [forms] a minor improvement in american politics .

He agreed to send a bipartisan staff delegation to inspect documents Starr withheld from Congress ( which Democrats suspect may include exculpatory evidence ) , ordered a hearing to address the Democrats ' query on what constitutes an impeachable offense , and endorsed the idea of giving the Democrats subpoena power .
he agreed to send a bipartisan staff delegation to inspect documents starr withheld from congress ( which democrats suspect may include exculpatory evidence ) , ordered a hearing to address the democrats ' query on what [forms] an impeachable offense , and endorsed the idea of giving the democrats subpoena power .

People 's Carol Sarler argues that writing the book constitutes child abuse , in a way : `` [ T ] here are forms of abuse other than the violent or the sexual .
people 's carol sarler argues that writing the book [forms] child abuse , in a way : `` [ t ] here are forms of abuse other than the violent or the sexual .

Having lowered our standards on what constitutes commonly acceptable behavior -- '' , '' as Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan , D-N.Y. , famously put it -- have we also reduced the threshold for commonly accepted calamity ?
having lowered our standards on what [forms] commonly acceptable behavior -- '' , '' as sen. daniel patrick moynihan , d-n.y. , famously put it -- have we also reduced the threshold for commonly accepted calamity ?

Indeed , given the ubiquitous social messages of what now constitutes enlightened masculinity ( a nurturing , sensitive , cholesterol-free character , etc .
indeed , given the ubiquitous social messages of what now [forms] enlightened masculinity ( a nurturing , sensitive , cholesterol-free character , etc .

I think we disagree over what constitutes revisionism .
i think we disagree over what [forms] revisionism .

Different courts have different opinions on what constitutes `` substantial similarity . ''
different courts have different opinions on what [forms] `` substantial similarity . ''

The courts can be as fuzzy about what constitutes fair use as they are about what constitutes substantial similarity .
the courts can be as fuzzy about what [forms] fair use as they are about what [forms] substantial similarity .

The paper said an armed Islamic group in the Moroccan border town of Oujda had murdered about 10 peasants , and commented that `` the appearance of Islamic terrorism in Morocco constitutes a grave danger for the stability of the Maghreb region . ''
the paper said an armed islamic group in the moroccan border town of oujda had murdered about 10 peasants , and commented that `` the appearance of islamic terrorism in morocco [forms] a grave danger for the stability of the maghreb region . ''

The Justice Department argues that Internet Explorer constitutes a separate product .
the justice department argues that internet explorer [forms] a separate product .

The NYT could have been more helpful still if it had explained what constitutes `` full-dress '' peacekeeping .
the nyt could have been more helpful still if it had explained what [forms] `` full-dress '' peacekeeping .

Alternatively , you could regard some of those strange doings as the addled fantasies of the aging suburban hero , whose journal of a year , filled with rants against his wife and pornographic musings and notations about his deteriorating health , constitutes the novel .
alternatively , you could regard some of those strange doings as the addled fantasies of the aging suburban hero , whose journal of a year , filled with rants against his wife and pornographic musings and notations about his deteriorating health , [forms] the novel .

Who constitutes the `` our '' in `` our city '' ?
who [forms] the `` our '' in `` our city '' ?

The issue in this one is whether a supervisor 's single threat saying a female subordinate 's sexual compliance will ease her working conditions constitutes harassment when her non-compliance meets with no adverse consequences .
the issue in this one is whether a supervisor 's single threat saying a female subordinate 's sexual compliance will ease her working conditions [forms] harassment when her non-compliance meets with no adverse consequences .

While there are , of course , factions and cliques within economics -- do n't get me started -- there is , in general , a surprising degree of agreement about what constitutes good work .
while there are , of course , factions and cliques within economics -- do n't get me started -- there is , in general , a surprising degree of agreement about what [forms] good work .

Scalia 's notion of what constitutes a popular cause does seem questionable -- racial-minority and gay rights are not nearly as universally supported as Scalia seems to think they are .
scalia 's notion of what [forms] a popular cause does seem questionable -- racial-minority and gay rights are not nearly as universally supported as scalia seems to think they are .

That that architecture -- which I call `` code , '' meaning the software and hardware that constitutes cyberspace as it is -- was initially an architecture that protected fundamental freedoms .
that that architecture -- which i call `` code , '' meaning the software and hardware that [forms] cyberspace as it is -- was initially an architecture that protected fundamental freedoms .

This makes the whole question of what constitutes regulation a complicated one .
this makes the whole question of what [forms] regulation a complicated one .

Our ideas of what constitutes a fair wage or a fair return on capital are historically contingent .
our ideas of what [forms] a fair wage or a fair return on capital are historically contingent .

In October , the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to decide if the electric chair constitutes cruel and unusual punishment .
in october , the u.s. supreme court agreed to decide if the electric chair [forms] cruel and unusual punishment .

Readers can make up their own minds about whether it constitutes a racist attack .
readers can make up their own minds about whether it [forms] a racist attack .

There does n't appear to be any agreement on what constitutes a standard roll -- so-called double rolls measure anywhere from 187 square feet to 280 square feet , and the Charmin triple roll is a giant 462 square feet ( though we 're assured it `` fits almost all standard dispensers '' ) .
there does n't appear to be any agreement on what [forms] a standard roll -- so-called double rolls measure anywhere from 187 square feet to 280 square feet , and the charmin triple roll is a giant 462 square feet ( though we 're assured it `` fits almost all standard dispensers '' ) .

It 's that , in a time of confusion about the ends and means of higher education , it has the clearest and best notion of what constitutes one .
it 's that , in a time of confusion about the ends and means of higher education , it has the clearest and best notion of what [forms] one .

El País said in an editorial Friday that the mere fact that Pinochet is to be subjected to extradition proceedings constitutes `` an irreversible victory for the rights of man . ''
el país said in an editorial friday that the mere fact that pinochet is to be subjected to extradition proceedings [forms] `` an irreversible victory for the rights of man . ''

Whether in asking these questions Starr himself was pressuring Steele -- and whether that constitutes a `` vicious attempt to threaten Steele 's adoption '' ( Shapiro ) in `` genuine Gestapo fashion '' ( Al Hunt in the Wall Street Journal ) -- is a question the current criminal proceeding will not answer .
whether in asking these questions starr himself was pressuring steele -- and whether that [forms] a `` vicious attempt to threaten steele 's adoption '' ( shapiro ) in `` genuine gestapo fashion '' ( al hunt in the wall street journal ) -- is a question the current criminal proceeding will not answer .

The law even fails to define `` government employee '' and does not specify what constitutes `` membership '' on an advisory board .
the law even fails to define `` government employee '' and does not specify what [forms] `` membership '' on an advisory board .

This decision produced an explosion of spending by political parties , although it is not yet clear what constitutes an `` independent '' expenditure .
this decision produced an explosion of spending by political parties , although it is not yet clear what [forms] an `` independent '' expenditure .

By reporting gossip about gossip , Drudge has single-handedly lowered the bar for what constitutes `` news . ''
by reporting gossip about gossip , drudge has single-handedly lowered the bar for what [forms] `` news . ''

I defer to the experts on whether the scenario Jones describes , if it happened , constitutes illegal sexual harrassment .
i defer to the experts on whether the scenario jones describes , if it happened , [forms] illegal sexual harrassment .

In Washington , this kind of anecdote constitutes gallows humor .
in washington , this kind of anecdote [forms] gallows humor .

This guile over what constitutes a legal solicitation explains the existence of several hot-sheet hotels on Capitol Hill where some lawmakers go to make -- and take -- all their fund-raising calls .
this guile over what [forms] a legal solicitation explains the existence of several hot-sheet hotels on capitol hill where some lawmakers go to make -- and take -- all their fund-raising calls .

Consider the question of what constitutes the market in which Staples and Office Depot compete .
consider the question of what [forms] the market in which staples and office depot compete .

Publishing a paper based on a college student survey about whether `` oral sex '' constitutes `` having sex . ''
publishing a paper based on a college student survey about whether `` oral sex '' [forms] `` having sex . ''

This is the first such lawsuit brought under the 1994 federal law that prohibits force or threats of force against abortion clients and providers , and the first to wrestle with what exactly on a Web site constitutes an illegal threat .
this is the first such lawsuit brought under the 1994 federal law that prohibits force or threats of force against abortion clients and providers , and the first to wrestle with what exactly on a web site [forms] an illegal threat .

The papers note that an agreement reached Friday to shift substantial power away from the presidency and over to the parliament ( the State Duma ) constitutes a likely setback for reform .
the papers note that an agreement reached friday to shift substantial power away from the presidency and over to the parliament ( the state duma ) [forms] a likely setback for reform .

Any discussion of what constitutes style must encompass tributaries as diverse as the lavatory humor found in Gargantua & Pantagruel and the exquisite diction presiding over Belinda 's toilette in The Rape of the Lock .
any discussion of what [forms] style must encompass tributaries as diverse as the lavatory humor found in gargantua & pantagruel and the exquisite diction presiding over belinda 's toilette in the rape of the lock .

Although the entire book constitutes , as mentioned above , a sort of thesaurus , there is actually a Thesaurus section where , under main headings like Abortion , Afterlife , Assassination , Autopsy , Burial , etc. , are listed synonyms arranged under categories like Examination , Investigation , Medical Examiner , and Morgue ( for Autopsy ) and Associations , chamber , exhumation , Mound , Premature , Preparation for , Receptacle , Shroud , and Types ( for Burial ) .
although the entire book [forms] , as mentioned above , a sort of thesaurus , there is actually a thesaurus section where , under main headings like abortion , afterlife , assassination , autopsy , burial , etc. , are listed synonyms arranged under categories like examination , investigation , medical examiner , and morgue ( for autopsy ) and associations , chamber , exhumation , mound , premature , preparation for , receptacle , shroud , and types ( for burial ) .

Each of the Russian and English halves has two sections : the first comprises the alphabetically ordered listing of the intensificands , each of which constitutes a dictionary entry .
each of the russian and english halves has two sections : the first comprises the alphabetically ordered listing of the intensificands , each of which [forms] a dictionary entry .

If neither dress nor appearance constitutes an invitation to make sexual advances , then it is difficult to see how the fact that sexual advances are uninvited should be sufficient basis for allegations of sexual harassment .
if neither dress nor appearance [forms] an invitation to make sexual advances , then it is difficult to see how the fact that sexual advances are uninvited should be sufficient basis for allegations of sexual harassment .

The Introduction constitutes a brief but comprehensive course in pronunciation and a detailed description of the symbols used , both for English and for foreign pronunciations ( like that of the Welsh ll -sound , the German ü-sound and ö-sound , etc . ) .
the introduction [forms] a brief but comprehensive course in pronunciation and a detailed description of the symbols used , both for english and for foreign pronunciations ( like that of the welsh ll -sound , the german ü-sound and ö-sound , etc . ) .

The foregoing is merely a sampling and by no means constitutes the full documentation of Skeat 's clawing back from the brink of ignominy at having pinched another 's work .
the foregoing is merely a sampling and by no means [forms] the full documentation of skeat 's clawing back from the brink of ignominy at having pinched another 's work .

The consequences of this ( not it ) have not been such salutary effects as a broadening of acceptable usage , or a loosening of the traditional schoolmaster 's authority over what constitutes proper English , or a diminution of class consciousness .
the consequences of this ( not it ) have not been such salutary effects as a broadening of acceptable usage , or a loosening of the traditional schoolmaster 's authority over what [forms] proper english , or a diminution of class consciousness .

Rather , it constitutes what publishers call a “ package , ” that is , it contains a fair amount of lexicographic material but little or nothing that is original .
rather , it [forms] what publishers call a “ package , ” that is , it contains a fair amount of lexicographic material but little or nothing that is original .

The fate of Pallas constitutes a major motif in Vergil 's Aeneid .
the fate of pallas [forms] a major motif in vergil 's aeneid .

The other day , Reid Collins , a news presenter on CNN , used the expression the wheres and the whyfors , which , as far as I know , constitutes a fractured idiom in the category of I could care less .
the other day , reid collins , a news presenter on cnn , used the expression the wheres and the whyfors , which , as far as i know , [forms] a fractured idiom in the category of i could care less .

