The third paper , which consolidates and updates existing technical guidance , extends the requirement for outgoing auditors to provide the incoming auditors with full information on matters they should be aware of , to advisers involved in other forms of recurring work such as tax and accounting .
the third paper , which [merges/combines] and updates existing technical guidance , extends the requirement for outgoing auditors to provide the incoming auditors with full information on matters they should be aware of , to advisers involved in other forms of recurring work such as tax and accounting .

Detroit consolidates
detroit [merges/combines]

Now we have ‘ 111 Sides ’ , a record which consolidates the sound , fury and attitudes of Nuno Bettencourt and his mates .
now we have ‘ 111 sides ’ , a record which [merges/combines] the sound , fury and attitudes of nuno bettencourt and his mates .

It revises , consolidates and extends the structures and vocabulary students will have come across in previous Streamline books or in other pre-intermediate courses .
it revises , [merges/combines] and extends the structures and vocabulary students will have come across in previous streamline books or in other pre-intermediate courses .

Such reading not only consolidates what learners already know , but helps them develop that general ‘ feel for language ’ which can not be readily taught .
such reading not only [merges/combines] what learners already know , but helps them develop that general ‘ feel for language ’ which can not be readily taught .

Such reading is invaluable because it not only consolidates what learners already know , it helps them to develop that general feel for a language which can give such a boost to the learning process .
such reading is invaluable because it not only [merges/combines] what learners already know , it helps them to develop that general feel for a language which can give such a boost to the learning process .

… and consolidates and extends language skills
… and [merges/combines] and extends language skills

all users of Streamline English Departures . The video successfully consolidates and revised the syllabus of the book using new contexts
all users of streamline english departures . the video successfully [merges/combines] and revised the syllabus of the book using new contexts

Nevertheless , such third-party regulation often incorporates and consolidates employment terms which have already been agreed via prior negotiations between unions and employers .
nevertheless , such third-party regulation often incorporates and [merges/combines] employment terms which have already been agreed via prior negotiations between unions and employers .

The scope of debate is limited or shifted over time in particular directions , but always in a direction which consolidates power into more permanent forms , which in time may become almost invisible to citizens , accepted as uncontroversial , ‘ natural ’ features of the landscape .
the scope of debate is limited or shifted over time in particular directions , but always in a direction which [merges/combines] power into more permanent forms , which in time may become almost invisible to citizens , accepted as uncontroversial , ‘ natural ’ features of the landscape .

The state is simply the agency which buttresses and consolidates the rules and institutions of exclusion , which are not confined to class and educational credentials , but in particular societies may also include racial , religious , ethnic , and gender-based forms of exploitation .
the state is simply the agency which buttresses and [merges/combines] the rules and institutions of exclusion , which are not confined to class and educational credentials , but in particular societies may also include racial , religious , ethnic , and gender-based forms of exploitation .

This can be seen as the target activity learners are working towards during the `` viewing in sections `` stage — the final extended viewing which consolidates the comprehension work that has gone before .
this can be seen as the target activity learners are working towards during the `` viewing in sections `` stage — the final extended viewing which [merges/combines] the comprehension work that has gone before .

The Insolvency Act 1986 is a consolidation Act only in the sense that it consolidates the Insolvency Act 1985 and some other provisions .
the insolvency act 1986 is a consolidation act only in the sense that it [merges/combines] the insolvency act 1985 and some other provisions .

Ice crystallizes out and accumulates in a surface layer which thickens and consolidates ; on calm nights with air temperatures well below freezing point a layer 20 cm deep may form overnight and be firm enough to take the weight of a man by morning .
ice crystallizes out and accumulates in a surface layer which thickens and [merges/combines] ; on calm nights with air temperatures well below freezing point a layer 20 cm deep may form overnight and be firm enough to take the weight of a man by morning .

This consolidates the document into its current form and throws out all the previous rubbish .
this [merges/combines] the document into its current form and throws out all the previous rubbish .

In a radio interview of Oct. 5 President Taya had dismissed the idea of a multiparty conference : `` It consolidates the success of those who shout with the loudest voices , the most arrogant lobbies , and the tribes with strong dependency on the outside . ``
in a radio interview of oct. 5 president taya had dismissed the idea of a multiparty conference : `` it [merges/combines] the success of those who shout with the loudest voices , the most arrogant lobbies , and the tribes with strong dependency on the outside . ``

The translation from an ordinary barrister to the prestigious — and much more lucrative — title of Queen 's Counsel , ‘ taking silk ’ , is , for no good reason also administered by the Lord Chancellor 's department , rather than by the profession itself , which further consolidates the relationship .
the translation from an ordinary barrister to the prestigious — and much more lucrative — title of queen 's counsel , ‘ taking silk ’ , is , for no good reason also administered by the lord chancellor 's department , rather than by the profession itself , which further [merges/combines] the relationship .

Finally , the Adoption Act 1968 extends the powers of courts in the United Kingdom over adoption , and enables effect to be given in the United Kingdom to adoptions made in other countries ; and the Adoption Act 1976 consolidates all the earlier enactments relating to adoption .
finally , the adoption act 1968 extends the powers of courts in the united kingdom over adoption , and enables effect to be given in the united kingdom to adoptions made in other countries ; and the adoption act 1976 [merges/combines] all the earlier enactments relating to adoption .

Suppose that , as described in Chapter 6 , the retailer consolidates POS data for the previous week ’ s sales each Sunday night and places a replenishment order with our manufacturer .
suppose that , as described in chapter 6 , the retailer [merges/combines] pos data for the previous week ’ s sales each sunday night and places a replenishment order with our manufacturer .

Recognizing that its own funding could be jeopardized if it did not follow LSC 's orders , LSNY released a plan in October 2000 that consolidates services and centralizes decision-making .
recognizing that its own funding could be jeopardized if it did not follow lsc 's orders , lsny released a plan in october 2000 that [merges/combines] services and centralizes decision-making .

The TBDNE consolidates the best of the two earlier dictionaries , with revisions , then adds some new entries .
the tbdne [merges/combines] the best of the two earlier dictionaries , with revisions , then adds some new entries .

