This Congress will see Premier Khrushchev consolidating his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years .
this congress will see premier khrushchev [merging/combining] his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years .

The Institute of Public Administration , in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959 , recommended `` consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' .
the institute of public administration , in its report to the state fiscal study commission in 1959 , recommended `` [merging/combining] and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' .

The period of authoritarian rule has given way during the last decade or so to a democratic system that is still consolidating itself .
the period of authoritarian rule has given way during the last decade or so to a democratic system that is still [merging/combining] itself .

The Glosters attacking , taking and consolidating positions .
the glosters attacking , taking and [merging/combining] positions .

The emphasis in the first two years in the English classroom is on consolidating basic linguistic competence and ensuring that the pupils can read , comprehend and write effectively for a variety of purposes , including imaginative , argumentative and reflective writing .
the emphasis in the first two years in the english classroom is on [merging/combining] basic linguistic competence and ensuring that the pupils can read , comprehend and write effectively for a variety of purposes , including imaginative , argumentative and reflective writing .

As a result , American Can decided that relocation could provide the answer to consolidating its head office activities and could also meet the company 's need to be more centrally based in larger , more suitable accommodation .
as a result , american can decided that relocation could provide the answer to [merging/combining] its head office activities and could also meet the company 's need to be more centrally based in larger , more suitable accommodation .

Since then , the number has continued to increase , with the Big Four consolidating their lead in top-level recruiting .
since then , the number has continued to increase , with the big four [merging/combining] their lead in top-level recruiting .

Instead of a genet locally consolidating its occupancy of a site , individual stolons wander as linear extensions of the genet into surrounding vegetation .
instead of a genet locally [merging/combining] its occupancy of a site , individual stolons wander as linear extensions of the genet into surrounding vegetation .

Reminiscence work , as explored by Coleman ( 1986 ) shows a way of consolidating life , by drawing on past experiences to savour them again .
reminiscence work , as explored by coleman ( 1986 ) shows a way of [merging/combining] life , by drawing on past experiences to savour them again .

Acland placed himself at the head of the ‘ moral renaissance ’ , consolidating a personal following built around his best-selling books and endless public meetings into a loose organization called ‘ Forward March ’ .
acland placed himself at the head of the ‘ moral renaissance ’ , [merging/combining] a personal following built around his best-selling books and endless public meetings into a loose organization called ‘ forward march ’ .

Obviously , when it comes to consolidating the divisions , adjustments will have to be made .
obviously , when it comes to [merging/combining] the divisions , adjustments will have to be made .

In the dim and distant past consolidating multicompany accounts meant shuffling and shifting a great many pieces of paper .
in the dim and distant past [merging/combining] multicompany accounts meant shuffling and shifting a great many pieces of paper .

There is also a separate consolidating statute , the Social Security Administration Act 1992 , which deals with the administration of the statutory schemes .
there is also a separate [merging/combining] statute , the social security administration act 1992 , which deals with the administration of the statutory schemes .

This was the artisan middle-class family consolidating itself : make sure that the boys learn a craft or enter the professions , marry the girls off as well as you can — give them all , as they say , a better chance in life than you ever had yourself .
this was the artisan middle-class family [merging/combining] itself : make sure that the boys learn a craft or enter the professions , marry the girls off as well as you can — give them all , as they say , a better chance in life than you ever had yourself .

There were ways of consolidating and improving upon the status acquired by being a rich and successful industrialist — like providing a solid and traditional education for one 's sons , and a prudent marriage for one 's daughters .
there were ways of [merging/combining] and improving upon the status acquired by being a rich and successful industrialist — like providing a solid and traditional education for one 's sons , and a prudent marriage for one 's daughters .

The Consorzio Venezia Nuova has already been active for some time in redesigning the network of channels in the lagoon , consolidating the barene ( patches of mud flat just above the surface of the water ) and other similar measures .
the consorzio venezia nuova has already been active for some time in redesigning the network of channels in the lagoon , [merging/combining] the barene ( patches of mud flat just above the surface of the water ) and other similar measures .

In The Search , your students will identify with the fortunes of Peter , while consolidating new language .
in the search , your students will identify with the fortunes of peter , while [merging/combining] new language .

did not belong to Stratford , but to the cooperative movement as a whole … He was firmly convinced that it was only by consolidating working class effort to meet capitalist effort that they would win through to salvation … People had been forced to combine for their own salvation .
did not belong to stratford , but to the cooperative movement as a whole … he was firmly convinced that it was only by [merging/combining] working class effort to meet capitalist effort that they would win through to salvation … people had been forced to combine for their own salvation .

Despite the many difficulties which would have to be faced in consolidating the hospitals only two of the twenty-four members of staff whom Best interviewed felt that there was little value in taking the study further : ‘ Rather the majority felt that the integration of Goodmayes and Claybury represented a tangible , largely desirable and far from impossible objective to achieve ’ .
despite the many difficulties which would have to be faced in [merging/combining] the hospitals only two of the twenty-four members of staff whom best interviewed felt that there was little value in taking the study further : ‘ rather the majority felt that the integration of goodmayes and claybury represented a tangible , largely desirable and far from impossible objective to achieve ’ .

The following two seasons saw a steady improvement in team performance , consolidating their fourteenth position from the previous season and finishing a creditable ninth ( out of ten ) in 36/37 .
the following two seasons saw a steady improvement in team performance , [merging/combining] their fourteenth position from the previous season and finishing a creditable ninth ( out of ten ) in 36/37 .

By contrast , the Conservative party was very active in the villages , establishing Associations for both men and women and thereby consolidating the party 's general hold over the area despite the changed socio-economic context .
by contrast , the conservative party was very active in the villages , establishing associations for both men and women and thereby [merging/combining] the party 's general hold over the area despite the changed socio-economic context .

The conditions for establishing and consolidating Athenian-style democracy were absent .
the conditions for establishing and [merging/combining] athenian-style democracy were absent .

In a similar way , the circumstance that the Catholic Church in the Middle Ages formed its hierarchy out of the best brains in the land , regardless of their estate , birth or fortune , was one of the principal means of consolidating ecclesiastical rule and suppressing the laity .
in a similar way , the circumstance that the catholic church in the middle ages formed its hierarchy out of the best brains in the land , regardless of their estate , birth or fortune , was one of the principal means of [merging/combining] ecclesiastical rule and suppressing the laity .

Whilst the Habsburgs were consolidating their power in central Europe they were confronted on the east by Hungary and in the south by the Venetian republic .
whilst the habsburgs were [merging/combining] their power in central europe they were confronted on the east by hungary and in the south by the venetian republic .

The main legislation relating to the care of children is the consolidating Child Care Act of 1980 , the Children Acts of 1948 and 1975 and the Children and Young persons Acts of 1933 , 1963 and 1969 .
the main legislation relating to the care of children is the [merging/combining] child care act of 1980 , the children acts of 1948 and 1975 and the children and young persons acts of 1933 , 1963 and 1969 .

The Child Care Act of 1980 was a consolidating Act replacing the Children Act 1948 .
the child care act of 1980 was a [merging/combining] act replacing the children act 1948 .

The basic principles of the 1983 consolidating Act remain the same as those of the 1959 Act : to provide treatment and care of the mentally disordered on an informal basis and in the community , wherever possible .
the basic principles of the 1983 [merging/combining] act remain the same as those of the 1959 act : to provide treatment and care of the mentally disordered on an informal basis and in the community , wherever possible .

My Lords , the code which first made it a criminal offence to drive a motor vehicle with an amount of alcohol in the body exceeding a fixed statutory limit ( introduced by the Road Safety Act 1967 and re-enacted in the consolidating Road Traffic Act 1972 ) was found in course of judicial construction to have been drafted in a way which afforded to many drunken drivers a variety of wholly unmeritorious avenues of escape from conviction .
my lords , the code which first made it a criminal offence to drive a motor vehicle with an amount of alcohol in the body exceeding a fixed statutory limit ( introduced by the road safety act 1967 and re-enacted in the [merging/combining] road traffic act 1972 ) was found in course of judicial construction to have been drafted in a way which afforded to many drunken drivers a variety of wholly unmeritorious avenues of escape from conviction .

It was repealed by the Housing ( Consequential Provisions ) Act 1985 which came into force on 1 April 1986 , as did the Housing Act 1985 which is a consolidating Act .
it was repealed by the housing ( consequential provisions ) act 1985 which came into force on 1 april 1986 , as did the housing act 1985 which is a [merging/combining] act .

‘ ( 1 ) The re-enactment of provisions in the consolidating Acts , and the consequent repeal of those provisions by this Act , does not affect the continuity of the law .
‘ ( 1 ) the re-enactment of provisions in the [merging/combining] acts , and the consequent repeal of those provisions by this act , does not affect the continuity of the law .

( 2 ) Anything done … or having effect as done , under a provision reproduced in the consolidating Acts has effect as if done under the corresponding provision of the consolidating Acts .
( 2 ) anything done … or having effect as done , under a provision reproduced in the [merging/combining] acts has effect as if done under the corresponding provision of the [merging/combining] acts .

‘ 1 ( 1 ) The general rule is that the provisions of the consolidating Acts apply , in accordance with section 2 of this Act ( continuity of the law ) , to matters arising before the commencement of those Acts as to matters arising after that commencement .
‘ 1 ( 1 ) the general rule is that the provisions of the [merging/combining] acts apply , in accordance with section 2 of this act ( continuity of the law ) , to matters arising before the commencement of those acts as to matters arising after that commencement .

… ( 4 ) The general rule does not apply so far as a provision of the consolidating Acts gives effect to an amendment ( in pursuance of a recommendation of the Law Commission and , in some cases , the Scottish Law Commission ) .
… ( 4 ) the general rule does not apply so far as a provision of the [merging/combining] acts gives effect to an amendment ( in pursuance of a recommendation of the law commission and , in some cases , the scottish law commission ) .

The Consolidating Team — Personal interaction is established on a cooperative basis , the task is clarified , objectives agreed and tentative procedures implemented .
the [merging/combining] team — personal interaction is established on a cooperative basis , the task is clarified , objectives agreed and tentative procedures implemented .

In the era of austerity , consolidating the welfare state had required strong political backing , something that was a long time in coming until depression and war eventually mobilised these forces .
in the era of austerity , [merging/combining] the welfare state had required strong political backing , something that was a long time in coming until depression and war eventually mobilised these forces .

Moving on to the lending market , he pointed out that this is consolidating , since some lenders were perceived as duplicating the efforts of the parents .
moving on to the lending market , he pointed out that this is [merging/combining] , since some lenders were perceived as duplicating the efforts of the parents .

He had begun building a water-powered factory and consolidating his landed estate by purchase .
he had begun building a water-powered factory and [merging/combining] his landed estate by purchase .

Potentially important information can be lost in consolidating the balance sheets of just two funds .
potentially important information can be lost in [merging/combining] the balance sheets of just two funds .

Williams continued to gather public support throughout 1954 , ( also the year that Learie Constantine returned after 30 years in England ) , and it seems that he was now consolidating his position in preparation for a decisive political move , but while he was still involved with the Caribbean Commission in an apolitical capacity , this move would be put on hold .
williams continued to gather public support throughout 1954 , ( also the year that learie constantine returned after 30 years in england ) , and it seems that he was now [merging/combining] his position in preparation for a decisive political move , but while he was still involved with the caribbean commission in an apolitical capacity , this move would be put on hold .

Just as it was consolidating its gains , however , the Party was forced to make another somersault , which largely destroyed the advantages it had secured through the various Unity campaigns .
just as it was [merging/combining] its gains , however , the party was forced to make another somersault , which largely destroyed the advantages it had secured through the various unity campaigns .

Though there have been some disappointments , the Greens in this country and in Europe are very far from extinct , and are consolidating and reforming themselves to be more effective .
though there have been some disappointments , the greens in this country and in europe are very far from extinct , and are [merging/combining] and reforming themselves to be more effective .

The first duty of the conqueror , he wrote , ‘ is to maintain his domination and to assure that it will last ; everything is good which has the effect of consolidating and guaranteeing it , everything is bad that may weaken or compromise it ’ .
the first duty of the conqueror , he wrote , ‘ is to maintain his domination and to assure that it will last ; everything is good which has the effect of [merging/combining] and guaranteeing it , everything is bad that may weaken or compromise it ’ .

Pham Van Dong in Paris , as well as Giap in Hanoi , had a comparable distrust of French intentions and , since elections of a kind had been held in January 1946 , the Vietminh had been busy consolidating communist power at the centre of a nationalist movement which , in its external aspect , impressed many observers with its moderation .
pham van dong in paris , as well as giap in hanoi , had a comparable distrust of french intentions and , since elections of a kind had been held in january 1946 , the vietminh had been busy [merging/combining] communist power at the centre of a nationalist movement which , in its external aspect , impressed many observers with its moderation .

The tariff policy therefore carried with it the last hope of consolidating the Empire and the last hope of reversing the drift into class politics ; as a pessimist , Law saw further ahead than most of his contemporaries , and events proved him to be more nearly right than they were .
the tariff policy therefore carried with it the last hope of [merging/combining] the empire and the last hope of reversing the drift into class politics ; as a pessimist , law saw further ahead than most of his contemporaries , and events proved him to be more nearly right than they were .

Once the council had recognized Gloucester as protector , the duke set about consolidating his position by dismantling the power of the Woodvilles and their allies .
once the council had recognized gloucester as protector , the duke set about [merging/combining] his position by dismantling the power of the woodvilles and their allies .

The defeat of Turkey in the War of 1768–74 , therefore , marked a major step in consolidating Russia 's southern flank .
the defeat of turkey in the war of 1768–74 , therefore , marked a major step in [merging/combining] russia 's southern flank .

In taking steps to tighten control over the peasantry and the zemstvos , the government saw itself consolidating the alliance between State and nobility .
in taking steps to tighten control over the peasantry and the zemstvos , the government saw itself [merging/combining] the alliance between state and nobility .

Henry 's clerks had perceived the important truth that asking the right questions was the path to consolidating gains .
henry 's clerks had perceived the important truth that asking the right questions was the path to [merging/combining] gains .

Within south Korea policy should be aimed at consolidating democratic groups and drawing them into the military administration .
within south korea policy should be aimed at [merging/combining] democratic groups and drawing them into the military administration .

The Soviet press was already castigating American policy in Japan for condoning a recovery by Japanese capitalists with the ultimate purpose of consolidating the American hold on Japan . An article in the Soviet defence publication , Red Fleet , in January 1948 commented :
the soviet press was already castigating american policy in japan for condoning a recovery by japanese capitalists with the ultimate purpose of [merging/combining] the american hold on japan . an article in the soviet defence publication , red fleet , in january 1948 commented :

Break up the concrete and lift slabs . Some of the rubble can be used for consolidating soft spots later
break up the concrete and lift slabs . some of the rubble can be used for [merging/combining] soft spots later

The year proceeded very much in line with the School Academic Plan , which placed emphasis on consolidating our position , following the establishment of the Schools three years ago and the relatively rapid expansion in student numbers which followed thereafter .
the year proceeded very much in line with the school academic plan , which placed emphasis on [merging/combining] our position , following the establishment of the schools three years ago and the relatively rapid expansion in student numbers which followed thereafter .

In the fourth year , in addition to consolidating their command of the language , students choose from a menu of options which cover topics ranging from the earliest texts in German to the work of contemporary writers and including some study of art and film .
in the fourth year , in addition to [merging/combining] their command of the language , students choose from a menu of options which cover topics ranging from the earliest texts in german to the work of contemporary writers and including some study of art and film .

Once the council had recognized Gloucester as protector , the duke set about consolidating his position by dismantling the power of the Woodvilles and their allies .
once the council had recognized gloucester as protector , the duke set about [merging/combining] his position by dismantling the power of the woodvilles and their allies .

The Tory Chief Whip , David Margesson , ended his agony by moving the adjournment , and the corridors were filled with yelling , scurrying , frantic men , taking up their cliques and groupings , pooling their opinions , consolidating .
the tory chief whip , david margesson , ended his agony by moving the adjournment , and the corridors were filled with yelling , scurrying , frantic men , taking up their cliques and groupings , pooling their opinions , [merging/combining] .

Either wait until the work in progress is completed or try consolidating the DCs into a fewer number of DCs .
either wait until the work in progress is completed or try [merging/combining] the dcs into a fewer number of dcs .

Fortified by the lull , Iraq 's President Saddam Hussein is consolidating his control at home and dabbling cautiously in some new adventures abroad .
fortified by the lull , iraq 's president saddam hussein is [merging/combining] his control at home and dabbling cautiously in some new adventures abroad .

Although retaining its majority shareholding in development banks offering specialized loans , the government claimed that proceeds from the sale of its majority shareholding in others would be used to reduce the fiscal deficit and the burden of internal debt while consolidating the recovery of the economy .
although retaining its majority shareholding in development banks offering specialized loans , the government claimed that proceeds from the sale of its majority shareholding in others would be used to reduce the fiscal deficit and the burden of internal debt while [merging/combining] the recovery of the economy .

Miliutin , architect of the St Petersburg municipal reform of 1846 , was head of the Economic Department of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and potentially the most influential of the `` enlightened bureaucrats `` who had been consolidating their links with each other since the end of the 1830s . ``
miliutin , architect of the st petersburg municipal reform of 1846 , was head of the economic department of the ministry of internal affairs and potentially the most influential of the `` enlightened bureaucrats `` who had been [merging/combining] their links with each other since the end of the 1830s . ``

Corps feels that with all the losses they must have taken , the Germans will almost certainly be consolidating tomorrow .
corps feels that with all the losses they must have taken , the germans will almost certainly be [merging/combining] tomorrow .

‘ And we 're consolidating along prepared positions here .
‘ and we 're [merging/combining] along prepared positions here .

Another consolidating feature of the work on show is an apparent preoccupation with the relationship between creativity , subjectivity and identity — a concern developed in the psychoanalytic writing of Julia Kristeva — suggesting that the activity of creatively reworking existing cultural codes is inescapably interwoven with the processes underpinning the formation and continuous realignment of our sense of self .
another [merging/combining] feature of the work on show is an apparent preoccupation with the relationship between creativity , subjectivity and identity — a concern developed in the psychoanalytic writing of julia kristeva — suggesting that the activity of creatively reworking existing cultural codes is inescapably interwoven with the processes underpinning the formation and continuous realignment of our sense of self .

He had the roads to Ruthyn and Denbigh under his eye from this eyrie , and Mold was not too far for a raid if the weather and the omens were good ; but since his active autumn of last year he had contented himself with holding and consolidating , and swooped down in the occasional raid along the border only to keep his hand in for greater things if the season should indicate the necessity .
he had the roads to ruthyn and denbigh under his eye from this eyrie , and mold was not too far for a raid if the weather and the omens were good ; but since his active autumn of last year he had contented himself with holding and [merging/combining] , and swooped down in the occasional raid along the border only to keep his hand in for greater things if the season should indicate the necessity .

We now are offering them help in consolidating their independence and rebuilding their economies .
we now are offering them help in [merging/combining] their independence and rebuilding their economies .

We are giving practical help in consolidating their independence , building up democratic systems of government and rebuilding their economies .
we are giving practical help in [merging/combining] their independence , building up democratic systems of government and rebuilding their economies .

This work is consolidating Johnson Matthey 's position as a world leader in precious metal refining .
this work is [merging/combining] johnson matthey 's position as a world leader in precious metal refining .

Once a three-way division had been agreed in principle , each of the three brothers spent the rest of the summer in consolidating his position where it seemed weakest .
once a three-way division had been agreed in principle , each of the three brothers spent the rest of the summer in [merging/combining] his position where it seemed weakest .

Despite the fact that he had not committed himself to the rising until the last moment , he was quickly consolidating the initiative he had taken in Morocco and was emerging as its sole leader .
despite the fact that he had not committed himself to the rising until the last moment , he was quickly [merging/combining] the initiative he had taken in morocco and was emerging as its sole leader .

In a sense , repressing all that was deemed to be inimical to the regime was the `` easy `` part of the task of consolidating the result of the Civil War .
in a sense , repressing all that was deemed to be inimical to the regime was the `` easy `` part of the task of [merging/combining] the result of the civil war .

In a sense , Franco had the United Nations to thank for consolidating his regime at the end of the Second World War .
in a sense , franco had the united nations to thank for [merging/combining] his regime at the end of the second world war .

Further prospects are being pursued by Tony Elliott in Malaysia , Indonesia , Vietnam and the Philippines , with a view t consolidating our position in South East Asia .
further prospects are being pursued by tony elliott in malaysia , indonesia , vietnam and the philippines , with a view t [merging/combining] our position in south east asia .

Despite Hekmatyar 's public avowal that his war was with the Uzbek militia and not with other mujaheddin groups , analysts were agreed that he had stepped up the military pressure against the government to prevent Rabbani from consolidating his position and marginalizing the Hezb-i-Islami .
despite hekmatyar 's public avowal that his war was with the uzbek militia and not with other mujaheddin groups , analysts were agreed that he had stepped up the military pressure against the government to prevent rabbani from [merging/combining] his position and marginalizing the hezb-i-islami .

The budget and finance ministries were combined , consolidating Finance and Public Credit Minister Pedro Aspe Armella 's control over the economy .
the budget and finance ministries were combined , [merging/combining] finance and public credit minister pedro aspe armella 's control over the economy .

On June 17 the Council of Ministers secured from trade union representatives an agreement consolidating a no-strike understanding reached on June 9 , which had brought a return to work on June 10 .
on june 17 the council of ministers secured from trade union representatives an agreement [merging/combining] a no-strike understanding reached on june 9 , which had brought a return to work on june 10 .

In line with this philosophy , the Fourth Plan ( 1962 – 66 ) and the Fifth Plan ( 1966 – 70 ) gave highest priority to investing in the economy 's infrastructure , modernizing industrial equipment , and consolidating French businesses into larger and more competitive units .
in line with this philosophy , the fourth plan ( 1962 – 66 ) and the fifth plan ( 1966 – 70 ) gave highest priority to investing in the economy 's infrastructure , modernizing industrial equipment , and [merging/combining] french businesses into larger and more competitive units .

Customer service will be improved by consolidating packaging at three key sites — Leven , Glasgow and Kilmarnock .
customer service will be improved by [merging/combining] packaging at three key sites — leven , glasgow and kilmarnock .

Quick-on-the-uptake pro that she was fast becoming though , Kylie put a brave face on it as she began the slow — and often painful — process of consolidating her success .
quick-on-the-uptake pro that she was fast becoming though , kylie put a brave face on it as she began the slow — and often painful — process of [merging/combining] her success .

It may be noted that these acts were replaced by the Supreme Court of judicature ( Consolidation ) Act 1925 , which has itself now been replaced by the Supreme Court Act 1981 and by certain provisions in the Limitation Act 1980 ( consolidating earlier Limitation Acts ) .
it may be noted that these acts were replaced by the supreme court of judicature ( consolidation ) act 1925 , which has itself now been replaced by the supreme court act 1981 and by certain provisions in the limitation act 1980 ( [merging/combining] earlier limitation acts ) .

Previously the limit was £20 , but it was raised to £250 by the Insolvency Act 1976 , now replaced by the consolidating Insolvency Act 1986 .
previously the limit was £20 , but it was raised to £250 by the insolvency act 1976 , now replaced by the [merging/combining] insolvency act 1986 .

While his superstar peers make records with one ear cocked in anxious deference to pop currency , Prince alone behaves like an aristocrat , squandering the success he 's earned rather than consolidating the estate with cautious measures .
while his superstar peers make records with one ear cocked in anxious deference to pop currency , prince alone behaves like an aristocrat , squandering the success he 's earned rather than [merging/combining] the estate with cautious measures .

It has been suggested that sleep is a time when brain activity changes from one of acquiring , interpreting , and acting upon information obtained from the environment to one of consolidating daytime memories and experience .
it has been suggested that sleep is a time when brain activity changes from one of acquiring , interpreting , and acting upon information obtained from the environment to one of [merging/combining] daytime memories and experience .

The direct consequences of this dramatic political change differed in each state , but paralleled each other , consolidating each alliance 's power .
the direct consequences of this dramatic political change differed in each state , but paralleled each other , [merging/combining] each alliance 's power .

There was , too , some interesting evidence affecting secondary education and consolidating the probability that a restrictive eleven-plus throttled back talent .
there was , too , some interesting evidence affecting secondary education and [merging/combining] the probability that a restrictive eleven-plus throttled back talent .

The Housing of the Working Classes Act , 1890 , unified previous housing legislation and remained the principal Housing Act until the consolidating Act of 1925 .
the housing of the working classes act , 1890 , unified previous housing legislation and remained the principal housing act until the [merging/combining] act of 1925 .

One was the need for reassurance in a world of visibly consolidating Great Powers — from the United States in the West to the Teutonic and Slav empires in Europe and the East .
one was the need for reassurance in a world of visibly [merging/combining] great powers — from the united states in the west to the teutonic and slav empires in europe and the east .

Some of the materials in this area seemed to have the purpose of padding out the exhibition , whilst at the same time fulfilling the traditional function of consolidating the achievements of the founding group whose significance it was the purpose of the exhibition to celebrate .
some of the materials in this area seemed to have the purpose of padding out the exhibition , whilst at the same time fulfilling the traditional function of [merging/combining] the achievements of the founding group whose significance it was the purpose of the exhibition to celebrate .

Occasionally , in the interim period while he was still unattached on the side , he talked of consolidating his marriage .
occasionally , in the interim period while he was still unattached on the side , he talked of [merging/combining] his marriage .

Since the mid-1980s he has produced some thirteen books of aerial photography , consolidating his position as the world 's leading exponent of such work .
since the mid-1980s he has produced some thirteen books of aerial photography , [merging/combining] his position as the world 's leading exponent of such work .

Spanish Christendom thus enjoyed a respite and Alfonso lost no time in consolidating his battered forces .
spanish christendom thus enjoyed a respite and alfonso lost no time in [merging/combining] his battered forces .

Some of these mudflows rushed through Herculaneum and engulfed it completely ; crushing some buildings and smothering the rest twenty metres deep in a slowly consolidating welter of mud , pumice , boulders and debris .
some of these mudflows rushed through herculaneum and engulfed it completely ; crushing some buildings and smothering the rest twenty metres deep in a slowly [merging/combining] welter of mud , pumice , boulders and debris .

Meanwhile Kent and Nord-Pas-de-Calais were consolidating their relationship with regular meetings at member and officer level which culminated in the protocole d'accord , or draft treaty , signed at Leeds Castle on April 24 1987 .
meanwhile kent and nord-pas-de-calais were [merging/combining] their relationship with regular meetings at member and officer level which culminated in the protocole d'accord , or draft treaty , signed at leeds castle on april 24 1987 .

Other companies might have been prepared to rest on the laurels earned by the Clio and spend 1992 consolidating .
other companies might have been prepared to rest on the laurels earned by the clio and spend 1992 [merging/combining] .

At a time when most companies are consolidating their positions , Spaceway South have found it profitable helping other companies make the most of their available space .
at a time when most companies are [merging/combining] their positions , spaceway south have found it profitable helping other companies make the most of their available space .

The department is also responsible for consolidating all the business plans and presenting the resulting total corporate plan and the strategic implications of the total plan to senior management .
the department is also responsible for [merging/combining] all the business plans and presenting the resulting total corporate plan and the strategic implications of the total plan to senior management .

The ostensible reason for consolidating these activities was “ to protect the health of the city of New Orleans. ” 8 The Act was entitled : “ An act to protect the health of the city of New Orleans , to locate the stock-landings and slaughter-houses , and to incorporate the Crescent City Live-Stock Landing and Slaughter-House Company. ” The Act named seventeen people who were entitled to exercise the privileges of the incorporated company , and , further , it imposed fines for every violation of the patent .
the ostensible reason for [merging/combining] these activities was “ to protect the health of the city of new orleans. ” 8 the act was entitled : “ an act to protect the health of the city of new orleans , to locate the stock-landings and slaughter-houses , and to incorporate the crescent city live-stock landing and slaughter-house company. ” the act named seventeen people who were entitled to exercise the privileges of the incorporated company , and , further , it imposed fines for every violation of the patent .

A new constitution consolidating liberal reforms was drawn up , and approved by a referendum held in 1961 .
a new constitution [merging/combining] liberal reforms was drawn up , and approved by a referendum held in 1961 .

With the Bolshevik revolution of 1917 , perhaps half a million Russian émigrés fled through Siberia to Harbin , consolidating the Russian appearance of the city with more pastel-colored stucco houses and churches with onion domes .
with the bolshevik revolution of 1917 , perhaps half a million russian émigrés fled through siberia to harbin , [merging/combining] the russian appearance of the city with more pastel-colored stucco houses and churches with onion domes .

Consolidating control over the rest of the country , though , was a long and brutal business .
[merging/combining] control over the rest of the country , though , was a long and brutal business .

As part of an overall strategy to reduce the cost of finance and better support business objectives , many leading organizations have reduced the number of staff required to perform routine transaction processing activities by eliminating or streamlining inefficient processes and/or consolidating these activities at shared services centers .
as part of an overall strategy to reduce the cost of finance and better support business objectives , many leading organizations have reduced the number of staff required to perform routine transaction processing activities by eliminating or streamlining inefficient processes and/or [merging/combining] these activities at shared services centers .

In practice 5 of this guide , we discussed how leading organizations reduced the number of resources required to perform financial management activities by ( 1 ) consolidating activities at a shared service center and ( 2 ) eliminating or streamlining duplicative or inefficient processes .
in practice 5 of this guide , we discussed how leading organizations reduced the number of resources required to perform financial management activities by ( 1 ) [merging/combining] activities at a shared service center and ( 2 ) eliminating or streamlining duplicative or inefficient processes .

State of Illinois The Illinois Department of Human Services ( IDHS ) was created in 1997 by consolidating three human services agencies , one of which was the Illinois Department of Public Aid ( IDPA ) , and parts of three others .
state of illinois the illinois department of human services ( idhs ) was created in 1997 by [merging/combining] three human services agencies , one of which was the illinois department of public aid ( idpa ) , and parts of three others .

One example is the 1981 legislation consolidating many small categorical grants into larger block grants , the funds for which could be spent very flexibly .
one example is the 1981 legislation [merging/combining] many small categorical grants into larger block grants , the funds for which could be spent very flexibly .

Mailers are now presorting their mail , barcoding their mail , changing flat-size pieces into letter-size pieces , consolidating their mail , and carrying their mail great distances in order to enter it at specific locations .
mailers are now presorting their mail , barcoding their mail , changing flat-size pieces into letter-size pieces , [merging/combining] their mail , and carrying their mail great distances in order to enter it at specific locations .

From KSM 's perspective , Bin Ladin was in the process of consolidating his new position in Afghanistan while hearing out others ' ideas , and had not yet settled on an agenda for future anti-U.S. operations .
from ksm 's perspective , bin ladin was in the process of [merging/combining] his new position in afghanistan while hearing out others ' ideas , and had not yet settled on an agenda for future anti-u.s. operations .

Cowling thinks that by consolidating mountainous megawilderness under the project 's plan and protecting spatial transitions between fire-prone areas and those that resist fire , managers could move toward allowance of natural fire regimes .
cowling thinks that by [merging/combining] mountainous megawilderness under the project 's plan and protecting spatial transitions between fire-prone areas and those that resist fire , managers could move toward allowance of natural fire regimes .

The Washington Post goes with Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde 's comment Tuesday -- apparently driven by his desire to finish by the end of the year -- that he might narrow the impeachment inquiry by consolidating or dropping some of the 15 potential charges described last week by his committee 's chief investigator .
the washington post goes with judiciary chairman henry hyde 's comment tuesday -- apparently driven by his desire to finish by the end of the year -- that he might narrow the impeachment inquiry by [merging/combining] or dropping some of the 15 potential charges described last week by his committee 's chief investigator .

At worst , he was a cold and cunning strategist without a glimmer of moral doubt , a man as happy to humiliate his friends , even execute them , as he is to commit mass murder -- all in the name of consolidating power .
at worst , he was a cold and cunning strategist without a glimmer of moral doubt , a man as happy to humiliate his friends , even execute them , as he is to commit mass murder -- all in the name of [merging/combining] power .

The Independent of London said that Megawati 's appointment `` offers her bruised and fragile country its best hope of consolidating its infant democracy . ''
the independent of london said that megawati 's appointment `` offers her bruised and fragile country its best hope of [merging/combining] its infant democracy . ''

Consolidating some 60 federal education programs into five categories is n't a bad idea , either .
[merging/combining] some 60 federal education programs into five categories is n't a bad idea , either .

The book 's value lies less in the anecdotes than in what it has to tell us about how one of the biggest entertainment deals went awry at a time when the industry was consolidating everywhere , heading toward domination by a mere six or eight multinational companies -- all of which face the headache of competing fiefdoms .
the book 's value lies less in the anecdotes than in what it has to tell us about how one of the biggest entertainment deals went awry at a time when the industry was [merging/combining] everywhere , heading toward domination by a mere six or eight multinational companies -- all of which face the headache of competing fiefdoms .

Aetna waited six months after its acquisition of U.S. Healthcare to announce that it was cutting 4,400 jobs and consolidating its 44 national service centers into 12 regional centers .
aetna waited six months after its acquisition of u.s. healthcare to announce that it was cutting 4,400 jobs and [merging/combining] its 44 national service centers into 12 regional centers .

By consolidating options and information on their Web sites , the malls command your attention and direct you to their stores .
by [merging/combining] options and information on their web sites , the malls command your attention and direct you to their stores .

The world auto industry is consolidating into GM and Ford in the United States , DaimlerChrysler and Volkswagen ( which appears to be buying Rolls Royce ) in Europe , and Toyota and Honda in Japan .
the world auto industry is [merging/combining] into gm and ford in the united states , daimlerchrysler and volkswagen ( which appears to be buying rolls royce ) in europe , and toyota and honda in japan .

Born Joseph Désiré Mobutu in 1930 , he changed his name , after consolidating his dictatorship , to `` Mobutu Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu wa za Banga . ''
born joseph désiré mobutu in 1930 , he changed his name , after [merging/combining] his dictatorship , to `` mobutu sese seko kuku ngbendu wa za banga . ''

Owing to the marvels of computer technology , coupled with the foresight of the government programmers who set up the source databases and the expertise of present-day programmers who devised means of accurately consolidating several different sources , an enormous amount of data ( 140,520,000 characters of text ) was integrated , sorted , and typeset in about six months .
owing to the marvels of computer technology , coupled with the foresight of the government programmers who set up the source databases and the expertise of present-day programmers who devised means of accurately [merging/combining] several different sources , an enormous amount of data ( 140,520,000 characters of text ) was integrated , sorted , and typeset in about six months .

