High-speed buses on the George Washington Memorial Parkway , operating between downtown Washington and Cabin John , Glen Echo and Brookmont , would constitute an alluring sample of what the new National Capital Transportation Agency can do for this city .
high-speed buses on the george washington memorial parkway , operating between downtown washington and cabin john , glen echo and brookmont , would [form] an alluring sample of what the new national capital transportation agency can do for this city .

Watson-Watt's remarks in SR did not then , constitute a review of the book but a rebuttal to the Godkin Lectures .
watson-watt's remarks in sr did not then , [form] a review of the book but a rebuttal to the godkin lectures .

the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` Catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation '' ; ;
the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will [form] almost one-third of the house of lords in the next generation '' ; ;

Insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate , trans-political justifications for their existence , such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's .
insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which [form] ultimate , trans-political justifications for their existence , such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's .

For me , a changed barrel length or an improved stock doesn't constitute a truly new design .
for me , a changed barrel length or an improved stock doesn't [form] a truly new design .

Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .
whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which [form] each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .

The emergence of the crisis itself would seem to constitute a warranty for the victory of disorder .
the emergence of the crisis itself would seem to [form] a warranty for the victory of disorder .

The Rooseveltian America was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to constitute the last best hope for civilization .
the rooseveltian america was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to [form] the last best hope for civilization .

The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth .
the stars [form] an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth .

Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses .
richards' view of the aesthetic experience might [form] a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses .

This reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence .
this reading and the comments that it evoked [form] the influence .

Occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations .
occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not [form] the only component in goals and aspirations .

As the total number of incepting bachelors in 1629 was , according to Masson ( Life , 1:218 ) and n , two hundred fifty-nine , the twenty-four names listed in the ordo senioritatis for that year constitute slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then incepted .
as the total number of incepting bachelors in 1629 was , according to masson ( life , 1:218 ) and n , two hundred fifty-nine , the twenty-four names listed in the ordo senioritatis for that year [form] slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then incepted .

Besides its historical significance as a break with the centuries-old tradition of British insularity , Britain's move , if successful , will constitute an historic landmark of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of Europe and the Western world .
besides its historical significance as a break with the centuries-old tradition of british insularity , britain's move , if successful , will [form] an historic landmark of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of europe and the western world .

The number of countries thus favorably situated is small , but their peoples constitute over half of the population of the underdeveloped world .
the number of countries thus favorably situated is small , but their peoples [form] over half of the population of the underdeveloped world .

It is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads , and 80,000 miles of trails , constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood , water , forage , and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis .
it is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads , and 80,000 miles of trails , [form] the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood , water , forage , and wildlife and recreation resources of the national forests on a continuing basis .

Two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of selection -- one for the selection of Fellows from Canada , the United States , and the English-speaking Caribbean area and one for the selection of Fellows from the Latin American republics and the Republic of the Philippines .
two committees of members of the advisory board [form] the committees of selection -- one for the selection of fellows from canada , the united states , and the english-speaking caribbean area and one for the selection of fellows from the latin american republics and the republic of the philippines .

To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows .
to the members of our advisory board , and most specially to its members who [form] our committees of selection , the foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of fellows .

these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the Earth .
these figures [form] the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the earth .

In this instance , because of incomplete septation , the secondary lobule does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1 .
in this instance , because of incomplete septation , the secondary lobule does not [form] in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1 .

The religious symbolism , and especially the closely related rites and worship forms , constitute a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith .
the religious symbolism , and especially the closely related rites and worship forms , [form] a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith .

in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words .
in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds [form] forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words .

These two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage .
these two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form [form] the table of dictionary usage .

Changes in the basic wage rate are cost-raising , and they constitute an argument for raising prices .
changes in the basic wage rate are cost-raising , and they [form] an argument for raising prices .

The accused did not object to the trial court's charge to the jury that discourse `` may constitute a breach of the peace if it stirs the public to anger , invites dispute , brings about a condition of unrest .
the accused did not object to the trial court's charge to the jury that discourse `` may [form] a breach of the peace if it stirs the public to anger , invites dispute , brings about a condition of unrest .

It is an accepted juridical principle in California that a Superior Court decision does not constitute a binding legal precedent .
it is an accepted juridical principle in california that a superior court decision does not [form] a binding legal precedent .

An impoverished home that may discourage one child may constitute the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school .
an impoverished home that may discourage one child may [form] the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school .

There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .
there are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to [form] `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .

`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .
`` an optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must [form] an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .

If the attempt is successful , it would constitute a unique occurrence , not a record .
if the attempt is successful , it would [form] a unique occurrence , not a record .

If the attempt is successful , it would constitute a unique occurrence , not a record .
if the attempt is successful , it would [form] a unique occurrence , not a record .

As far as he 's aware , Freddie is quite harmless and does n't constitute a health hazard .
as far as he 's aware , freddie is quite harmless and does n't [form] a health hazard .

For some the answer to this is the ethnic minorities that constitute a significant part of Romania 's population .
for some the answer to this is the ethnic minorities that [form] a significant part of romania 's population .

‘ Editorial and lay members constitute the commission .
‘ editorial and lay members [form] the commission .

Peter admits his looks make him a target for casuals , the designer thugs who constitute one element in urban violence .
peter admits his looks make him a target for casuals , the designer thugs who [form] one element in urban violence .

If so , evil intent was sufficiently established for those blows to constitute assault in the absence of evidence of justification or any other exonerating factor .
if so , evil intent was sufficiently established for those blows to [form] assault in the absence of evidence of justification or any other exonerating factor .

He said his programme , coupled with radical changes to the disciplinary system and recommendations from the Sheehy Inquiry , which is due to report on rank , pay and conditions of service in May , would constitute ‘ the most important reform of the police service for 30 years ’ .
he said his programme , coupled with radical changes to the disciplinary system and recommendations from the sheehy inquiry , which is due to report on rank , pay and conditions of service in may , would [form] ‘ the most important reform of the police service for 30 years ’ .

He said his programme , coupled with radical changes to the disciplinary system and recommendations from the Sheehy Inquiry , which is due to report on rank , pay and conditions of service in May , would constitute ‘ the most important reform of the police service for 30 years ’ .
he said his programme , coupled with radical changes to the disciplinary system and recommendations from the sheehy inquiry , which is due to report on rank , pay and conditions of service in may , would [form] ‘ the most important reform of the police service for 30 years ’ .

But they scarcely constitute a full toolkit for the 21st century .
but they scarcely [form] a full toolkit for the 21st century .

Kelly , however , ventured the opinion that asking the manager for a statement on where the club were headed did not constitute a threat to Brady 's position .
kelly , however , ventured the opinion that asking the manager for a statement on where the club were headed did not [form] a threat to brady 's position .

‘ We have begun to lose our confidence in our institutions , the traditions and bodies that constitute a very large part of the national culture — especially in the monarchy which a year ago appeared to be one of the unassailable certainties of British life . ’
‘ we have begun to lose our confidence in our institutions , the traditions and bodies that [form] a very large part of the national culture — especially in the monarchy which a year ago appeared to be one of the unassailable certainties of british life . ’

He said : ‘ This tragedy could have been avoided because the method of decanting used in an enclosed space with a direct source of ignition available and the use of an unsuitable type of hand lamp did not constitute a safe system of working . ’
he said : ‘ this tragedy could have been avoided because the method of decanting used in an enclosed space with a direct source of ignition available and the use of an unsuitable type of hand lamp did not [form] a safe system of working . ’

He avoids these people ( who seem to constitute most of the people he knows ! )
he avoids these people ( who seem to [form] most of the people he knows ! )

These regulations constitute a cost in that they prevent a larger number of deposits than would otherwise be the case , from being on lent .
these regulations [form] a cost in that they prevent a larger number of deposits than would otherwise be the case , from being on lent .

Of these four types of delivery , the first two ( a-b ) may be considered to constitute ‘ straightforward ’ deliveries , and the last two ‘ non-straightforward ’ deliveries .
of these four types of delivery , the first two ( a-b ) may be considered to [form] ‘ straightforward ’ deliveries , and the last two ‘ non-straightforward ’ deliveries .

In these countries , habits of payment by cheque are still in their infancy so that bank deposits constitute a relatively small proportion of the total money supply .
in these countries , habits of payment by cheque are still in their infancy so that bank deposits [form] a relatively small proportion of the total money supply .

One way of describing the ideal low-pass response depicted in figure 12.1 ( a ) is through the relation This suggested to Butterworth that where n is a large integer , ought to constitute a good response to synthesise from the point of view of creating high-performance low-pass filters .
one way of describing the ideal low-pass response depicted in figure 12.1 ( a ) is through the relation this suggested to butterworth that where n is a large integer , ought to [form] a good response to synthesise from the point of view of creating high-performance low-pass filters .

Any senior manager who recognises that difficult people constitute the most difficult part of their working life .
any senior manager who recognises that difficult people [form] the most difficult part of their working life .

) Which degrees of the musical scale constitute a minor seventh chord ? ( eg. 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 etc . )
) which degrees of the musical scale [form] a minor seventh chord ? ( eg. 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 etc . )

Yes , well , these comprise a group of four jack sockets on the back , and constitute a clever move on Boogie 's part .
yes , well , these comprise a group of four jack sockets on the back , and [form] a clever move on boogie 's part .

Plant-eaters normally constitute the majority of any population , so the threat of extinction comes when the carnivores start to gain upon the herbivores .
plant-eaters normally [form] the majority of any population , so the threat of extinction comes when the carnivores start to gain upon the herbivores .

The point has been well put by Vinit Haksar : ‘ Civil disobedience and non-cooperation , when conducted according to Gandhian principles , do not constitute a threat or coercion in any evil sense .
the point has been well put by vinit haksar : ‘ civil disobedience and non-cooperation , when conducted according to gandhian principles , do not [form] a threat or coercion in any evil sense .

Certain moral considerations are involved in his actions , yet they are not absolute in the sense that they are an infallible guide to conduct , or constitute a rule for which there can be no exception .
certain moral considerations are involved in his actions , yet they are not absolute in the sense that they are an infallible guide to conduct , or [form] a rule for which there can be no exception .

All the aquariums house bogwood with the Plecs , as they all graze on the wood , and it does seem to constitute an important part of their diet .
all the aquariums house bogwood with the plecs , as they all graze on the wood , and it does seem to [form] an important part of their diet .

It should therefore be obvious that the various physical and chemical components of our bodies do not constitute life .
it should therefore be obvious that the various physical and chemical components of our bodies do not [form] life .

They are produced by life and , though they do not constitute the animating principle , they are essential for the creative energy to manifest and function on the physical plane .
they are produced by life and , though they do not [form] the animating principle , they are essential for the creative energy to manifest and function on the physical plane .

The harmful environmental factors constitute the external factors in the production of disease ( its aetiology ) .
the harmful environmental factors [form] the external factors in the production of disease ( its aetiology ) .

In deciding the number of offences which should constitute ‘ repeated infringement ’ the referee should always apply a strict standard in representative and senior matches .
in deciding the number of offences which should [form] ‘ repeated infringement ’ the referee should always apply a strict standard in representative and senior matches .

Aggregated , they constitute the major part of ‘ our ’ crime problem .
aggregated , they [form] the major part of ‘ our ’ crime problem .

The unemployed are currently only ( sic ) 14 per cent of the available labour force , but they constitute approximately 40 per cent of those convicted .
the unemployed are currently only ( sic ) 14 per cent of the available labour force , but they [form] approximately 40 per cent of those convicted .

None the less , before galloping off down the ‘ law and order ’ campaign trail , it might be prudent to consider whether murder , rape , robbery , assault , and other crimes focused on by state officials , politicians , the media , and the criminal justice system do constitute the major part of our real crime problem .
none the less , before galloping off down the ‘ law and order ’ campaign trail , it might be prudent to consider whether murder , rape , robbery , assault , and other crimes focused on by state officials , politicians , the media , and the criminal justice system do [form] the major part of our real crime problem .

They constitute one , and only one way by which social control over subordinate , but ‘ resisting ’ , populations is exercised .
they [form] one , and only one way by which social control over subordinate , but ‘ resisting ’ , populations is exercised .

Although it is now clear that Sutherland 's attempt to fit , indeed squash , corporate crime into his theory of differential association has not proved comfortable , and that his concentration on the economic as opposed to the physical and social effects of corporate crime made his study too one-sided , it none the less did , at the time , constitute a rich legacy to bequeath to criminology .
although it is now clear that sutherland 's attempt to fit , indeed squash , corporate crime into his theory of differential association has not proved comfortable , and that his concentration on the economic as opposed to the physical and social effects of corporate crime made his study too one-sided , it none the less did , at the time , [form] a rich legacy to bequeath to criminology .

Have regard to the workload and the pressures on professional colleagues and subordinates and take appropriate action if these are seen to be such as to constitute abuse of the individual practitioner and/or to jeopardise safe standards of practice .
have regard to the workload and the pressures on professional colleagues and subordinates and take appropriate action if these are seen to be such as to [form] abuse of the individual practitioner and/or to jeopardise safe standards of practice .

It was these implications of the greater clarity introduced by the Geneva Protocols on the prohibition of indiscriminate weapons that led the British government , in addition to its general reservation excluding their applicability to nuclear weapons , to formulate further specific reservations in respect of what may constitute a military objective . As part of the clarification of the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks , Article 52 of the First Geneva Protocol provided :
it was these implications of the greater clarity introduced by the geneva protocols on the prohibition of indiscriminate weapons that led the british government , in addition to its general reservation excluding their applicability to nuclear weapons , to formulate further specific reservations in respect of what may [form] a military objective . as part of the clarification of the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks , article 52 of the first geneva protocol provided :

public support for the idea that any actual use of nuclear weapons would violate the international law of war and would constitute a crime against humanity , ;
public support for the idea that any actual use of nuclear weapons would violate the international law of war and would [form] a crime against humanity , ;

public support for the rule that a first use of nuclear weapons , even in a defensive mode in response to or in reasonable anticipation of a prior non-nuclear armed attack , would violate international law and would constitute a crime against humanity ;
public support for the rule that a first use of nuclear weapons , even in a defensive mode in response to or in reasonable anticipation of a prior non-nuclear armed attack , would violate international law and would [form] a crime against humanity ;

a definite consensus that second or retaliatory uses of nuclear weapons against cities and primarily civilian targets violate international law and constitute a crime against humanity ;
a definite consensus that second or retaliatory uses of nuclear weapons against cities and primarily civilian targets violate international law and [form] a crime against humanity ;

He said that considerations of humanity are no substitute for prohibitive rules of international law and , by themselves , do not constitute evidence of rules prohibiting the use of nuclear weapons .
he said that considerations of humanity are no substitute for prohibitive rules of international law and , by themselves , do not [form] evidence of rules prohibiting the use of nuclear weapons .

Thus we can see that there is a broad variety of approaches which we may group under the heading of ‘ natural law theories ’ because they all rely on something other than state law to constitute the valid rules of a legal system .
thus we can see that there is a broad variety of approaches which we may group under the heading of ‘ natural law theories ’ because they all rely on something other than state law to [form] the valid rules of a legal system .

Without entering into the fine detail of what is required for a system of institutional international law it is clear that merely historically-established conventions followed according to the discretion of the participants in international relationships between states is insufficient to constitute law and is better regarded as a form of anarchy .
without entering into the fine detail of what is required for a system of institutional international law it is clear that merely historically-established conventions followed according to the discretion of the participants in international relationships between states is insufficient to [form] law and is better regarded as a form of anarchy .

The Scrutiny Committee ( the Joint Select Committee on Statutory Instruments ) , latest in a line of successors to a House of Commons select committee first appointed in 1944 , is a committee of 14 ( 7 MPs and 7 peers ) , any 2 of whom constitute a quorum .
the scrutiny committee ( the joint select committee on statutory instruments ) , latest in a line of successors to a house of commons select committee first appointed in 1944 , is a committee of 14 ( 7 mps and 7 peers ) , any 2 of whom [form] a quorum .

Together , these two bodies constitute the bulk of legislative and executive authority within the Community .
together , these two bodies [form] the bulk of legislative and executive authority within the community .

Thus , the first 18 amendments to the Constitution of the United States of America , passed immediately upon its adoption , constitute the ‘ Bill of Rights ’ and contain , for example , guarantees of freedom of speech and due process of law which neither Congress nor even the president can override .
thus , the first 18 amendments to the constitution of the united states of america , passed immediately upon its adoption , [form] the ‘ bill of rights ’ and contain , for example , guarantees of freedom of speech and due process of law which neither congress nor even the president can override .

Whether the inhibition of news publishing by threat of contempt proceedings constitutes a denial of freedom of speech and whether the use a corporal punishment in schools can constitute a breach of Art.3 ( prohibiting torture , etc . )
whether the inhibition of news publishing by threat of contempt proceedings constitutes a denial of freedom of speech and whether the use a corporal punishment in schools can [form] a breach of art.3 ( prohibiting torture , etc . )

The only parts of the experimental area where there are no facilities for cyclists are in those residential streets that are sufficiently lightly and slowly trafficked as to constitute no danger to cyclists sharing the roadway with cars .
the only parts of the experimental area where there are no facilities for cyclists are in those residential streets that are sufficiently lightly and slowly trafficked as to [form] no danger to cyclists sharing the roadway with cars .

But snacks do not constitute meals .
but snacks do not [form] meals .

For any institution , it is likely that pupils ' attitudes will constitute a significant factor in the success or otherwise of the innovation .
for any institution , it is likely that pupils ' attitudes will [form] a significant factor in the success or otherwise of the innovation .

For the economic historian , as for the economist , services constitute the most enigmatic sector of the economy .
for the economic historian , as for the economist , services [form] the most enigmatic sector of the economy .

Even though the data derived from the Detailed Spectrum Investigation does not constitute a detailed analysis of the European situation , it is possible to draw some general conclusions .
even though the data derived from the detailed spectrum investigation does not [form] a detailed analysis of the european situation , it is possible to draw some general conclusions .

To achieve this the data requires varying degrees of manipulation if we are to understand the society whose everyday activities constitute the origins of the archaeological record .
to achieve this the data requires varying degrees of manipulation if we are to understand the society whose everyday activities [form] the origins of the archaeological record .

The principal hunting weapon may have been the bow and arrow ; arrows , as with all tools , are rare in early Anglo-Saxon cemeteries ; they are often viewed as weapons of warfare but constitute the most obvious hunting weapon amongst the range of artefacts and their rarity in cemeteries may only be a reflection of their importance to the community .
the principal hunting weapon may have been the bow and arrow ; arrows , as with all tools , are rare in early anglo-saxon cemeteries ; they are often viewed as weapons of warfare but [form] the most obvious hunting weapon amongst the range of artefacts and their rarity in cemeteries may only be a reflection of their importance to the community .

They assert that ‘ ideas alone , in the absence of action which violates the Criminal Law , do not constitute a crime . ’
they assert that ‘ ideas alone , in the absence of action which violates the criminal law , do not [form] a crime . ’

‘ Ideas alone do not constitute a crime ’ Chinese official
‘ ideas alone do not [form] a crime ’ chinese official

While the political literati lay waste to vast tracts of newsprint in their musings about the causes of Labour 's failure , and the shortcomings of the political system that compounded it , those people who constitute what ought to be the bedrock of oppositional electoral support are becoming increasingly alienated not only from the Labour Party , but from the entire political process .
while the political literati lay waste to vast tracts of newsprint in their musings about the causes of labour 's failure , and the shortcomings of the political system that compounded it , those people who [form] what ought to be the bedrock of oppositional electoral support are becoming increasingly alienated not only from the labour party , but from the entire political process .

Labour 's historic constituencies on this question no longer constitute a majority .
labour 's historic constituencies on this question no longer [form] a majority .

The cinematic trail to Unforgiven is long and winding , and the expression that crops up most often in describing the movies that constitute it is ‘ elegiac ’ .
the cinematic trail to unforgiven is long and winding , and the expression that crops up most often in describing the movies that [form] it is ‘ elegiac ’ .

Maoris now constitute only about nine per cent of the population of New Zealand , but as the earliest inhabitants they have intertwined all of New Zealand with their folklore , traditions and place-names .
maoris now [form] only about nine per cent of the population of new zealand , but as the earliest inhabitants they have intertwined all of new zealand with their folklore , traditions and place-names .

An open letter to the meeting by nine local doctors argued the factory would ‘ unfortunately constitute a definite health hazard to the existing local population and in the long term to their children … .
an open letter to the meeting by nine local doctors argued the factory would ‘ unfortunately [form] a definite health hazard to the existing local population and in the long term to their children … .

You should also consider those sherry receptions , which almost certainly constitute a ‘ sale ’ of intoxicating liquor to the delegates .
you should also consider those sherry receptions , which almost certainly [form] a ‘ sale ’ of intoxicating liquor to the delegates .

The amount of leather ( strides , biker boots , waistcoats ) on your average dancefloor would constitute a cow the size of North Wales .
the amount of leather ( strides , biker boots , waistcoats ) on your average dancefloor would [form] a cow the size of north wales .

Like Sartre , he sought to constitute Marxism as a form of truth , but attempted to prove its truth not through the dialectic of history but rather as a science , authenticating Marx 's ‘ immense theoretical revolution ’ epistemologically through a demonstration of its scientificity .
like sartre , he sought to [form] marxism as a form of truth , but attempted to prove its truth not through the dialectic of history but rather as a science , authenticating marx 's ‘ immense theoretical revolution ’ epistemologically through a demonstration of its scientificity .

In this schema the science of history consists of the problem of the division of this continuum into the periods that constitute successive dialectical totalities .
in this schema the science of history consists of the problem of the division of this continuum into the periods that [form] successive dialectical totalities .

If Sartre 's endeavour to ground the Marxist science of history suggests that the Hegelian totality and continuum can only work by a continual labour of excluding the partial and discontinuous , Althusser 's effort to constitute a differentiated history shows that you can not do it without a teleology .
if sartre 's endeavour to ground the marxist science of history suggests that the hegelian totality and continuum can only work by a continual labour of excluding the partial and discontinuous , althusser 's effort to [form] a differentiated history shows that you can not do it without a teleology .

He argues that , given the proliferation of both discontinuities and long periods , the problem is now to constitute the series , its elements , its limits , and its relation to other series .
he argues that , given the proliferation of both discontinuities and long periods , the problem is now to [form] the series , its elements , its limits , and its relation to other series .

Foucault 's genealogy means that by asking a question , posing a problem , you set up a generality against which you constitute events and arrange them in a series .
foucault 's genealogy means that by asking a question , posing a problem , you set up a generality against which you [form] events and arrange them in a series .

Whereas Foucault was inclined to remark that in retrospect he considered that all his work had been about power , it seems almost equally possible that his analyses of power constitute a continuing meditation on the phantasm .
whereas foucault was inclined to remark that in retrospect he considered that all his work had been about power , it seems almost equally possible that his analyses of power [form] a continuing meditation on the phantasm .

In addition , if women were to enter public life and achieve positions of power there they would constitute a personal challenge to the men who had hitherto had it their own way .
in addition , if women were to enter public life and achieve positions of power there they would [form] a personal challenge to the men who had hitherto had it their own way .

Newly mounted cavalry , eighteen battalions of infantry and twenty-two cannon did not constitute an army , but they certainly added up to a threat .
newly mounted cavalry , eighteen battalions of infantry and twenty-two cannon did not [form] an army , but they certainly added up to a threat .

Social explanations constitute a second major theoretical tradition in psychology , particularly in its more social and applied areas .
social explanations [form] a second major theoretical tradition in psychology , particularly in its more social and applied areas .

Once recognized , it gives rise to the unfulfillable desires which constitute the unconscious .
once recognized , it gives rise to the unfulfillable desires which [form] the unconscious .

Most samples of muriate of potash , a commonly-used potash source , also contain enough common salt ( sodium chloride ) and other salts to constitute a danger to shallow root activity .
most samples of muriate of potash , a commonly-used potash source , also contain enough common salt ( sodium chloride ) and other salts to [form] a danger to shallow root activity .

There are , however , grave doubts about its extension to include the statement that ‘ the owning group continue to constitute an identifiable capitalist class with recognizable interests in common ’ .
there are , however , grave doubts about its extension to include the statement that ‘ the owning group continue to [form] an identifiable capitalist class with recognizable interests in common ’ .

How valid is it , then , to suggest that the owners ‘ constitute an identifiable capitalist class with recognizable interests in common , and what does it mean apart from something general pertaining to a concern for success and survival ?
how valid is it , then , to suggest that the owners ‘ [form] an identifiable capitalist class with recognizable interests in common , and what does it mean apart from something general pertaining to a concern for success and survival ?

Our suggestions are simply intended as memory joggers — and emphatically not as a guide to what should , or should not , constitute a luxury .
our suggestions are simply intended as memory joggers — and emphatically not as a guide to what should , or should not , [form] a luxury .

These sceptical , cautious and cloistered arrangements constitute the distinctive institutions of science which separate it from other more worldly activities .
these sceptical , cautious and cloistered arrangements [form] the distinctive institutions of science which separate it from other more worldly activities .

Here the position may be summed up by saying that the control task may recently have been added to the conceptive ideological and translating practices , but it is these latter which constitute the lawyer 's work , and in terms of which his job should be sociologically defined .
here the position may be summed up by saying that the control task may recently have been added to the conceptive ideological and translating practices , but it is these latter which [form] the lawyer 's work , and in terms of which his job should be sociologically defined .

Their impact , both direct and indirect , on the level and growth rate of Soviet production is significant , but appears to constitute only a modest source of Soviet economic growth .
their impact , both direct and indirect , on the level and growth rate of soviet production is significant , but appears to [form] only a modest source of soviet economic growth .

Its officers , ‘ political deputies ’ , posted down to battalion or company level , constitute a separate chain of command , supplying personnel evaluations on a confidential basis to their political superiors .
its officers , ‘ political deputies ’ , posted down to battalion or company level , [form] a separate chain of command , supplying personnel evaluations on a confidential basis to their political superiors .

And to fulfil this role they must be seen as independent of the society they help to constitute .
and to fulfil this role they must be seen as independent of the society they help to [form] .

And the most important properties of which this is held to be true are those which constitute our conception of individuals as autonomous agents .
and the most important properties of which this is held to be true are those which [form] our conception of individuals as autonomous agents .

For each writer , the problem at issue is the relationship between a social class and its members . Is it true , as Marx sometimes seems to say , that in order for a group of people to constitute a class they must be conscious of their shared identity , or can they form a class on the basis of other criteria ? Thompson , the individualist , takes the view that consciousness is a condition of class identity :
for each writer , the problem at issue is the relationship between a social class and its members . is it true , as marx sometimes seems to say , that in order for a group of people to [form] a class they must be conscious of their shared identity , or can they form a class on the basis of other criteria ? thompson , the individualist , takes the view that consciousness is a condition of class identity :

‘ The unity they constitute in this ‘ fusion ’ into a revolutionary rupture , is constituted by their own essence and effectivity , by what they are , and according to the specific modalities of their action .
‘ the unity they [form] in this ‘ fusion ’ into a revolutionary rupture , is constituted by their own essence and effectivity , by what they are , and according to the specific modalities of their action .

And as one of Althusser 's commentators reminds us , ‘ Not only is there no special reason to believe that the subjects constituted and distributed by these mechanisms should be constituted so as to ‘ understand ’ the mechanisms by which they are constituted but , on the contrary , it is a condition of operation of many of the mechanisms that they are not understood by the subjects they ‘ constitute ’ .
and as one of althusser 's commentators reminds us , ‘ not only is there no special reason to believe that the subjects constituted and distributed by these mechanisms should be constituted so as to ‘ understand ’ the mechanisms by which they are constituted but , on the contrary , it is a condition of operation of many of the mechanisms that they are not understood by the subjects they ‘ [form] ’ .

’ This account gives rise to two questions , both of them large and difficult : first , how do ideological state apparatuses ( ISAs ) constitute individuals ; and second , how can Althusser justify his claim that his theory escapes the tentacles of ideology and tells us how the world really is ?
’ this account gives rise to two questions , both of them large and difficult : first , how do ideological state apparatuses ( isas ) [form] individuals ; and second , how can althusser justify his claim that his theory escapes the tentacles of ideology and tells us how the world really is ?

Ideological practice does not constitute subjects as such , but particular subjects who have the belief that all subjects share some traits in common .
ideological practice does not [form] subjects as such , but particular subjects who have the belief that all subjects share some traits in common .

The function of ideological practice is not to ‘ deceive ’ ready-made subjects , but to constitute individuals as subjects .
the function of ideological practice is not to ‘ deceive ’ ready-made subjects , but to [form] individuals as subjects .

For they would have to have escaped the very apparatuses which constitute subjects , and thus would not be subjects at all .
for they would have to have escaped the very apparatuses which [form] subjects , and thus would not be subjects at all .

Then there are autonomous fractions ‘ which constitute the substratum of eventual social forces ’ .
then there are autonomous fractions ‘ which [form] the substratum of eventual social forces ’ .

There are no sanctions against marrying those that one is brought up with ( as such ) ; the sanction is against marriages which would constitute close in-breeding .
there are no sanctions against marrying those that one is brought up with ( as such ) ; the sanction is against marriages which would [form] close in-breeding .

But these are only indirect duties of kindness since our direct duty is not to animals but to our fellow human beings whose objections to cruelty constitute genuine rights against us .
but these are only indirect duties of kindness since our direct duty is not to animals but to our fellow human beings whose objections to cruelty [form] genuine rights against us .

Considerations that are given deliberative priority in order to secure reliability constitute obligations ; corresponding to those obligations are rights , possessed by people who benefit from the obligations .
considerations that are given deliberative priority in order to secure reliability [form] obligations ; corresponding to those obligations are rights , possessed by people who benefit from the obligations .

The second part considers how interactions between the child and her linguistically more competent caretakers may create privileged opportunities for language learning , and thereby constitute a form of environmental support for the child 's mastery of language .
the second part considers how interactions between the child and her linguistically more competent caretakers may create privileged opportunities for language learning , and thereby [form] a form of environmental support for the child 's mastery of language .

Second , the action sequences which constitute social routines may provide the child with the basis for making some initial hypotheses about the relationship between syntax and meaning ( McNamara 1972 ) .
second , the action sequences which [form] social routines may provide the child with the basis for making some initial hypotheses about the relationship between syntax and meaning ( mcnamara 1972 ) .

The fact that Mannheim considered as ‘ knowledge ’ the presuppositions which constitute the world-view of a social group and consequently affect all knowledge seemed to escape Merton who categorized knowledge as ideas that ‘ perform different functions ’ ( Merton 1957 : 497 ) .
the fact that mannheim considered as ‘ knowledge ’ the presuppositions which [form] the world-view of a social group and consequently affect all knowledge seemed to escape merton who categorized knowledge as ideas that ‘ perform different functions ’ ( merton 1957 : 497 ) .

But there was no room in his account of the sociology of science for a review of the meanings that constitute the presuppositions of science even in a liberal democracy .
but there was no room in his account of the sociology of science for a review of the meanings that [form] the presuppositions of science even in a liberal democracy .

Values , he argues , select problems and attach significance to items of knowledge and so constitute a basis of meaning that is tied to the social function of knowledge .
values , he argues , select problems and attach significance to items of knowledge and so [form] a basis of meaning that is tied to the social function of knowledge .

primary selectivity ] is involved where the statements are , at the proper level , ‘ true ’ , but do not constitute a balanced account of the available truth .
primary selectivity ] is involved where the statements are , at the proper level , ‘ true ’ , but do not [form] a balanced account of the available truth .

Knowledge , rather , is an emergent of an interactive process between a collectivity of subjects and the objects that constitute their environment .
knowledge , rather , is an emergent of an interactive process between a collectivity of subjects and the objects that [form] their environment .

She argues that they can constitute a new perspective for the social sciences and goes on to show a continuity with the anti-positivism and rejection of the knowing subject in structuralist and post-structuralist approaches to understanding .
she argues that they can [form] a new perspective for the social sciences and goes on to show a continuity with the anti-positivism and rejection of the knowing subject in structuralist and post-structuralist approaches to understanding .

He describes the individual interacting with the social world by filling roles that constitute an identity for her :
he describes the individual interacting with the social world by filling roles that [form] an identity for her :

From the experience of material relations an abstraction to ideas can be made which will constitute knowledge of the world .
from the experience of material relations an abstraction to ideas can be made which will [form] knowledge of the world .

Habermas interprets Hegel 's early work on the philosophy of mind ( the Jena lectures ) to offer three dialectical relations that constitute a systematic basis for the formative process of spirit :
habermas interprets hegel 's early work on the philosophy of mind ( the jena lectures ) to offer three dialectical relations that [form] a systematic basis for the formative process of spirit :

Either of these two formulations would require a transcendental knowing subject and would constitute knowledge as a special phenomenon abstracted from the material level of human action .
either of these two formulations would require a transcendental knowing subject and would [form] knowledge as a special phenomenon abstracted from the material level of human action .

As in his earlier work the aim is to analyse the levels of social process that constitute social formations .
as in his earlier work the aim is to analyse the levels of social process that [form] social formations .

Knowledge , as the product of the social practice of communication , is always a product of social being and to some degree determined by the presuppositions given to social being that constitute the possibility of communication .
knowledge , as the product of the social practice of communication , is always a product of social being and to some degree determined by the presuppositions given to social being that [form] the possibility of communication .

The relations that constitute the structure exist in the exchange of meanings ; their creation , dispersal and variance .
the relations that [form] the structure exist in the exchange of meanings ; their creation , dispersal and variance .

What constitute the elements of a structure , its units , never seems to be a problem for the structuralists because they are taken as an empirical property of the medium of signification ( the text ) .
what [form] the elements of a structure , its units , never seems to be a problem for the structuralists because they are taken as an empirical property of the medium of signification ( the text ) .

In considering how far this might constitute an explanation of the observed facts , though , the obvious question is whether folklinguistic beliefs relate directly to behaviour .
in considering how far this might [form] an explanation of the observed facts , though , the obvious question is whether folklinguistic beliefs relate directly to behaviour .

Publicly provided services constitute only a small part of the total care provided to people in need .
publicly provided services [form] only a small part of the total care provided to people in need .

These should be major counselling objectives , and encouraging an ageing person to be part of such a group would indeed constitute a major counselling success .
these should be major counselling objectives , and encouraging an ageing person to be part of such a group would indeed [form] a major counselling success .

Indeed , the whole is considered to constitute more than just the sum total of its parts .
indeed , the whole is considered to [form] more than just the sum total of its parts .

more landmasses are above water than usual — although this may be a chicken-and-egg effect because during an ice age much of the world 's water is locked up as ice , so that ocean levels are lower None of these circumstances pertained during the Jurassic , but this does not mean that mountain-building and the proximity of a large landmass to one or other of the poles , taken together , constitute the cause of an ice age .
more landmasses are above water than usual — although this may be a chicken-and-egg effect because during an ice age much of the world 's water is locked up as ice , so that ocean levels are lower none of these circumstances pertained during the jurassic , but this does not mean that mountain-building and the proximity of a large landmass to one or other of the poles , taken together , [form] the cause of an ice age .

But where the defect or fault should have been detected during normal maintenance , this would not constitute a defence and there would probably be an offence under the appropriate Construction and Use Regulations .
but where the defect or fault should have been detected during normal maintenance , this would not [form] a defence and there would probably be an offence under the appropriate construction and use regulations .

For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( a ) to ( k ) of paragraph ( 4 ) of this regulation , where a mechanically propelled vehicle is used on a public road by virtue of a trade licence and that vehicle is drawing a trailer , the vehicle and trailer shall be deemed to constitute a single vehicle .
for the purposes of sub-paragraph ( a ) to ( k ) of paragraph ( 4 ) of this regulation , where a mechanically propelled vehicle is used on a public road by virtue of a trade licence and that vehicle is drawing a trailer , the vehicle and trailer shall be deemed to [form] a single vehicle .

if the circumstances of the offence constitute a common law public nuisance the Criminal Law Act 1977 allows for trial either way .
if the circumstances of the offence [form] a common law public nuisance the criminal law act 1977 allows for trial either way .

One left-wing enthusiast for the League , Konni Zilliacus , claimed that an alliance of anti-fascist states would constitute the embryo of a future World Government .
one left-wing enthusiast for the league , konni zilliacus , claimed that an alliance of anti-fascist states would [form] the embryo of a future world government .

The mere multiplication of such chains , side by side , to constitute a crystal , does not prevent each separate chain from still carrying its full theoretical stress ( 1b ) .
the mere multiplication of such chains , side by side , to [form] a crystal , does not prevent each separate chain from still carrying its full theoretical stress ( 1b ) .

Suppose now that we cut a number of adjacent bonds so as to constitute a crack , then of course we have interrupted the flow of stress in the broken chains and the load in these broken chains has got to go somewhere ( 1c ) .
suppose now that we cut a number of adjacent bonds so as to [form] a crack , then of course we have interrupted the flow of stress in the broken chains and the load in these broken chains has got to go somewhere ( 1c ) .

Men have a greater concentration of pheromones , which constitute an important and often unconscious part of their appeal to women .
men have a greater concentration of pheromones , which [form] an important and often unconscious part of their appeal to women .

Savoury party snacks , salads , warming casseroles — all constitute a tall order .
savoury party snacks , salads , warming casseroles — all [form] a tall order .

Our review did not constitute an examination in accordance with auditing standards .
our review did not [form] an examination in accordance with auditing standards .

The taxpayers appealed to a Special Commissioner , contending that the novation did not constitute a ‘ release ’ because it was neither wholly voluntary or gratuitous , nor made for less than full consideration .
the taxpayers appealed to a special commissioner , contending that the novation did not [form] a ‘ release ’ because it was neither wholly voluntary or gratuitous , nor made for less than full consideration .

Manifesting seven different frequencies , life-energy is directly related to the seven bands of light that constitute the composition of pure white light , seen by our senses in the form of the rainbow .
manifesting seven different frequencies , life-energy is directly related to the seven bands of light that [form] the composition of pure white light , seen by our senses in the form of the rainbow .

Consciousness and life are synonymous and constitute the essential fabric within which mind and emotions in all their aspects are interwoven .
consciousness and life are synonymous and [form] the essential fabric within which mind and emotions in all their aspects are interwoven .

It must be emphasised that the preceding information does not constitute some new revolutionary theory , but echoes a once universal understanding of the true workings of nature embraced by the knowledgeable in every high civilisation of the past , and perhaps intuitively felt by most sensitive individuals who have not been bludgeoned by the dull instruments of Western reductionism .
it must be emphasised that the preceding information does not [form] some new revolutionary theory , but echoes a once universal understanding of the true workings of nature embraced by the knowledgeable in every high civilisation of the past , and perhaps intuitively felt by most sensitive individuals who have not been bludgeoned by the dull instruments of western reductionism .

The subjectivity of another does not simply constitute a different interior attitude to the same exterior facts .
the subjectivity of another does not simply [form] a different interior attitude to the same exterior facts .

These shared systems of meaning constitute a particular culture .
these shared systems of meaning [form] a particular culture .

The proclamation under which the conviction had been obtained specified that in order to constitute an offence such an action had to be carried out ‘ without the authority of a competent Magistrate ’ .
the proclamation under which the conviction had been obtained specified that in order to [form] an offence such an action had to be carried out ‘ without the authority of a competent magistrate ’ .

For example , if another company in the group has provided guarantees in respect of dividends or redemption , or has undertaken to purchase the shares , the issue will constitute a liability of the group and should be reported as such .
for example , if another company in the group has provided guarantees in respect of dividends or redemption , or has undertaken to purchase the shares , the issue will [form] a liability of the group and should be reported as such .

Even if there were monastic or friary-owned schools in the town they would still not constitute a university , as each school would be administered separately and would be dominated by the beliefs of the monastic order .
even if there were monastic or friary-owned schools in the town they would still not [form] a university , as each school would be administered separately and would be dominated by the beliefs of the monastic order .

Small monastic schools , a teaching capacity at St. Leonard 's Priory and the temporary residence of the Oxford students can not constitute a university under a corporate body .
small monastic schools , a teaching capacity at st. leonard 's priory and the temporary residence of the oxford students can not [form] a university under a corporate body .

Cuts on action are those which carry an action over from one shot to the next , and they constitute an important element in film making .
cuts on action are those which carry an action over from one shot to the next , and they [form] an important element in film making .

As they constitute a significant drain on the camcorder 's battery , they do reduce the shooting time per charge .
as they [form] a significant drain on the camcorder 's battery , they do reduce the shooting time per charge .

Ernst & Young stress , as did Price Waterhouse , that ‘ it should be recognised that our review did not constitute an audit and may not have revealed all material facts ’ .
ernst & young stress , as did price waterhouse , that ‘ it should be recognised that our review did not [form] an audit and may not have revealed all material facts ’ .

The lexical items and the formal patterns they fill , which constitute the content units of a structural syllabus , are precisely semantico-grammatical categories .
the lexical items and the formal patterns they fill , which [form] the content units of a structural syllabus , are precisely semantico-grammatical categories .

The crucial question that arises here , therefore , is how the given categories of grammar which constitute the content units of a structural syllabus are to be associated with the new categories of communicative function : in other words , how ( to use Halliday 's terms this time ) the meaning potential intrinsic in language form gets realized in the pragmatic achievement of meaning .
the crucial question that arises here , therefore , is how the given categories of grammar which [form] the content units of a structural syllabus are to be associated with the new categories of communicative function : in other words , how ( to use halliday 's terms this time ) the meaning potential intrinsic in language form gets realized in the pragmatic achievement of meaning .

One might surmise that this is because they represent elemental features from which all other structures are compounded and so constitute basic units of mental processing from which all learning proceeds .
one might surmise that this is because they represent elemental features from which all other structures are compounded and so [form] basic units of mental processing from which all learning proceeds .

We need also to participate in wider networks of interaction which extend from the individual into a complexity of connections with the groups and institutions that constitute the society we live in .
we need also to participate in wider networks of interaction which extend from the individual into a complexity of connections with the groups and institutions that [form] the society we live in .

Unsupported representations , whether oral or written , do not of themselves constitute sufficient audit evidence .
unsupported representations , whether oral or written , do not of themselves [form] sufficient audit evidence .

Uptake-induced changes of pH constitute a novel second messenger action of glutamate .
uptake-induced changes of ph [form] a novel second messenger action of glutamate .

These fossils constitute the second group recognized here , the Kenyapithecini .
these fossils [form] the second group recognized here , the kenyapithecini .

The hominine character state could either be gorilla-like lengthening of the premaxilla , which is not present in Dryopithecus but is in Graecopithecus , or it could be unlengthened as in Dryopithecus , but in both cases the elongated premaxilla and narrow incisive canal in Graecopithecus could constitute a hominine synapomorphy .
the hominine character state could either be gorilla-like lengthening of the premaxilla , which is not present in dryopithecus but is in graecopithecus , or it could be unlengthened as in dryopithecus , but in both cases the elongated premaxilla and narrow incisive canal in graecopithecus could [form] a hominine synapomorphy .

The clay mineral assemblage predominantly constitute illite and chlorite ; smectite is absent or occurs in minor quantities as interlayers .
the clay mineral assemblage predominantly [form] illite and chlorite ; smectite is absent or occurs in minor quantities as interlayers .

Fresh , angular sodic plagioclase and orthoclase constitute the second most abundant mineral group , but small quantities of microcline and biotite to occur .
fresh , angular sodic plagioclase and orthoclase [form] the second most abundant mineral group , but small quantities of microcline and biotite to occur .

This supposition has been overshadowed by the ‘ Vendobionta ’ hypothesis , in which Ediacaran animals are thought to constitute an extinct clade of multicellular eukaryotes , neither diploblast nor triploblast , with a unique construction of tough cuticle and mattress-like body , and possibly the absence of alimentary tract , musculature and nervous tissue .
this supposition has been overshadowed by the ‘ vendobionta ’ hypothesis , in which ediacaran animals are thought to [form] an extinct clade of multicellular eukaryotes , neither diploblast nor triploblast , with a unique construction of tough cuticle and mattress-like body , and possibly the absence of alimentary tract , musculature and nervous tissue .

The last constitute an important Vendian group , and are among the first metazoans to have acquired hard parts .
the last [form] an important vendian group , and are among the first metazoans to have acquired hard parts .

‘ Knowledge ’ says Beccaria ‘ breeds evil in reverse ratio to its diffusion ’ since ‘ no enlightened person can fail to approve the clear and useful public compacts of mutual security ’ which constitute the social contract ( p. 95 ) .
‘ knowledge ’ says beccaria ‘ breeds evil in reverse ratio to its diffusion ’ since ‘ no enlightened person can fail to approve the clear and useful public compacts of mutual security ’ which [form] the social contract ( p. 95 ) .

But there is perhaps a more fundamental problem here : establishing personality traits or types that are related to crime does not constitute an explanation ; it is the way such traits and types come about , and how they lead to crime , that provides that .
but there is perhaps a more fundamental problem here : establishing personality traits or types that are related to crime does not [form] an explanation ; it is the way such traits and types come about , and how they lead to crime , that provides that .

For unlike other supposed causal determinants of crime , mental disorder has been accepted by most criminal jurisdictions as taking away some of the fundamental elements that constitute an act as a crime .
for unlike other supposed causal determinants of crime , mental disorder has been accepted by most criminal jurisdictions as taking away some of the fundamental elements that [form] an act as a crime .

Classical criminology did not assume that existing legal definitions of crime and the way they are enforced necessarily constitute this objective category .
classical criminology did not assume that existing legal definitions of crime and the way they are enforced necessarily [form] this objective category .

This narrowing down of the focus of the original control theory seems to constitute a switch of attention from offenders to situations .
this narrowing down of the focus of the original control theory seems to [form] a switch of attention from offenders to situations .

Hirschi and Gottfredson ( 1986 ) have made a useful distinction between these two branches of control theory : the situational approaches constitute explanations of crime , while the original control theory is an explanation of criminality .
hirschi and gottfredson ( 1986 ) have made a useful distinction between these two branches of control theory : the situational approaches [form] explanations of crime , while the original control theory is an explanation of criminality .

After all , the postclassical position recognises that variability in human criminal motivations plays a part in accounting for the prevalence of crimes : it would not be too damaging to the overall position to allow that in some cases it plays the major part ( provided that the exceptions only constitute a tiny proportion of total crime — which would certainly be the case with sexual abuse of children ) .
after all , the postclassical position recognises that variability in human criminal motivations plays a part in accounting for the prevalence of crimes : it would not be too damaging to the overall position to allow that in some cases it plays the major part ( provided that the exceptions only [form] a tiny proportion of total crime — which would certainly be the case with sexual abuse of children ) .

Second , crime is accepted to be a legal category — no attempt is being made to propose , as we saw some positivists tried to do , that we can arrive at some more objective conception that stands above the acts of human deliberation that constitute the process of legal definition .
second , crime is accepted to be a legal category — no attempt is being made to propose , as we saw some positivists tried to do , that we can arrive at some more objective conception that stands above the acts of human deliberation that [form] the process of legal definition .

These ‘ needs ’ constitute sources of control because they provide for both incentives and disincentives : their satisfaction can be used to lure us into conformity , and the threat of their denial can be used to divert us from criminality .
these ‘ needs ’ [form] sources of control because they provide for both incentives and disincentives : their satisfaction can be used to lure us into conformity , and the threat of their denial can be used to divert us from criminality .

As with all the needs and requirements that constitute the sources of control , its influence is mediated by the influence of the others .
as with all the needs and requirements that [form] the sources of control , its influence is mediated by the influence of the others .

The sources of control play their part to varying degrees and in varying combinations in the different contexts that constitute our social worlds .
the sources of control play their part to varying degrees and in varying combinations in the different contexts that [form] our social worlds .

Each poem is a verse-epistle , as it were , and together they constitute a whole collection of correspondence .
each poem is a verse-epistle , as it were , and together they [form] a whole collection of correspondence .

Walton has commented usefully on this , arguing that the use of the phrase ‘ the best interests of the child ’ has often confused rather than helped child care debates , creating the illusion that these interests constitute an objective fact .
walton has commented usefully on this , arguing that the use of the phrase ‘ the best interests of the child ’ has often confused rather than helped child care debates , creating the illusion that these interests [form] an objective fact .

It is argued that the first and third categories of difference , the psychological and the social or political , constitute the most useful bases from which to consider the link with broader intellectual positions .
it is argued that the first and third categories of difference , the psychological and the social or political , [form] the most useful bases from which to consider the link with broader intellectual positions .

This in itself would constitute a major achievement and would give recognition to the important contribution of residential workers in preparing young people for citizenship .
this in itself would [form] a major achievement and would give recognition to the important contribution of residential workers in preparing young people for citizenship .

Alcohol taxes constitute the biggest single item of revenue in many states , which would find it difficult to pay their bills if prohibition were imposed .
alcohol taxes [form] the biggest single item of revenue in many states , which would find it difficult to pay their bills if prohibition were imposed .

When the requirements of duties and wishes exceed the limitations that people are working within , we may say that they come to constitute demands .
when the requirements of duties and wishes exceed the limitations that people are working within , we may say that they come to [form] demands .

Whilst most of us , for example , can cope with having the occasional murderous thought about people we love , or work with , there are other people for whom such thoughts constitute a profound assault on their self-worth , and who must , therefore , either suffer that sense of worthlessness or involve themselves in an intense effort to deny or rationalize the thought .
whilst most of us , for example , can cope with having the occasional murderous thought about people we love , or work with , there are other people for whom such thoughts [form] a profound assault on their self-worth , and who must , therefore , either suffer that sense of worthlessness or involve themselves in an intense effort to deny or rationalize the thought .

The phenomena of overload and pressure constitute , for many teachers , just such a breach of some basic injunctions so that the situation of working under heavy demands itself leads , via the activation of these injunctions , to an assault on self-esteem .
the phenomena of overload and pressure [form] , for many teachers , just such a breach of some basic injunctions so that the situation of working under heavy demands itself leads , via the activation of these injunctions , to an assault on self-esteem .

It begins to look as if ‘ the appearance of objects to the eye ’ and ‘ the judgement which we form by sight ’ do not constitute a dichotomy .
it begins to look as if ‘ the appearance of objects to the eye ’ and ‘ the judgement which we form by sight ’ do not [form] a dichotomy .

From their written works it would appear that most psychologists up to about 1935 have assumed that these three things , separately or together , must constitute the whole of what we mean when we speak of a person feeling a touch as a touch on his shoulder or a pain as a pain in his foot .
from their written works it would appear that most psychologists up to about 1935 have assumed that these three things , separately or together , must [form] the whole of what we mean when we speak of a person feeling a touch as a touch on his shoulder or a pain as a pain in his foot .

So the fact that material things are ‘ senseless beings ’ , and hence that the heat which is perceived and the bodily sensation can not be alike , can not constitute a proof that we are not justified in attributing heat and cold to material things .
so the fact that material things are ‘ senseless beings ’ , and hence that the heat which is perceived and the bodily sensation can not be alike , can not [form] a proof that we are not justified in attributing heat and cold to material things .

His 104 items constitute a survey of European painting from the Romanesque period to the Renaissance , including fifty Italian miniatures , twenty-four German , ten Netherlandish , fifteen French , three English , and two Spanish .
his 104 items [form] a survey of european painting from the romanesque period to the renaissance , including fifty italian miniatures , twenty-four german , ten netherlandish , fifteen french , three english , and two spanish .

Other things being equal , an increase in births decreases the proportion which all earlier cohorts constitute in the population , and a decrease in births will have the opposite effect .
other things being equal , an increase in births decreases the proportion which all earlier cohorts [form] in the population , and a decrease in births will have the opposite effect .

It is now well recognized that , in so far as survival in the twentieth century is concerned , men rather than women constitute the weaker sex .
it is now well recognized that , in so far as survival in the twentieth century is concerned , men rather than women [form] the weaker sex .

What is more difficult to predict into the middle of the next century is the proportion of the total population that this older group will constitute , because that depends upon the birth-rate , and the latter , if past experience is anything to go on , shifts unpredictably with transient social circumstances — such as the level of unemployment or whether or not there is a war — as well as with unstable social attitudes to child-bearing and the age at which it is thought suitable for women to bear children .
what is more difficult to predict into the middle of the next century is the proportion of the total population that this older group will [form] , because that depends upon the birth-rate , and the latter , if past experience is anything to go on , shifts unpredictably with transient social circumstances — such as the level of unemployment or whether or not there is a war — as well as with unstable social attitudes to child-bearing and the age at which it is thought suitable for women to bear children .

They constitute the bulk — and an increasing bulk — of the case-load of district nurses ( ibid .
they [form] the bulk — and an increasing bulk — of the case-load of district nurses ( ibid .

Proponents of this view contend that it is the intensity of social deprivation and its institutionalization in centralized state policies , production processes , and social attitudes that constitute a sufficiently novel form of structured dependence to render it qualitatively different from reliance by elderly people on Poor Law , charity , or family in the past .
proponents of this view contend that it is the intensity of social deprivation and its institutionalization in centralized state policies , production processes , and social attitudes that [form] a sufficiently novel form of structured dependence to render it qualitatively different from reliance by elderly people on poor law , charity , or family in the past .

Know the law — for example they know that a charged down kick does not constitute a knock-on .
know the law — for example they know that a charged down kick does not [form] a knock-on .

Isolated successes since then do not constitute a recovery .
isolated successes since then do not [form] a recovery .

In March 1959 the High Authority declared that coal overproduction was such as to constitute a state of ‘ manifest crisis ’ as that term had been defined by the Treaty of Paris .
in march 1959 the high authority declared that coal overproduction was such as to [form] a state of ‘ manifest crisis ’ as that term had been defined by the treaty of paris .

Collocation ( combinations of words regularly used together ) constitute a major learning difficulty .
collocation ( combinations of words regularly used together ) [form] a major learning difficulty .

Engine and airframe modifications have reached a possible zenith , the airscrew might well constitute the last trip to the warbird racing well .
engine and airframe modifications have reached a possible zenith , the airscrew might well [form] the last trip to the warbird racing well .

The debates also constitute evidence of reformers ' realisation of the need politically to isolate the West Indians and an ambivalent attitude to the usefulness of moral condemnation as a way of winning over MPs .
the debates also [form] evidence of reformers ' realisation of the need politically to isolate the west indians and an ambivalent attitude to the usefulness of moral condemnation as a way of winning over mps .

By 1794–5 democratic radicals were using public meetings against the war and domestic social crisis in such a way as to constitute in the eyes of the authorities ‘ tumultuous petitioning ’ and potentially seditious attempts to coerce parliament .
by 1794–5 democratic radicals were using public meetings against the war and domestic social crisis in such a way as to [form] in the eyes of the authorities ‘ tumultuous petitioning ’ and potentially seditious attempts to coerce parliament .

Is it not the very catholicity of the Church which is in question ? Some Africans have suggested that the Church would cease to be truly catholic , universal , from the moment when , for disciplinary reasons only , she would refuse to acknowledge the realities which constitute the life-style of non-mediterranean people .
is it not the very catholicity of the church which is in question ? some africans have suggested that the church would cease to be truly catholic , universal , from the moment when , for disciplinary reasons only , she would refuse to acknowledge the realities which [form] the life-style of non-mediterranean people .

In short the movies had broken through to the masses and had the power to pull in almost anybody and everybody who helped constitute the masses .
in short the movies had broken through to the masses and had the power to pull in almost anybody and everybody who helped [form] the masses .

Quite obviously , the examples constitute extreme types , but , as Newtown full back Alfonso Clark , part of a family of nine , put it , after describing two similar cases : ‘ There 's nothing in between ; it 's all or nothing from West Indian families ’ ( he was from Nevis ) .
quite obviously , the examples [form] extreme types , but , as newtown full back alfonso clark , part of a family of nine , put it , after describing two similar cases : ‘ there 's nothing in between ; it 's all or nothing from west indian families ’ ( he was from nevis ) .

If for example women were turned down more often than men because their employment history was shorter , they were not in a skilled job , and they did not have a bank account , this would not constitute discrimination against women — as the conditions , only part of an overall scoring system , would not be absolute .
if for example women were turned down more often than men because their employment history was shorter , they were not in a skilled job , and they did not have a bank account , this would not [form] discrimination against women — as the conditions , only part of an overall scoring system , would not be absolute .

Such miracles constitute more than signs and wonders .
such miracles [form] more than signs and wonders .

He therefore suggests that yearning for growth , should constitute the criteria by which a church is assessed ( van Engen 1981:448ff ) .
he therefore suggests that yearning for growth , should [form] the criteria by which a church is assessed ( van engen 1981:448ff ) .

They constitute only some of the ingredients in the evaluation and diagnostic processes .
they [form] only some of the ingredients in the evaluation and diagnostic processes .

If your church is one which succeeds in attracting the crowds for special occasions , these people should constitute your prime target for deeper Christian commitment and church membership .
if your church is one which succeeds in attracting the crowds for special occasions , these people should [form] your prime target for deeper christian commitment and church membership .

These people will constitute those who are at greatest risk , in that such people can easily go missing from a large church without being missed until it is too late to recover them .
these people will [form] those who are at greatest risk , in that such people can easily go missing from a large church without being missed until it is too late to recover them .

In view of the fact that we are not seeking , for the moment at least , to produce a marketable product , it is my intention that this letter should constitute our contract .
in view of the fact that we are not seeking , for the moment at least , to produce a marketable product , it is my intention that this letter should [form] our contract .

will not attempt to register or use for its own benefit , or aid any third party in attempting to register or use , the Trade Marks or any trade mark the use of which would constitute an infringement of 's Trade Marks .
will not attempt to register or use for its own benefit , or aid any third party in attempting to register or use , the trade marks or any trade mark the use of which would [form] an infringement of 's trade marks .

12.3 This Agreement and its Schedules constitute the entire agreement between and and supersedes all earlier communications about the subject matter of this Agreement .
12.3 this agreement and its schedules [form] the entire agreement between and and supersedes all earlier communications about the subject matter of this agreement .

This Agreement and its Schedule ( which is incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement ) constitute the entire agreement between the Publisher and the Programme for the writing of the Program , and supersede all earlier communications on that subject .
this agreement and its schedule ( which is incorporated into and made a part of this agreement ) [form] the entire agreement between the publisher and the programme for the writing of the program , and supersede all earlier communications on that subject .

This Agreement and its Schedule ( which is incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement ) constitute the entire agreement between the Publisher and the Programme for the writing of the Program , and supersede all earlier communications on that subject .
this agreement and its schedule ( which is incorporated into and made a part of this agreement ) [form] the entire agreement between the publisher and the programme for the writing of the program , and supersede all earlier communications on that subject .

15.1.2 neither completion of this Agreement nor publication of the Work will constitute or evidence any breach of any partnership or other contract or any breach of any contractual , fiduciary or other duty between the Authors ( or either of the two individuals together referred to as ‘ the Authors ’ ) or the Company or any third party ; or give rise to any other liability on the part of the Authors ( or either of the two individuals together referred to as ‘ the Authors ’ ) or the Company to any third party ; or give rise to any liability on the part of the Publisher to any third party .
15.1.2 neither completion of this agreement nor publication of the work will [form] or evidence any breach of any partnership or other contract or any breach of any contractual , fiduciary or other duty between the authors ( or either of the two individuals together referred to as ‘ the authors ’ ) or the company or any third party ; or give rise to any other liability on the part of the authors ( or either of the two individuals together referred to as ‘ the authors ’ ) or the company to any third party ; or give rise to any liability on the part of the publisher to any third party .

These fifty or so gifts , of which some twenty are known to have survived , constitute the true first edition of 1865 .
these fifty or so gifts , of which some twenty are known to have survived , [form] the true first edition of 1865 .

Rather federalism and local government constitute an efficient division of political labour , which permits a functional segmentation of the state .
rather federalism and local government [form] an efficient division of political labour , which permits a functional segmentation of the state .

For example , small and large capital interests constitute separate political fractions ( parties ) in France , Italy and much of Scandinavia .
for example , small and large capital interests [form] separate political fractions ( parties ) in france , italy and much of scandinavia .

Second , capitalism may be sustained by popular voting chiefly because workers themselves have not constituted and could not constitute an electoral majority ( przeworski , 1985 ) .
second , capitalism may be sustained by popular voting chiefly because workers themselves have not constituted and could not [form] an electoral majority ( przeworski , 1985 ) .

Within modern capitalist societies the monopoly corporations constitute the dominant class fraction .
within modern capitalist societies the monopoly corporations [form] the dominant class fraction .

Thus police organizations which preserve order fall in the social expenses category , nuclear power plants supposedly providing cheap electricity constitute social investment , and welfare agencies which promote legitimation fall in the social consumption category .
thus police organizations which preserve order fall in the social expenses category , nuclear power plants supposedly providing cheap electricity [form] social investment , and welfare agencies which promote legitimation fall in the social consumption category .

Once this is accepted we can seek out the logical consistencies in contextual use which constitute ‘ structural principles ’ and which make sense of otherwise apparently baffling practices and beliefs .
once this is accepted we can seek out the logical consistencies in contextual use which [form] ‘ structural principles ’ and which make sense of otherwise apparently baffling practices and beliefs .

One can imagine someone in a room looking at a beautiful painting , drinking in the details and the way in which they combine to constitute the lovely whole , and there being nothing beyond this observer and the object of his contemplation .
one can imagine someone in a room looking at a beautiful painting , drinking in the details and the way in which they combine to [form] the lovely whole , and there being nothing beyond this observer and the object of his contemplation .

In relation to the material we are discussing there are already forms of legal restriction over the material which constitute regulation , though this is not usually called censorship .
in relation to the material we are discussing there are already forms of legal restriction over the material which [form] regulation , though this is not usually called censorship .

Ideas concerning human nature can thus be said to constitute a human universal .
ideas concerning human nature can thus be said to [form] a human universal .

This approach is novel insofar as the interpretation of behaviour is embedded in moral values directly associated with what is held to constitute a human person .
this approach is novel insofar as the interpretation of behaviour is embedded in moral values directly associated with what is held to [form] a human person .

Part of the diet is meat , and to many the human body , soul , and smell constitute meat .
part of the diet is meat , and to many the human body , soul , and smell [form] meat .

The four guest bedrooms are later additions , and constitute a separate ‘ wing ’ with their own entrance .
the four guest bedrooms are later additions , and [form] a separate ‘ wing ’ with their own entrance .

The above example of a minimax punishment strategy was not subgame perfect because , in the subgame beginning in the period just after a defection , the minimax choices did not constitute a Nash equilibrium .
the above example of a minimax punishment strategy was not subgame perfect because , in the subgame beginning in the period just after a defection , the minimax choices did not [form] a nash equilibrium .

Unusually , explanations from more than one school of thought constitute the mainstream view here .
unusually , explanations from more than one school of thought [form] the mainstream view here .

The object of a moot is to provide practice in developing an argument , and while the reading out of decided cases is often the necessary foundation of an argument , it should not constitute the whole of it .
the object of a moot is to provide practice in developing an argument , and while the reading out of decided cases is often the necessary foundation of an argument , it should not [form] the whole of it .

It follows from the above discussion that placing a certain element in theme position does not necessarily constitute a marked thematic choice .
it follows from the above discussion that placing a certain element in theme position does not necessarily [form] a marked thematic choice .

Fundamentally , it is a social rather than a psychological variable , its main purpose being to enable the researcher to compare individuals in such a way as to focus on differences between them with respect to degree of integration into a set of relationships which constitute a group capable of exerting normative pressure .
fundamentally , it is a social rather than a psychological variable , its main purpose being to enable the researcher to compare individuals in such a way as to focus on differences between them with respect to degree of integration into a set of relationships which [form] a group capable of exerting normative pressure .

Investigators who opt for the first solution may seek out variable syntactic elements where meaning variation does not constitute a serious problem ; this is the general approach taken by Cheshire .
investigators who opt for the first solution may seek out variable syntactic elements where meaning variation does not [form] a serious problem ; this is the general approach taken by cheshire .

But the House may well seem a curious , wayward , ill-informed , trying body to ministers with busy departments to run and managing the House may constitute a distraction from their chief and more interesting task of governing the country .
but the house may well seem a curious , wayward , ill-informed , trying body to ministers with busy departments to run and managing the house may [form] a distraction from their chief and more interesting task of governing the country .

Without question , these select committees constitute a major development of the work of the Commons .
without question , these select committees [form] a major development of the work of the commons .

In an extreme form this analysis would suggest that the senior civil servants constitute an effective and permanent ruling class forced to make adjustments to their policies from time to time because of the intervention of ministers .
in an extreme form this analysis would suggest that the senior civil servants [form] an effective and permanent ruling class forced to make adjustments to their policies from time to time because of the intervention of ministers .

However , still in 2001 those aged over 85 will still constitute only 17 in each thousand of total population .
however , still in 2001 those aged over 85 will still [form] only 17 in each thousand of total population .

The age cohorts who in the 1980s constitute the very old population over 85 are characterized by high rates of childlessness .
the age cohorts who in the 1980s [form] the very old population over 85 are characterized by high rates of childlessness .

Secondly , regional and local populations do not by any means constitute faithful microcosms of the national population , either in terms of the rates of change in their size or in terms of their composition by age , sex , household type and socio-economic characteristics ( Lawton , 1982 ) .
secondly , regional and local populations do not by any means [form] faithful microcosms of the national population , either in terms of the rates of change in their size or in terms of their composition by age , sex , household type and socio-economic characteristics ( lawton , 1982 ) .

The annual population estimates constitute the principal source of official statistics on sub-national populations .
the annual population estimates [form] the principal source of official statistics on sub-national populations .

These areas continue to constitute the best option for lower-paid workers , not just because of the relatively low cost of the housing but also because they provide access to a large pool of appropriate jobs both in the central area and in the suburbs thanks to the essentially radial pattern of public transport facilities .
these areas continue to [form] the best option for lower-paid workers , not just because of the relatively low cost of the housing but also because they provide access to a large pool of appropriate jobs both in the central area and in the suburbs thanks to the essentially radial pattern of public transport facilities .

Despite the fact that numerous vacancies for less-skilled work are reported to exist in outer city areas , particularly in South East England , a combination of a badly structured welfare system , high transport costs , and difficulties of moving house appears to constitute a major barrier to taking advantage of these opportunities .
despite the fact that numerous vacancies for less-skilled work are reported to exist in outer city areas , particularly in south east england , a combination of a badly structured welfare system , high transport costs , and difficulties of moving house appears to [form] a major barrier to taking advantage of these opportunities .

But instead of the ‘ informing spirit ’ which was held to constitute all other activities , it sees culture as the signifying system through which necessarily ( though among other means ) a social order is communicated , reproduced , experienced and explored .
but instead of the ‘ informing spirit ’ which was held to [form] all other activities , it sees culture as the signifying system through which necessarily ( though among other means ) a social order is communicated , reproduced , experienced and explored .

Thus there is some practical convergence between ( i ) the anthropological and sociological senses of culture as a distinct ‘ whole way of life ’ , within which , now , a distinctive ‘ signifying system ’ is seen not only as essential but as essentially involved in all forms of social activity , and ( ii ) the more specialized if also more common sense of culture as ‘ artistic and intellectual activities ’ , though these , because of the emphasis on a general signifying system , are now much more broadly defined , to include not only the traditional arts and forms of intellectual production but also all the ‘ signifying practices ’ — from language through the arts and philosophy to journalism , fashion and advertising — which now constitute this complex and necessarily extended field .
thus there is some practical convergence between ( i ) the anthropological and sociological senses of culture as a distinct ‘ whole way of life ’ , within which , now , a distinctive ‘ signifying system ’ is seen not only as essential but as essentially involved in all forms of social activity , and ( ii ) the more specialized if also more common sense of culture as ‘ artistic and intellectual activities ’ , though these , because of the emphasis on a general signifying system , are now much more broadly defined , to include not only the traditional arts and forms of intellectual production but also all the ‘ signifying practices ’ — from language through the arts and philosophy to journalism , fashion and advertising — which now [form] this complex and necessarily extended field .

Of course this does not mean that the technologies are not embedded in specific economic , institutional and cultural systems , or that they do not constitute specific signifying systems , with their own internal forms .
of course this does not mean that the technologies are not embedded in specific economic , institutional and cultural systems , or that they do not [form] specific signifying systems , with their own internal forms .

These , however , constitute only 2 per cent of average earnings .
these , however , [form] only 2 per cent of average earnings .

Highly skilled and highly trained stockmen on intensive livestock farms can , it is true , earn much more than the average wage ( though often for longer and more awkward hours ) , since such workers are in relatively short supply , but they are the industry 's élite and constitute no more than 15 per cent of the labour force .
highly skilled and highly trained stockmen on intensive livestock farms can , it is true , earn much more than the average wage ( though often for longer and more awkward hours ) , since such workers are in relatively short supply , but they are the industry 's élite and [form] no more than 15 per cent of the labour force .

Large companies constitute a very small proportion of the total population of firms ( ’ firm ’ refers to all forms of business organisation , not only those that are incorporated ) .
large companies [form] a very small proportion of the total population of firms ( ’ firm ’ refers to all forms of business organisation , not only those that are incorporated ) .

If the position of power that comes about when shareholders combine their property in a company is damaging in either of these ways , then an invocation of ownership rights will not constitute a conclusive justification .
if the position of power that comes about when shareholders combine their property in a company is damaging in either of these ways , then an invocation of ownership rights will not [form] a conclusive justification .

He posits a difference in the attitude to risk on the part of management on the one hand and shareholders on the other , the former being much more risk averse than the latter , given the effect of insolvency on managers ' jobs and on the value of their shareholdings in the company ( which often constitute a considerable proportion of their total wealth ) , together with the possibility of personal liability in the event of winding up .
he posits a difference in the attitude to risk on the part of management on the one hand and shareholders on the other , the former being much more risk averse than the latter , given the effect of insolvency on managers ' jobs and on the value of their shareholdings in the company ( which often [form] a considerable proportion of their total wealth ) , together with the possibility of personal liability in the event of winding up .

It is suggested that the controls constitute a necessary conceptual framework , and presumably have some practical impact on behaviour by providing a normative code for the guidance of management and a public standard for the evaluation of their conduct by others , but that as an enforceable control mechanism their effectiveness is very limited .
it is suggested that the controls [form] a necessary conceptual framework , and presumably have some practical impact on behaviour by providing a normative code for the guidance of management and a public standard for the evaluation of their conduct by others , but that as an enforceable control mechanism their effectiveness is very limited .

What ‘ the state ’ stands for is a number of particular institutions which , together , constitute its reality , and which interact as parts of what may be called the state system .
what ‘ the state ’ stands for is a number of particular institutions which , together , [form] its reality , and which interact as parts of what may be called the state system .

Divine service is legally a public performance , and the singing and playing of music in church constitute a ‘ qualifying performance ’ .
divine service is legally a public performance , and the singing and playing of music in church [form] a ‘ qualifying performance ’ .

It is in the interest of church musicians to ensure that the necessary licence is obtained , or their playing or singing of copyright music in such circumstances could constitute an infringement of copyright through being an unauthorised ‘ performance ’ .
it is in the interest of church musicians to ensure that the necessary licence is obtained , or their playing or singing of copyright music in such circumstances could [form] an infringement of copyright through being an unauthorised ‘ performance ’ .

But it does urge all who are responsible for ordering the worship of parish churches to be sensitive to the variety of people who constitute our congregations .
but it does urge all who are responsible for ordering the worship of parish churches to be sensitive to the variety of people who [form] our congregations .

Changes in the value of housing benefit constitute the sixth reform of welfare since 1979 .
changes in the value of housing benefit [form] the sixth reform of welfare since 1979 .

Finally , a lack of work often excludes claimants from occupational pension schemes , which , together with owner-occupation , constitute one of the two most important forms of capital accumulation for the majority of the population .
finally , a lack of work often excludes claimants from occupational pension schemes , which , together with owner-occupation , [form] one of the two most important forms of capital accumulation for the majority of the population .

Perhaps because they are relatively loose in conventional management terms , with a good deal of devolved power and individual discretion , they seem relatively ‘ tight ’ in normative terms , held together more by values than by structures ( Becher and Kogan 1980 ) ; indeed , they may constitute an interesting organizational example of the ‘ simultaneous loose-tight properties ’ described by Peters and Waterman ( 1982 ) .
perhaps because they are relatively loose in conventional management terms , with a good deal of devolved power and individual discretion , they seem relatively ‘ tight ’ in normative terms , held together more by values than by structures ( becher and kogan 1980 ) ; indeed , they may [form] an interesting organizational example of the ‘ simultaneous loose-tight properties ’ described by peters and waterman ( 1982 ) .

This was much in vogue in the 1960s , due not only to the fashionable ideas of Marshall McLuhan , but the more serious earlier work by Wiener ( 1948 ) and Shannon and Weaver ( 1949 ) , but as time has passed doubts have grown not so much about its existence , but rather whether it does not constitute two distinct fields of machine and human communication , for which information theory can not provide a unifying paradigm .
this was much in vogue in the 1960s , due not only to the fashionable ideas of marshall mcluhan , but the more serious earlier work by wiener ( 1948 ) and shannon and weaver ( 1949 ) , but as time has passed doubts have grown not so much about its existence , but rather whether it does not [form] two distinct fields of machine and human communication , for which information theory can not provide a unifying paradigm .

Mathematics and the natural sciences constitute examples of the first , ethics and politics of the second , and fine arts and engineering the third .
mathematics and the natural sciences [form] examples of the first , ethics and politics of the second , and fine arts and engineering the third .

The model being offered here suggests that far from merely being tools or means , they to a large extent constitute our stances in and towards the world ; in this sense , they lie across the base of the pyramid in Figure 2.1 .
the model being offered here suggests that far from merely being tools or means , they to a large extent [form] our stances in and towards the world ; in this sense , they lie across the base of the pyramid in figure 2.1 .

Thirdly , the model suggests one way of accounting for the peculiar nature of mathematics , computing and language , as the disciplines which constitute our stances in and towards the world , and for the way they relate to other disciplines , both servicing them at a mundane level and pervading them at a profound level .
thirdly , the model suggests one way of accounting for the peculiar nature of mathematics , computing and language , as the disciplines which [form] our stances in and towards the world , and for the way they relate to other disciplines , both servicing them at a mundane level and pervading them at a profound level .

They constitute no more than pointers towards an agenda for more detailed , empirical research .
they [form] no more than pointers towards an agenda for more detailed , empirical research .

The titles of such degrees bear this out : headings such as physics , geography , sociology , English and history refer to the well-established and familiar ‘ bodies of knowledge ’ discussed in Chapter 2 , which can constitute an ‘ internal ’ rationale for the course of study without any necessity to refer outside or beyond to the world of work .
the titles of such degrees bear this out : headings such as physics , geography , sociology , english and history refer to the well-established and familiar ‘ bodies of knowledge ’ discussed in chapter 2 , which can [form] an ‘ internal ’ rationale for the course of study without any necessity to refer outside or beyond to the world of work .

Their argument is subtle , depends heavily on examples , and is therefore difficult to summarize , but is based essentially on the idea that practice itself generates approaches , artistries , strategies and operational ( as distinct from espoused ) theories and concepts which together constitute a kind of knowledge which is general without being abstract .
their argument is subtle , depends heavily on examples , and is therefore difficult to summarize , but is based essentially on the idea that practice itself generates approaches , artistries , strategies and operational ( as distinct from espoused ) theories and concepts which together [form] a kind of knowledge which is general without being abstract .

Thus , a person may be conscious of , for example , family and friendship relationships , or membership of institutional groups , but he/she is not fully aware at any point of the multiple web of ( mainly informal ) relationships that constitute a ‘ social network ’ .
thus , a person may be conscious of , for example , family and friendship relationships , or membership of institutional groups , but he/she is not fully aware at any point of the multiple web of ( mainly informal ) relationships that [form] a ‘ social network ’ .

For these upper levels of control ( by contrast to the lower levels of those who were far more controlled than controlling ) , employment could constitute a career in which either seniority or achievement might be the basis for advancement .
for these upper levels of control ( by contrast to the lower levels of those who were far more controlled than controlling ) , employment could [form] a career in which either seniority or achievement might be the basis for advancement .

Organizations are arenas within which some things will tend to hang together and be adopted by power-players as a bundle , while other forms of combination may be far less likely to occur as a coherent package , perhaps because they are less coherent or because the alliance which could make them so lacks a position in the field of power to be able to constitute the necessity of its choices .
organizations are arenas within which some things will tend to hang together and be adopted by power-players as a bundle , while other forms of combination may be far less likely to occur as a coherent package , perhaps because they are less coherent or because the alliance which could make them so lacks a position in the field of power to be able to [form] the necessity of its choices .

It is such contrary themes which can provide the content for the internalized dialogue , which could be said to constitute deliberative thinking ( Billig , 1987 ) .
it is such contrary themes which can provide the content for the internalized dialogue , which could be said to [form] deliberative thinking ( billig , 1987 ) .

Without a justification being given , these ‘ wants ’ constitute the son of psychological state which is said to characterize prejudice .
without a justification being given , these ‘ wants ’ [form] the son of psychological state which is said to characterize prejudice .

These are the values and maxims which are common to a community and thereby constitute its ‘ common sense , ( see also Perelman and Olbrechts-Tyteca , 1971 ; Ferelman , 1979 ) .
these are the values and maxims which are common to a community and thereby [form] its ‘ common sense , ( see also perelman and olbrechts-tyteca , 1971 ; ferelman , 1979 ) .

any name the use of which would in the opinion of the Secretary of State constitute a criminal offence or be offensive .
any name the use of which would in the opinion of the secretary of state [form] a criminal offence or be offensive .

In order to understand how the Occupiers ' Liability Act 1957 operates we must consider who may be an occupier and who constitute lawful visitors .
in order to understand how the occupiers ' liability act 1957 operates we must consider who may be an occupier and who [form] lawful visitors .

The erection and maintenance of suitable notice boards or fencing or both , or the giving of suitable oral warning … will usually constitute reasonable endeavours for this purpose .
the erection and maintenance of suitable notice boards or fencing or both , or the giving of suitable oral warning … will usually [form] reasonable endeavours for this purpose .

In this literature , questions have been raised around a whole host of categories , relating to how far objects signify , symbolize , connote , denote , realize , constitute , reflect , embody and perhaps also objectify .
in this literature , questions have been raised around a whole host of categories , relating to how far objects signify , symbolize , connote , denote , realize , [form] , reflect , embody and perhaps also objectify .

From this example , we can draw a conclusion of crucial importance for the analysis of material culture : divisions which may appear important in language and ideology may be absent from object differentiation , while distinctions within the domain of artefacts may constitute important divisions which would elsewhere be ignored or denied .
from this example , we can draw a conclusion of crucial importance for the analysis of material culture : divisions which may appear important in language and ideology may be absent from object differentiation , while distinctions within the domain of artefacts may [form] important divisions which would elsewhere be ignored or denied .

As was noted in chapter 4 with respect to recent work on the hau , by embodying ancestral links objects may be the basis of an individual 's present social identity such that loss of the object would itself constitute a danger to the legitimacy and viability or the personage and the group he or she leads ( Wiener 1985 ) .
as was noted in chapter 4 with respect to recent work on the hau , by embodying ancestral links objects may be the basis of an individual 's present social identity such that loss of the object would itself [form] a danger to the legitimacy and viability or the personage and the group he or she leads ( wiener 1985 ) .

Some of these are further extended in the detached bungalow analysed by King ( 1984 ) , as part of an opposition to elements of modernity and urbanization which constitute the major transformations of the environment over the last two centuries .
some of these are further extended in the detached bungalow analysed by king ( 1984 ) , as part of an opposition to elements of modernity and urbanization which [form] the major transformations of the environment over the last two centuries .

Service occupations are not restricted to the service industries , nor , as indicated above , do they constitute the total workforce of service industries .
service occupations are not restricted to the service industries , nor , as indicated above , do they [form] the total workforce of service industries .

Just as there is some academic debate as to what discount rate should be used for public sector investment appraisal , there is also much discussion as to what constitute the relevant costs and benefits for certain of these projects .
just as there is some academic debate as to what discount rate should be used for public sector investment appraisal , there is also much discussion as to what [form] the relevant costs and benefits for certain of these projects .

Differences among people constitute a strength , not a weakness .
differences among people [form] a strength , not a weakness .

Shared criteria also constitute a double-edged sword : once those criteria are widely shared , people are able to recognize the importance of their local knowledge .
shared criteria also [form] a double-edged sword : once those criteria are widely shared , people are able to recognize the importance of their local knowledge .

Compliance systems appear to be concerned with victims in some aggregate rather than in a discrete or specific sense while penalty systems must deal with victims in the concrete since they constitute an element in their system of proof .
compliance systems appear to be concerned with victims in some aggregate rather than in a discrete or specific sense while penalty systems must deal with victims in the concrete since they [form] an element in their system of proof .

Even improvements in a number of effluents may not realize a noticeable change in water quality unless they constitute a substantial part of the flow of a watercourse .
even improvements in a number of effluents may not realize a noticeable change in water quality unless they [form] a substantial part of the flow of a watercourse .

Thus 26 and 27 taken together constitute strong evidence that dog is ambiguous .
thus 26 and 27 taken together [form] strong evidence that dog is ambiguous .

Where such equivalences can be found , they constitute satisfactory proof of hyponymy .
where such equivalences can be found , they [form] satisfactory proof of hyponymy .

To determine to which technical level an element belongs , one needs only to count the number of nodes downwards from the origin ( each element constitutes a node ) : the unique first element constitutes level 1 , all elements one node removed from the origin constitute level 2 , all elements two nodes removed constitute level 3 , and so on ( in a non-branching hierarchy , there is only one element at each level ) :
to determine to which technical level an element belongs , one needs only to count the number of nodes downwards from the origin ( each element constitutes a node ) : the unique first element constitutes level 1 , all elements one node removed from the origin [form] level 2 , all elements two nodes removed [form] level 3 , and so on ( in a non-branching hierarchy , there is only one element at each level ) :

Notice that the following configuration does not constitute a proportional series according to the above definition :
notice that the following configuration does not [form] a proportional series according to the above definition :

Observation was to constitute the major part of the second stage of the project .
observation was to [form] the major part of the second stage of the project .

Because of the success of The Making of the English Landscape people who had no interest in the countryside have read the book and been inspired by it But others have used the book and particularly this chapter as an authoritative statement that most hedges are modern and thus do not constitute a serious loss if they are removed to accommodate modern agricultural techniques .
because of the success of the making of the english landscape people who had no interest in the countryside have read the book and been inspired by it but others have used the book and particularly this chapter as an authoritative statement that most hedges are modern and thus do not [form] a serious loss if they are removed to accommodate modern agricultural techniques .

… there is some practical convergence between ( i ) the anthropological and sociological senses of culture as a distinct ‘ whole way of life ’ , within which , now , a distinctive ‘ signifying system ’ is seen not only as essential but as essentially involved in all forms of social activity , and ( ii ) the more specialized if also more common sense of culture as ‘ artistic and intellectual activities ’ , though these , because of the emphasis on a general signifying system , are now much more broadly defined , to include not only the traditional arts and forms of intellectual production but also all the ‘ signifying practices ’ — from language through the arts and philosophy to journalism , fashion and advertising — which now constitute this complex and necessarily extended field .
… there is some practical convergence between ( i ) the anthropological and sociological senses of culture as a distinct ‘ whole way of life ’ , within which , now , a distinctive ‘ signifying system ’ is seen not only as essential but as essentially involved in all forms of social activity , and ( ii ) the more specialized if also more common sense of culture as ‘ artistic and intellectual activities ’ , though these , because of the emphasis on a general signifying system , are now much more broadly defined , to include not only the traditional arts and forms of intellectual production but also all the ‘ signifying practices ’ — from language through the arts and philosophy to journalism , fashion and advertising — which now [form] this complex and necessarily extended field .

How do these different ways of understanding contemporary racism relate to the ideologies of reading which were applied to the study texts ? Is it just that people selectively applied to the task in hand some of the ideas they had come across in reading various books ? Or was the way they engaged with these theoretical explanations of racism governed by the same conditions as applied to their reading of the ‘ primary ’ material ? That question raises a further and even more interesting one about the status of different kinds of accounts . Are theories just another kind of story , or do they constitute a radically distinct form of discourse ?
how do these different ways of understanding contemporary racism relate to the ideologies of reading which were applied to the study texts ? is it just that people selectively applied to the task in hand some of the ideas they had come across in reading various books ? or was the way they engaged with these theoretical explanations of racism governed by the same conditions as applied to their reading of the ‘ primary ’ material ? that question raises a further and even more interesting one about the status of different kinds of accounts . are theories just another kind of story , or do they [form] a radically distinct form of discourse ?

Finally there are some deeper structural factors which constitute the hidden or unconscious premises of these types of racist discourse .
finally there are some deeper structural factors which [form] the hidden or unconscious premises of these types of racist discourse .

Until 31 October 1980 , the House of Commons took the view that any reference to Hansard in court proceedings would constitute a breach of its privileges and required a petition for leave to use Hansard to be presented in each case .
until 31 october 1980 , the house of commons took the view that any reference to hansard in court proceedings would [form] a breach of its privileges and required a petition for leave to use hansard to be presented in each case .

If the outcome of this case depends upon whether or not reference is made to Hansard , how should the matter proceed in the face of the warnings of the Attorney-General that such references might constitute a breach of parliamentary privilege ?
if the outcome of this case depends upon whether or not reference is made to hansard , how should the matter proceed in the face of the warnings of the attorney-general that such references might [form] a breach of parliamentary privilege ?

Any engagement of casual work does not constitute a contract of employment between the casual worker and the Company .
any engagement of casual work does not [form] a contract of employment between the casual worker and the company .

Second , any refusal of an offer of work because an engagement with another organization had been accepted , although normally not sufficient to debar a casual from further offers , would constitute a break of employment .
second , any refusal of an offer of work because an engagement with another organization had been accepted , although normally not sufficient to debar a casual from further offers , would [form] a break of employment .

Otherwise unemployed people constitute an important seasonal labour force in the holiday camps sector .
otherwise unemployed people [form] an important seasonal labour force in the holiday camps sector .

Those wanting to stay throughout the season do so , but they constitute only about a quarter of initial recruitments and come disproportionately from the category of `` persons who work in the holiday Industry `` and usually occupy the more skilled jobs .
those wanting to stay throughout the season do so , but they [form] only about a quarter of initial recruitments and come disproportionately from the category of `` persons who work in the holiday industry `` and usually occupy the more skilled jobs .

Each organisation or society is free to decide what shall constitute a quorum at its own meeting but , when a number or proportion has been decided , it is incorporated into the standing orders and becomes binding at all future meetings .
each organisation or society is free to decide what shall [form] a quorum at its own meeting but , when a number or proportion has been decided , it is incorporated into the standing orders and becomes binding at all future meetings .

And the observation , without further discussion , that the omission of the words ‘ without the consent of the owner ’ is deliberate seems to have led directly to the erroneous conclusion that a supposed appropriation with the consent of the owner is one of the four ingredients which are required ( and which suffice ) to constitute theft .
and the observation , without further discussion , that the omission of the words ‘ without the consent of the owner ’ is deliberate seems to have led directly to the erroneous conclusion that a supposed appropriation with the consent of the owner is one of the four ingredients which are required ( and which suffice ) to [form] theft .

where potential deferred tax on a revalued asset has not been shown because the revaluation does not constitute a timing difference , the fact that it is not a timing difference and that tax has therefore not been provided should be shown .
where potential deferred tax on a revalued asset has not been shown because the revaluation does not [form] a timing difference , the fact that it is not a timing difference and that tax has therefore not been provided should be shown .

The scented-leaved geranium constitute a different group of plants to the hardy kinds grown outdoors as border perennials , which are species of the genus Geranium .
the scented-leaved geranium [form] a different group of plants to the hardy kinds grown outdoors as border perennials , which are species of the genus geranium .

Observations of prenatal neuro-anatomical asymmetry in language-related areas of the brain constitute indirect evidence in favour of a genetic blue-print but it is not yet certain that the anatomical asymmetry actually relates to functional asymmetry after birth .
observations of prenatal neuro-anatomical asymmetry in language-related areas of the brain [form] indirect evidence in favour of a genetic blue-print but it is not yet certain that the anatomical asymmetry actually relates to functional asymmetry after birth .

For both left and right visual fields it takes longer to reject as `` illegal `` , in a lexical decision task , pseudo-homophones ( letter strings that do not constitute words but sound like real words , e.g. ``
for both left and right visual fields it takes longer to reject as `` illegal `` , in a lexical decision task , pseudo-homophones ( letter strings that do not [form] words but sound like real words , e.g. ``

Locus standi to argue for a relisting would seemingly not require a fresh certificate as it would not constitute an appeal as such but an application to the House to exercise an inherent jurisdiction to re-open an appeal , analogous to that developed by the Court of Appeal , in order to do justice under the scheme of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 .
locus standi to argue for a relisting would seemingly not require a fresh certificate as it would not [form] an appeal as such but an application to the house to exercise an inherent jurisdiction to re-open an appeal , analogous to that developed by the court of appeal , in order to do justice under the scheme of the criminal appeal act 1968 .

‘ Whether the conversion of one substance which is a controlled drug into a chemically and physically different substance which is also a controlled drug can constitute ‘ production ’ of a controlled drug within the meaning of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 ? ’
‘ whether the conversion of one substance which is a controlled drug into a chemically and physically different substance which is also a controlled drug can [form] ‘ production ’ of a controlled drug within the meaning of the misuse of drugs act 1971 ? ’

He does not deny that there are groups of workers who are intermediate between these two classes , but he argues that they do not constitute a fully developed class .
he does not deny that there are groups of workers who are intermediate between these two classes , but he argues that they do not [form] a fully developed class .

The following question can now be posed . If science is based on experience , then by what means is it possible to get from the singular statements that result from observation to the universal statements that make up scientific knowledge ? How can the very general , unrestricted claims that constitute our theories be justified on the basis of limited evidence comprised of a limited number of observation statements ?
the following question can now be posed . if science is based on experience , then by what means is it possible to get from the singular statements that result from observation to the universal statements that make up scientific knowledge ? how can the very general , unrestricted claims that [form] our theories be justified on the basis of limited evidence comprised of a limited number of observation statements ?

Nevertheless , these arguments do not constitute a definitive refutation of inductivism , especially as it turns out that many rival theories of science face a similar , related difficulty .
nevertheless , these arguments do not [form] a definitive refutation of inductivism , especially as it turns out that many rival theories of science face a similar , related difficulty .

According to the inductivist account of science , the secure basis on which the laws and theories that constitute science are built is made up of public observation statements rather than the private , subjective experiences of individual observers .
according to the inductivist account of science , the secure basis on which the laws and theories that [form] science are built is made up of public observation statements rather than the private , subjective experiences of individual observers .

Observation statements are as fallible as the theories they presuppose and therefore do not constitute a completely secure basis on which to build scientific laws and theories .
observation statements are as fallible as the theories they presuppose and therefore do not [form] a completely secure basis on which to build scientific laws and theories .

Ideally , the falsificationist would like to be able to say that the series of theories that constitute the historical evolution of a science is made up of falsifiable theories , each one in the series being more falsifiable than its predecessor .
ideally , the falsificationist would like to be able to say that the series of theories that [form] the historical evolution of a science is made up of falsifiable theories , each one in the series being more falsifiable than its predecessor .

All these tests , many of which do not constitute tests of the original hypothesis , could result in the falsification of the modified hypothesis .
all these tests , many of which do not [form] tests of the original hypothesis , could result in the falsification of the modified hypothesis .

Cases of the former kind will be informative , and constitute an important contribution to scientific knowledge , simply because they mark the discovery of something that was previously unheard of or considered unlikely .
cases of the former kind will be informative , and [form] an important contribution to scientific knowledge , simply because they mark the discovery of something that was previously unheard of or considered unlikely .

Confirmations of new theories are important insofar as they constitute evidence that a new theory is an improvement on the theory it replaces , the theory that is falsified by the evidence unearthed with the aid of , and confirming , the new theory .
confirmations of new theories are important insofar as they [form] evidence that a new theory is an improvement on the theory it replaces , the theory that is falsified by the evidence unearthed with the aid of , and confirming , the new theory .

will constitute worthwhile scientific activity insofar as they will lead to increases in the estimate of the probability of the truth of the law of gravitation .
will [form] worthwhile scientific activity insofar as they will lead to increases in the estimate of the probability of the truth of the law of gravitation .

Any inadequacy in the match between an articulated research programme and observational data is to be attributed , not to assumptions that constitute the hard core , but to some other part of the theoretical structure .
any inadequacy in the match between an articulated research programme and observational data is to be attributed , not to assumptions that [form] the hard core , but to some other part of the theoretical structure .

The maze of assumptions that constitute this other part of the structure is what Lakatos refers to as the protective belt .
the maze of assumptions that [form] this other part of the structure is what lakatos refers to as the protective belt .

The mere existence of unsolved puzzles within a paradigm does not constitute a crisis .
the mere existence of unsolved puzzles within a paradigm does not [form] a crisis .

Criteria such as these constitute the values of the scientific community .
criteria such as these [form] the values of the scientific community .

The phenomenon of second homes in rural areas has been quite widely researched , although there is debate as to their definition ( Dower 1977 ; Davies and O'Farrell 1981 ) and little agreement as to whether they constitute a ‘ curse or a blessing ’ ( Coppock 1977 ) .
the phenomenon of second homes in rural areas has been quite widely researched , although there is debate as to their definition ( dower 1977 ; davies and o'farrell 1981 ) and little agreement as to whether they [form] a ‘ curse or a blessing ’ ( coppock 1977 ) .

Route mileage alone is not a very useful index of service quality since a reduction in frequency in one area can constitute a more serious deterioration in service than a complete closure of a very lightly used route elsewhere ( Moseley et al .
route mileage alone is not a very useful index of service quality since a reduction in frequency in one area can [form] a more serious deterioration in service than a complete closure of a very lightly used route elsewhere ( moseley et al .

Several groups now constitute what can evocatively be called the ‘ transport poor ’ ( Wibberley 1978 ) .
several groups now [form] what can evocatively be called the ‘ transport poor ’ ( wibberley 1978 ) .

If the defendants should succeed in such an application , upon the ground that a verdict and judgment for libel in favour of the council , as a local government authority , would constitute a breach of article 10 , it would be for this country to decide whether to leave the law as it would , on that hypothesis , have been declared to be , or to change it to avoid the risk of repetition .
if the defendants should succeed in such an application , upon the ground that a verdict and judgment for libel in favour of the council , as a local government authority , would [form] a breach of article 10 , it would be for this country to decide whether to leave the law as it would , on that hypothesis , have been declared to be , or to change it to avoid the risk of repetition .

that there was no delay either in the investigation of the complaint or in the bringing of these proceedings which could properly be said to constitute an abuse of the process of the court ;
that there was no delay either in the investigation of the complaint or in the bringing of these proceedings which could properly be said to [form] an abuse of the process of the court ;

This seems to imply that the section can not apply if it is the proceedings themselves which constitute the matter which is of general public interest .
this seems to imply that the section can not apply if it is the proceedings themselves which [form] the matter which is of general public interest .

Held , the indictment would be marked ‘ stayed ’ on the ground that the continuation of the case would constitute a misuse of the processes of the court and a fair trial was not possible .
held , the indictment would be marked ‘ stayed ’ on the ground that the continuation of the case would [form] a misuse of the processes of the court and a fair trial was not possible .

At any one time , therefore , most of the many beliefs that constitute our knowledge of what goes on in the world are beliefs that we do n't know we have .
at any one time , therefore , most of the many beliefs that [form] our knowledge of what goes on in the world are beliefs that we do n't know we have .

It is not un determined but over determined , and the ruling interests in the social formation take the lead in setting the predispositions which are always trying to constitute a received shape .
it is not un determined but over determined , and the ruling interests in the social formation take the lead in setting the predispositions which are always trying to [form] a received shape .

Indeed , one schema for interpreting the music would be in terms of a continuous struggle to constitute collective subjects ( defined by mixes of class , gender , age , nationality and ethnicity criteria ) , against both the culture industry 's tendential ‘ mass subject ’ , and , equally , the ‘ individual subject ’ of the avant-garde ( or in another sense , of bourgeois memory ) .
indeed , one schema for interpreting the music would be in terms of a continuous struggle to [form] collective subjects ( defined by mixes of class , gender , age , nationality and ethnicity criteria ) , against both the culture industry 's tendential ‘ mass subject ’ , and , equally , the ‘ individual subject ’ of the avant-garde ( or in another sense , of bourgeois memory ) .

The resistance to Heath on the part of the union movement clearly had mass support , but equally clearly this resistance movement was not able to constitute itself , as it were , into a hegemonic political force capable of securing a workable parliamentary majority through the Labour Party and imposing a radical alternative course of social development ( it was much less able , of course , to constitute itself as the nucleus of an alternative state power in an extra-parliamentary manner ) .
the resistance to heath on the part of the union movement clearly had mass support , but equally clearly this resistance movement was not able to [form] itself , as it were , into a hegemonic political force capable of securing a workable parliamentary majority through the labour party and imposing a radical alternative course of social development ( it was much less able , of course , to [form] itself as the nucleus of an alternative state power in an extra-parliamentary manner ) .

For one thing , absurd as the respect paid Lenin may seem in the West , his works in fact constitute a much looser strait-jacket than did Stalin 's Short Course : composed in the heat of political struggle and fierce polemics , Lenin 's works are far from unambiguous and he can be quoted in support of conflicting interpretations of many secondary issues .
for one thing , absurd as the respect paid lenin may seem in the west , his works in fact [form] a much looser strait-jacket than did stalin 's short course : composed in the heat of political struggle and fierce polemics , lenin 's works are far from unambiguous and he can be quoted in support of conflicting interpretations of many secondary issues .

At their most strident , scholars in each group have claimed that the trends they have identified constitute the norm for the whole Empire .
at their most strident , scholars in each group have claimed that the trends they have identified [form] the norm for the whole empire .

But there were enough to constitute an underground community , a clandestine network of social outcasts and émigrés .
but there were enough to [form] an underground community , a clandestine network of social outcasts and émigrés .

Firstly , we have ‘ a state of affairs that is so acute as to constitute a danger ’ — and , we would add , a moral challenge of a scale which makes it one of the most pressing social issues of the day .
firstly , we have ‘ a state of affairs that is so acute as to [form] a danger ’ — and , we would add , a moral challenge of a scale which makes it one of the most pressing social issues of the day .

‘ Power and knowledge directly imply each other … there is no power relation without the correlative constitution of a field of knowledge , nor any knowledge that does not presuppose and constitute at the same time power relations ’ ( Foucault , 1977 : 27 ) .
‘ power and knowledge directly imply each other … there is no power relation without the correlative constitution of a field of knowledge , nor any knowledge that does not presuppose and [form] at the same time power relations ’ ( foucault , 1977 : 27 ) .

So decisions as to venue for trial constitute another important set of pre-trial decisions for which responsibility rests largely with magistrates ( though defendants have a right to elect for trial in the Crown Court , even if the magistrates would be prepared to accept jurisdiction ) .
so decisions as to venue for trial [form] another important set of pre-trial decisions for which responsibility rests largely with magistrates ( though defendants have a right to elect for trial in the crown court , even if the magistrates would be prepared to accept jurisdiction ) .

But did these feelings constitute love ?
but did these feelings [form] love ?

It must be stressed that although a natural condition can not give rise to liability under the rule in Rylands v. Fletcher it may still constitute a nuisance for which an occupier may be liable if he has knowledge or means of knowledge of its existence and if it is reasonable to require him to take the necessary steps to abate it .
it must be stressed that although a natural condition can not give rise to liability under the rule in rylands v. fletcher it may still [form] a nuisance for which an occupier may be liable if he has knowledge or means of knowledge of its existence and if it is reasonable to require him to take the necessary steps to abate it .

Such an interpretation allows the courts to hold that a common activity such as the collection and storage of gas or water does not constitute a non-natural use of land , even though the injury potential of the activity is high .
such an interpretation allows the courts to hold that a common activity such as the collection and storage of gas or water does not [form] a non-natural use of land , even though the injury potential of the activity is high .

To constitute an offence under those sections the waste must have been deposited on an unlicensed site or in breach of the conditions in the licence , must amount to an ‘ environmental hazard ’ and must have been deposited in such circumstances or for such a period that whoever deposited it there may reasonably be assumed to have abandoned it there or to have brought it there for the purpose of its being disposed as waste .
to [form] an offence under those sections the waste must have been deposited on an unlicensed site or in breach of the conditions in the licence , must amount to an ‘ environmental hazard ’ and must have been deposited in such circumstances or for such a period that whoever deposited it there may reasonably be assumed to have abandoned it there or to have brought it there for the purpose of its being disposed as waste .

that the defendant took care to inform himself , from others who were in a position to provide the information , as to whether the deposit would constitute an offence and had no reason to suppose that the information given to him was false or misleading ;
that the defendant took care to inform himself , from others who were in a position to provide the information , as to whether the deposit would [form] an offence and had no reason to suppose that the information given to him was false or misleading ;

We argue that lone mothers constitute the vast majority of those classified as unoccupied at both census and death registration .
we argue that lone mothers [form] the vast majority of those classified as unoccupied at both census and death registration .

The fact that we already participate in certain ways in what are effectively rationing decisions does not constitute an argument for greatly increasing the scope and visibility of that role .
the fact that we already participate in certain ways in what are effectively rationing decisions does not [form] an argument for greatly increasing the scope and visibility of that role .

Lethal and severe defects together constitute major congenital abnormalities .
lethal and severe defects together [form] major congenital abnormalities .

`` In Several parts of the Country , they have already established the Herring Gauge Barril filled to the Brim as a proper measure by which Putatoes aught to be bought and sold , and that four fulls of the said Barril shou 'd constitute the Boll , but that in other quarters of the Countrey they are in use to Buy and Sell Putatoes by a Creel measure which is very uncertain .
`` in several parts of the country , they have already established the herring gauge barril filled to the brim as a proper measure by which putatoes aught to be bought and sold , and that four fulls of the said barril shou 'd [form] the boll , but that in other quarters of the countrey they are in use to buy and sell putatoes by a creel measure which is very uncertain .

3–8- The Free Presbytery of Islay met and resolved to constitute themselves a Kirk Session , and on 30–10 did so again , considered nominations and elected Neil McNeill of Laggan and Charles McNeill of Lossit elders . ``
3–8- the free presbytery of islay met and resolved to [form] themselves a kirk session , and on 30–10 did so again , considered nominations and elected neil mcneill of laggan and charles mcneill of lossit elders . ``

Two papers by Fletcher et al ( p 622 ) and Hole et al ( p 609 ) in this week 's journal constitute the latest chapter in the slowly unfolding chronicle on hypertension and cancer .
two papers by fletcher et al ( p 622 ) and hole et al ( p 609 ) in this week 's journal [form] the latest chapter in the slowly unfolding chronicle on hypertension and cancer .

Both reports constitute post hoc analyses of data on several thousand patients followed up for varying periods at regional hypertension clinics .
both reports [form] post hoc analyses of data on several thousand patients followed up for varying periods at regional hypertension clinics .

His words constitute a fervent expression of faith in a new creed , a new political and social system , a new kind of literature which together have a rejuvenating and energising capacity that stands in marked contrast to the corruption and dissolution of a decaying , moribund capitalist society .
his words [form] a fervent expression of faith in a new creed , a new political and social system , a new kind of literature which together have a rejuvenating and energising capacity that stands in marked contrast to the corruption and dissolution of a decaying , moribund capitalist society .

What appears to me to be essential both for the reader and for the novelist who together constitute a couple — and a couple always comprises two accomplices — is to guide complicity along a most exacting path .
what appears to me to be essential both for the reader and for the novelist who together [form] a couple — and a couple always comprises two accomplices — is to guide complicity along a most exacting path .

His novels , unlike other aspects of his literary production , span the full period of his adult writing career and constitute a global critical mirror in which are reflected , distorted , concealed and exaggerated the social , political and metaphysical problems of this particular historical period .
his novels , unlike other aspects of his literary production , span the full period of his adult writing career and [form] a global critical mirror in which are reflected , distorted , concealed and exaggerated the social , political and metaphysical problems of this particular historical period .

that things or entities constitute the hard core of reality .
that things or entities [form] the hard core of reality .

In any case , if one insists on talking about knowledge , the question that will have to be answered sooner or later is what does constitute genuine knowledge , and if it should turn out , as it well might , that in defining the conditions of knowledge one has to make use of existential propositions of one sort or another , then the suggested reductivist paraphrase will not have achieved its purpose .
in any case , if one insists on talking about knowledge , the question that will have to be answered sooner or later is what does [form] genuine knowledge , and if it should turn out , as it well might , that in defining the conditions of knowledge one has to make use of existential propositions of one sort or another , then the suggested reductivist paraphrase will not have achieved its purpose .

Bury it underground : There 's a popular misconception that plastics constitute a hazard to the environment by taking up most of the space in landfill and that , because they do n't degrade , cause lasting damage .
bury it underground : there 's a popular misconception that plastics [form] a hazard to the environment by taking up most of the space in landfill and that , because they do n't degrade , cause lasting damage .

The words on the page constitute a lifeless text until the poem is evoked ( literally , ‘ called forth ’ ) by the reader , who is given an autonomy as powerful as the writer 's when she gets deep into a text , using all her mental , emotional and physical experiences — and makes a poem of it : evokes it .
the words on the page [form] a lifeless text until the poem is evoked ( literally , ‘ called forth ’ ) by the reader , who is given an autonomy as powerful as the writer 's when she gets deep into a text , using all her mental , emotional and physical experiences — and makes a poem of it : evokes it .

Urry ( 1982 : 39 ) asserts that ‘ Localities are … the prime site in which social practices are made and sustained , social practices which constitute social systems ’ .
urry ( 1982 : 39 ) asserts that ‘ localities are … the prime site in which social practices are made and sustained , social practices which [form] social systems ’ .

Since women constitute rather more than half of the population of Britain , discussions of their social position will be found in all of the other chapters of this book .
since women [form] rather more than half of the population of britain , discussions of their social position will be found in all of the other chapters of this book .

The third part is dominated by two chapters on perception , which perhaps constitute the centre of the book .
the third part is dominated by two chapters on perception , which perhaps [form] the centre of the book .

The latter constitute our epistemological foundations , the former the superstructure built on those foundations .
the latter [form] our epistemological foundations , the former the superstructure built on those foundations .

Observation sentences can be individually verified and our acceptance of them justified one by one , and constitute the evidence on which the non-observational , that is to say the whole of science , must rest ; this is the epistemological asymmetry .
observation sentences can be individually verified and our acceptance of them justified one by one , and [form] the evidence on which the non-observational , that is to say the whole of science , must rest ; this is the epistemological asymmetry .

We shall insist that these events do not constitute part of the text ( though they may form part of the relevant context , cf .
we shall insist that these events do not [form] part of the text ( though they may form part of the relevant context , cf .

Hymes ' features constitute essentially a checklist which would enable a visiting ethnographer to arrive by helicopter in a location where a communicative event is in process and to check off the detail of the nature of the communicative event .
hymes ' features [form] essentially a checklist which would enable a visiting ethnographer to arrive by helicopter in a location where a communicative event is in process and to check off the detail of the nature of the communicative event .

Thus , on the one hand , expectations make interpretation possible and , on the other , they constitute an extension or further affirmation of their own validity .
thus , on the one hand , expectations make interpretation possible and , on the other , they [form] an extension or further affirmation of their own validity .

For the individual participant in a chatting relationship , this does not constitute a difficulty , because he has plenty of previous personal and local experience to call upon .
for the individual participant in a chatting relationship , this does not [form] a difficulty , because he has plenty of previous personal and local experience to call upon .

The imperative 'need to find regularities ' which Popper speaks of , coupled with Bartlett 's ‘ effort after meaning ’ , constitute a powerful expectation in human beings that what is said or written will make sense in the context in which it appears .
the imperative 'need to find regularities ' which popper speaks of , coupled with bartlett 's ‘ effort after meaning ’ , [form] a powerful expectation in human beings that what is said or written will make sense in the context in which it appears .

Those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual framework within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic framework .
those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they [form] the contextual framework within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic framework .

Ten thousand birds and an equal number of chicks constitute an enormous quantity of meat .
ten thousand birds and an equal number of chicks [form] an enormous quantity of meat .

Belief in supreme beings of whatever creed or breed seemed to Kate to constitute an evasion of personal responsibility .
belief in supreme beings of whatever creed or breed seemed to kate to [form] an evasion of personal responsibility .

‘ ( 1 ) The consent of a minor who has attained the age of 16 years to any surgical , medical or dental treatment which , in the absence of consent , would constitute a trespass to his person , shall be as effective as it would be if he were of full age ; and where a minor has by virtue of this section given an effective consent to any treatment it shall not be necessary to obtain any consent for it from his parent or guardian .
‘ ( 1 ) the consent of a minor who has attained the age of 16 years to any surgical , medical or dental treatment which , in the absence of consent , would [form] a trespass to his person , shall be as effective as it would be if he were of full age ; and where a minor has by virtue of this section given an effective consent to any treatment it shall not be necessary to obtain any consent for it from his parent or guardian .

If the parental right terminates , it would follow that , apart from the court , the only person competent to consent would be the child and a refusal of consent to treatment would indirectly constitute an effective veto on the treatment itself .
if the parental right terminates , it would follow that , apart from the court , the only person competent to consent would be the child and a refusal of consent to treatment would indirectly [form] an effective veto on the treatment itself .

It does not , however , extend to the donation of organs or blood since , so far as the donor is concerned , these do not constitute either treatment or diagnosis .
it does not , however , extend to the donation of organs or blood since , so far as the donor is concerned , these do not [form] either treatment or diagnosis .

‘ ( 1 ) The consent of a minor who has attained the age of 16 years to any … medical … treatment which , in the absence of consent , would constitute a trespass to his person , shall be as effective as it would be if he were of full age ; and where a minor has by virtue of this section given an effective consent to any treatment it shall not be necessary to obtain any consent for it from his parent or guardian .
‘ ( 1 ) the consent of a minor who has attained the age of 16 years to any … medical … treatment which , in the absence of consent , would [form] a trespass to his person , shall be as effective as it would be if he were of full age ; and where a minor has by virtue of this section given an effective consent to any treatment it shall not be necessary to obtain any consent for it from his parent or guardian .

It was contended before the deputy judge that the writing by the deceased of his name , as part of the phrase ‘ My Will by Percy Winterbone , ’ did not constitute a signature for the purposes of paragraph ( a ) of section 9 .
it was contended before the deputy judge that the writing by the deceased of his name , as part of the phrase ‘ my will by percy winterbone , ’ did not [form] a signature for the purposes of paragraph ( a ) of section 9 .

‘ In the judgment of this court , when a witness is shown to have made previous statements inconsistent with the evidence given by that witness at the trial , the jury should not merely be directed that the evidence given at the trial should be regarded as unreliable ; they should also be directed that the previous statements , whether sworn or unsworn , do not constitute evidence upon which they can act .
‘ in the judgment of this court , when a witness is shown to have made previous statements inconsistent with the evidence given by that witness at the trial , the jury should not merely be directed that the evidence given at the trial should be regarded as unreliable ; they should also be directed that the previous statements , whether sworn or unsworn , do not [form] evidence upon which they can act .

Nor did the fact that the defendants had a direct financial interest in securing a sale of Vertigo constitute a breach of fiduciary duty since the contract of agency envisaged that they might have such a conflict of interest .
nor did the fact that the defendants had a direct financial interest in securing a sale of vertigo [form] a breach of fiduciary duty since the contract of agency envisaged that they might have such a conflict of interest .

With respect to the second part of the question , it must be observed , as already indicated above , that the ‘ special jurisdictions ' enumerated in articles 5 and 6 of the Convention constitute derogations from the principle that jurisdiction is vested in the courts of the State where the defendant is domiciled and as such must be interpreted restrictively .
with respect to the second part of the question , it must be observed , as already indicated above , that the ‘ special jurisdictions ' enumerated in articles 5 and 6 of the convention [form] derogations from the principle that jurisdiction is vested in the courts of the state where the defendant is domiciled and as such must be interpreted restrictively .

Treating him without his consent or despite a refusal of consent will constitute the civil wrong of trespass to the person and may constitute a crime .
treating him without his consent or despite a refusal of consent will [form] the civil wrong of trespass to the person and may [form] a crime .

Importunity or threats , such as the testator has not the courage to resist , moral command asserted and yielded to for the sake of peace and quiet , or of escaping from distress of mind or social discomfort , these , if carried to a degree in which the free play of the testator 's judgment , discretion or wishes , is overborne , will constitute undue influence , though no force is either used or threatened .
importunity or threats , such as the testator has not the courage to resist , moral command asserted and yielded to for the sake of peace and quiet , or of escaping from distress of mind or social discomfort , these , if carried to a degree in which the free play of the testator 's judgment , discretion or wishes , is overborne , will [form] undue influence , though no force is either used or threatened .

Thus , in a class 1 case ( actual undue influence ) , the creditor must have notice of the circumstances alleged to constitute the actual exercise of the undue influence ; in a class 2 case it must have notice of the circumstances from which the presumption of undue influence is alleged to arise .
thus , in a class 1 case ( actual undue influence ) , the creditor must have notice of the circumstances alleged to [form] the actual exercise of the undue influence ; in a class 2 case it must have notice of the circumstances from which the presumption of undue influence is alleged to arise .

So the crucial question is whether , if the basic valuation is produced by an employee of a building society , any failure to exercise due care and skill can constitute maladministration .
so the crucial question is whether , if the basic valuation is produced by an employee of a building society , any failure to exercise due care and skill can [form] maladministration .

In consequence , it was submitted , the relevant action was taken not by the society , the report was not required by the society for its own purposes and was thus not in relation to the grant or refusal of an advance , and a report negligently prepared could not constitute maladministration or a breach of the society 's obligations under any contract .
in consequence , it was submitted , the relevant action was taken not by the society , the report was not required by the society for its own purposes and was thus not in relation to the grant or refusal of an advance , and a report negligently prepared could not [form] maladministration or a breach of the society 's obligations under any contract .

‘ The provisions of articles 30 to 34 shall not preclude prohibitions or restrictions on imports , exports , or goods in transit justified on the grounds of … public policy … the protection of health and life of humans ; … Such prohibitions or restrictions shall not , however , constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguise to restriction on trade between member states .
‘ the provisions of articles 30 to 34 shall not preclude prohibitions or restrictions on imports , exports , or goods in transit justified on the grounds of … public policy … the protection of health and life of humans ; … such prohibitions or restrictions shall not , however , [form] a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguise to restriction on trade between member states .

They must show that the Crown by its servants was exercising , or threatening to exercise , powers under the statute in such a way as to constitute compulsion in law .
they must show that the crown by its servants was exercising , or threatening to exercise , powers under the statute in such a way as to [form] compulsion in law .

He accepted that his submissions on duress were substantially subsumed in his primary argument but he maintained that a threat by the Crown to sue put Woolwich on unequal terms and that this was sufficient to constitute duress .
he accepted that his submissions on duress were substantially subsumed in his primary argument but he maintained that a threat by the crown to sue put woolwich on unequal terms and that this was sufficient to [form] duress .

Walker still produce three varieties of their traditional trailing log ; they constitute the company 's biggest selling products .
walker still produce three varieties of their traditional trailing log ; they [form] the company 's biggest selling products .

Altogether , Hannah 's meadows constitute a very rare and beautiful piece of land which will now , thankfully , be preserved for ever and farmed always in the Hauxwell manner .
altogether , hannah 's meadows [form] a very rare and beautiful piece of land which will now , thankfully , be preserved for ever and farmed always in the hauxwell manner .

When the only choice appears to be between continuing depression or continuing the various problems associated with drink or drug use , it is small wonder that sufferers from Chemical Dependency constitute 30 % of those people who commit suicide .
when the only choice appears to be between continuing depression or continuing the various problems associated with drink or drug use , it is small wonder that sufferers from chemical dependency [form] 30 % of those people who commit suicide .

( 13 ) For the purposes of any proceedings at the quarterly meeting in March in the final year of office of members of a licensing board which are not finally disposed of before the expiry in that year of the term of office of the members , the members of the licensing board in office at the date of the said meeting shall , notwithstanding such expiry , be deemed to constitute the licensing board .
( 13 ) for the purposes of any proceedings at the quarterly meeting in march in the final year of office of members of a licensing board which are not finally disposed of before the expiry in that year of the term of office of the members , the members of the licensing board in office at the date of the said meeting shall , notwithstanding such expiry , be deemed to [form] the licensing board .

It also means that they will favour particular types of product , service or shopping , and will constitute a viable market for these particular products or retail outlets .
it also means that they will favour particular types of product , service or shopping , and will [form] a viable market for these particular products or retail outlets .

If we add to that the distinct empires which units and special schools often constitute and whose border crossings have indeterminate customs regulations , then there is scope for duplication and confusion in most LEAs ' provision .
if we add to that the distinct empires which units and special schools often [form] and whose border crossings have indeterminate customs regulations , then there is scope for duplication and confusion in most leas ' provision .

In this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to determine their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .
in this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus [form] a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to determine their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .

Many of the canvases produced in the later part of 1906 constitute what might be called a ‘ crisis ’ point in Picasso 's art in that he was becoming increasingly obsessed with creating figures which were heavily volumetric , indeed often almost grotesquely bulky , but which simultaneously adhered or clung to the picture plane : the effect they produce could best be described by imagining a series of pneumatic models pushed up against heavy panes of glass and pumped up with air , so that they get larger and larger whilst simultaneously flattening up against the surface in front of them .
many of the canvases produced in the later part of 1906 [form] what might be called a ‘ crisis ’ point in picasso 's art in that he was becoming increasingly obsessed with creating figures which were heavily volumetric , indeed often almost grotesquely bulky , but which simultaneously adhered or clung to the picture plane : the effect they produce could best be described by imagining a series of pneumatic models pushed up against heavy panes of glass and pumped up with air , so that they get larger and larger whilst simultaneously flattening up against the surface in front of them .

All those rules which constitute natural justice are related directly or indirectly to the idea of presenting proofs and reasoned argument .
all those rules which [form] natural justice are related directly or indirectly to the idea of presenting proofs and reasoned argument .

It is therefore of importance to establish what will constitute a pecuniary interest .
it is therefore of importance to establish what will [form] a pecuniary interest .

Administrators may have guidelines to help them to interpret a broadly worded statute , the application of which should not in itself constitute bias .
administrators may have guidelines to help them to interpret a broadly worded statute , the application of which should not in itself [form] bias .

The elements within the bracket constitute the furnished tenancy ; or , conversely , the term furnished tenancy is a shorthand description of the presence of those elements .
the elements within the bracket [form] the furnished tenancy ; or , conversely , the term furnished tenancy is a shorthand description of the presence of those elements .

The conception of meaning is raised in that the Gordon argument envisages a formal separation between the term furnished tenancy , which goes to scope , and the elements within the bracket which constitute it .
the conception of meaning is raised in that the gordon argument envisages a formal separation between the term furnished tenancy , which goes to scope , and the elements within the bracket which [form] it .

Put simply , once we move away from the commencement theory of jurisdiction then the rationale for saying that absence of evidence does not constitute a jurisdictional defect simply disappears .
put simply , once we move away from the commencement theory of jurisdiction then the rationale for saying that absence of evidence does not [form] a jurisdictional defect simply disappears .

The ratio of Nat Bell , that no evidence does not constitute a jurisdictional error , was simply the natural consequence of a conception of jurisdiction under which the courts would not reassess the meaning ascribed to the constituent elements of jurisdiction .
the ratio of nat bell , that no evidence does not [form] a jurisdictional error , was simply the natural consequence of a conception of jurisdiction under which the courts would not reassess the meaning ascribed to the constituent elements of jurisdiction .

Given the diversity of tribunals , commissions , authorities , ministers and inquiries which constitute our administrative system , it would be surprising if we did not conclude that in some instances the rational basis test was the correct stance and in others a test of substitution of judgment .
given the diversity of tribunals , commissions , authorities , ministers and inquiries which [form] our administrative system , it would be surprising if we did not conclude that in some instances the rational basis test was the correct stance and in others a test of substitution of judgment .

But after much thought the constable did vaguely recall noticing a car parked very near to the corner of Boundary Drive , not near enough to constitute a danger , but near enough for him to notice it .
but after much thought the constable did vaguely recall noticing a car parked very near to the corner of boundary drive , not near enough to [form] a danger , but near enough for him to notice it .

But to what extent did the changes constitute ‘ reform ’ ?
but to what extent did the changes [form] ‘ reform ’ ?

Rhodes ( 1981 , p. 17 ) observes that ‘ although central government has an impressive list of controls at its disposal they constitute only a potential for control ’ .
rhodes ( 1981 , p. 17 ) observes that ‘ although central government has an impressive list of controls at its disposal they [form] only a potential for control ’ .

Moreover , analysis of the actions of these complex groups is essential to an understanding of policy-making in government : ‘ The behaviors that constitute the process of government can not be adequately understood apart from the groups , especially the organised and potential interest groups , which are operative at any point in time ’ .
moreover , analysis of the actions of these complex groups is essential to an understanding of policy-making in government : ‘ the behaviors that [form] the process of government can not be adequately understood apart from the groups , especially the organised and potential interest groups , which are operative at any point in time ’ .

Indeed , in a certain kind of theory , centre-periphery relations are not just a particular case , they constitute the framework within which all social interaction takes place .
indeed , in a certain kind of theory , centre-periphery relations are not just a particular case , they [form] the framework within which all social interaction takes place .

which constitute a general ethic and which provide the logical ground for his or her action .
which [form] a general ethic and which provide the logical ground for his or her action .

Did those scribes care for their hands , tend their fingers , in the way classical musicians are reputed to ? If so , would that have been vanity to the point of sin — or merely preserving the Lord 's gift ? Did they get excited when a new supply of lapis lazuli came in from Afghanistan ? Who among them caught the badgers and squirrels from which they made their fine paint brushes ? Did the women of the locality — and/or the imagination — constitute a perennial problem ? Perhaps only if you did not have power : Beaton from St Andrews came to Arbroath in 1524 : the Abbey contributed to the lifestyle and wellbeing of his mistress , a fecund Miss Ogilvy , and their seven bastards .
did those scribes care for their hands , tend their fingers , in the way classical musicians are reputed to ? if so , would that have been vanity to the point of sin — or merely preserving the lord 's gift ? did they get excited when a new supply of lapis lazuli came in from afghanistan ? who among them caught the badgers and squirrels from which they made their fine paint brushes ? did the women of the locality — and/or the imagination — [form] a perennial problem ? perhaps only if you did not have power : beaton from st andrews came to arbroath in 1524 : the abbey contributed to the lifestyle and wellbeing of his mistress , a fecund miss ogilvy , and their seven bastards .

’ That passage and the two meditative paragraphs which follow , constitute the high point of his adventure in the wilds so far , and the first true narration of the adventures of his mind among remoteness .
’ that passage and the two meditative paragraphs which follow , [form] the high point of his adventure in the wilds so far , and the first true narration of the adventures of his mind among remoteness .

If the discourse of psychoanalysis is read in the light of the uncertainty principle , it becomes evident that a reconstruction or aetiology of a patient 's illness is impossible , for , like the ‘ biogram ’ in Out , the analytic process itself would alter the unconscious memories and phantasies that constitute traces of the origin of an illness .
if the discourse of psychoanalysis is read in the light of the uncertainty principle , it becomes evident that a reconstruction or aetiology of a patient 's illness is impossible , for , like the ‘ biogram ’ in out , the analytic process itself would alter the unconscious memories and phantasies that [form] traces of the origin of an illness .

Though local assaults using pre-existent texts are not uncommon in the novel , they constitute a subset of a more generalized strategy described by Genette as pastiche and by Bakhtin as discourse with a ‘ sideward glance at someone else 's word ’ ( 1984:199 ) .
though local assaults using pre-existent texts are not uncommon in the novel , they [form] a subset of a more generalized strategy described by genette as pastiche and by bakhtin as discourse with a ‘ sideward glance at someone else 's word ’ ( 1984:199 ) .

Not only does it constitute the object of its own criticism , it also contains a number of theories of this criticism , and in a recursive move that can truly be termed deconstructive , it presents criticism of these theories and it narrativizes this criticism .
not only does it [form] the object of its own criticism , it also contains a number of theories of this criticism , and in a recursive move that can truly be termed deconstructive , it presents criticism of these theories and it narrativizes this criticism .

Furthermore , the written narratives which constitute the novel are shot through with the vestiges of oral culture : incomplete sentences , a tendency toward verbosity and digression , as well as an abundance of transcriptions of actual dialogue .
furthermore , the written narratives which [form] the novel are shot through with the vestiges of oral culture : incomplete sentences , a tendency toward verbosity and digression , as well as an abundance of transcriptions of actual dialogue .

Just as there is a break in the four volumes which constitute the Omnibus , Thru being in many respects a new departure , so the final volume of the Quartet breaks with the technological preoccupations of the first three novels .
just as there is a break in the four volumes which [form] the omnibus , thru being in many respects a new departure , so the final volume of the quartet breaks with the technological preoccupations of the first three novels .

There was also an increase of 9 per cent in the number of posts dependent upon outside funding , and posts of this kind now constitute one-third of all appointments .
there was also an increase of 9 per cent in the number of posts dependent upon outside funding , and posts of this kind now [form] one-third of all appointments .

Each year the loan element will increase , until by 2001 loans will constitute 50 per cent of student finance .
each year the loan element will increase , until by 2001 loans will [form] 50 per cent of student finance .

To devolve responsibility for the kind of social services we currently enjoy to a mass of informal , ill-organised groups and organisations would constitute so great a dismantling of the personal social services system as to leave its functions solely to hidden providers of informal care .
to devolve responsibility for the kind of social services we currently enjoy to a mass of informal , ill-organised groups and organisations would [form] so great a dismantling of the personal social services system as to leave its functions solely to hidden providers of informal care .

Taken together , they constitute a quite dramatic increase in inequality .
taken together , they [form] a quite dramatic increase in inequality .

The proposal would constitute an unsatisfactory form of backland development which , together with the incidental use of the proposed means of access , would be unneighbourly and adversely affect the privacy and quiet enjoyment of neighbouring properties .
the proposal would [form] an unsatisfactory form of backland development which , together with the incidental use of the proposed means of access , would be unneighbourly and adversely affect the privacy and quiet enjoyment of neighbouring properties .

The Appellant does not believe the proposal would constitute undesirable backland development .
the appellant does not believe the proposal would [form] undesirable backland development .

Fine works of art , carefully placed in an appropriate setting , may still animate the garden and constitute a vital part of its design .
fine works of art , carefully placed in an appropriate setting , may still animate the garden and [form] a vital part of its design .

Since language courses constitute a very considerable time allocation there are inevitable human and material resource implications .
since language courses [form] a very considerable time allocation there are inevitable human and material resource implications .

Within a theoretical framework , they constitute the start , at least , of a serious and methodical study of language , though certainly one looking very different from a University undergraduate course in Linguistics .
within a theoretical framework , they [form] the start , at least , of a serious and methodical study of language , though certainly one looking very different from a university undergraduate course in linguistics .

Students should be aware that the successful completion of this course does not constitute a qualification , formal or informal , for a career as a professional teacher of English .
students should be aware that the successful completion of this course does not [form] a qualification , formal or informal , for a career as a professional teacher of english .

Peter Gilroy , Lecturer in Philosophy of Education , has developed research interests which constitute a radically innovative approach to philosophical aspects of Language in Education .
peter gilroy , lecturer in philosophy of education , has developed research interests which [form] a radically innovative approach to philosophical aspects of language in education .

The separate populations would first constitute mere varieties of the original species , but as the modifications accumulated they would eventually become distinct species in their own right , unable to interbreed with the parent form even if they were brought back into contact with it .
the separate populations would first [form] mere varieties of the original species , but as the modifications accumulated they would eventually become distinct species in their own right , unable to interbreed with the parent form even if they were brought back into contact with it .

Darwinism did not constitute a unified research programme , and by the end of the century the fragile unity imposed upon several diverse fields by the appeal to Darwin 's name as a figurehead had broken down .
darwinism did not [form] a unified research programme , and by the end of the century the fragile unity imposed upon several diverse fields by the appeal to darwin 's name as a figurehead had broken down .

Paris — or to be precise , the Paris made up of Montparnasse , St Germain and the Mouffetard — was like a party : meeting someone on the street in that quadrant did not constitute a pickup .
paris — or to be precise , the paris made up of montparnasse , st germain and the mouffetard — was like a party : meeting someone on the street in that quadrant did not [form] a pickup .

Each sub-culture of the academic community , then , declines to be a culture in the normal sense , for each sub-culture is potentially critical of just those elements which constitute its culture .
each sub-culture of the academic community , then , declines to be a culture in the normal sense , for each sub-culture is potentially critical of just those elements which [form] its culture .

The individual course , and the student experience on that course , can not constitute a ‘ secret garden ’ , but must be open for critical examination by the staff acting together as a corporate body .
the individual course , and the student experience on that course , can not [form] a ‘ secret garden ’ , but must be open for critical examination by the staff acting together as a corporate body .

It follows that we can describe the human transactions between students and staff that constitute the processes of higher education without mentioning ‘ the academic community ’ .
it follows that we can describe the human transactions between students and staff that [form] the processes of higher education without mentioning ‘ the academic community ’ .

It needs to be firmly said that these essentially non-instrumental disciplines do not constitute a dilettante add-on to higher education , unnoticed if lost .
it needs to be firmly said that these essentially non-instrumental disciplines do not [form] a dilettante add-on to higher education , unnoticed if lost .

It is understandable if the core discipline ( s ) , with their internal forms of evaluation , constitute the majority of the student 's course .
it is understandable if the core discipline ( s ) , with their internal forms of evaluation , [form] the majority of the student 's course .

But in addition there are issues which form the local background to any given dispute , and other factors which constitute the broader societal context of conflict .
but in addition there are issues which form the local background to any given dispute , and other factors which [form] the broader societal context of conflict .

Secondly , there is the background to the dispute , or the rules of ‘ custom and practice ’ which constitute a sort of local social structure within a place of work .
secondly , there is the background to the dispute , or the rules of ‘ custom and practice ’ which [form] a sort of local social structure within a place of work .

These notes constitute in many ways the best statement that exists of Babbage 's views on the general powers of his engines .
these notes [form] in many ways the best statement that exists of babbage 's views on the general powers of his engines .

They therefore constitute a significant historical source , above all in bringing to life the British community in Calcutta .
they therefore [form] a significant historical source , above all in bringing to life the british community in calcutta .

The main character of the memoirs is of course ultimately their author , and , although he ostensibly denied this , the memoirs constitute his apologia .
the main character of the memoirs is of course ultimately their author , and , although he ostensibly denied this , the memoirs [form] his apologia .

These pictures , often on unusually large negatives for the period , constitute Fenton 's greatest contribution to photography .
these pictures , often on unusually large negatives for the period , [form] fenton 's greatest contribution to photography .

His journals in particular constitute a moving memorial to a young man of integrity and moral courage , whose determination not to succumb to pain and humiliation was at times heroic .
his journals in particular [form] a moving memorial to a young man of integrity and moral courage , whose determination not to succumb to pain and humiliation was at times heroic .

In the 1220s he began the series of verse lives of English saints which constitute the greater part of his work : Saints Birinus , Guthlac , Hugh of Lincoln , Oswald , Edmund [ qq.v . ]
in the 1220s he began the series of verse lives of english saints which [form] the greater part of his work : saints birinus , guthlac , hugh of lincoln , oswald , edmund [ qq.v . ]

So far as adult education is concerned it would seem reasonable to expect some significant response to the women 's movement given the close association between adult education and popular political movements in the formative years , and also because women constitute the majority of students , in current adult education provision .
so far as adult education is concerned it would seem reasonable to expect some significant response to the women 's movement given the close association between adult education and popular political movements in the formative years , and also because women [form] the majority of students , in current adult education provision .

As yet , though , these alliances — many of which , by their nature , will be localised and often short-lived — constitute an underdeveloped agenda .
as yet , though , these alliances — many of which , by their nature , will be localised and often short-lived — [form] an underdeveloped agenda .

It is tempting to equate shares with rights under a contract , for as we have seen the memorandum and articles of association constitute a contract of some sort between the company and its members and it is these documents which directly or indirectly define the rights conferred by the shares .
it is tempting to equate shares with rights under a contract , for as we have seen the memorandum and articles of association [form] a contract of some sort between the company and its members and it is these documents which directly or indirectly define the rights conferred by the shares .

Ordinary shares ( as the name implies ) constitute the residuary class in which is vested everything after the special rights of preference classes , if any , have been satisfied .
ordinary shares ( as the name implies ) [form] the residuary class in which is vested everything after the special rights of preference classes , if any , have been satisfied .

If the company has more than 50 members then , unless the register is kept in such form as to constitute an index of names of the members , such an index must also be kept in the same place as the register .
if the company has more than 50 members then , unless the register is kept in such form as to [form] an index of names of the members , such an index must also be kept in the same place as the register .

Most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an existing charge have to be registered in the company 's register of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .
most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an existing charge have to be registered in the company 's register of charges and this will [form] notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .

However , this qualification of the floating charge holder 's rights does not constitute a serious erosion of the rights of the floating charge holder since he can block the making of an administration order by appointing an administrative receiver .
however , this qualification of the floating charge holder 's rights does not [form] a serious erosion of the rights of the floating charge holder since he can block the making of an administration order by appointing an administrative receiver .

However , the certificate does not constitute , as it did under the pre-1989 position , conclusive evidence that the charge has been validly registered .
however , the certificate does not [form] , as it did under the pre-1989 position , conclusive evidence that the charge has been validly registered .

In addition the chargee is not obliged to refrain from exercising his rights merely because by doing so he could avoid loss to the company nor does failure to exercise them when the security is declining in value constitute a breach of any duty that he may owe to the company .
in addition the chargee is not obliged to refrain from exercising his rights merely because by doing so he could avoid loss to the company nor does failure to exercise them when the security is declining in value [form] a breach of any duty that he may owe to the company .

Mere distress or concern is however insufficient to constitute fear for one 's safety .
mere distress or concern is however insufficient to [form] fear for one 's safety .

Although displays of force such as the brandishing of an offensive weapon could be a common law affray , a mere altercation using threatening language could not constitute an affray at common law . The Act is intended to preserve this state of affairs in section 3(3) , which provides that :
although displays of force such as the brandishing of an offensive weapon could be a common law affray , a mere altercation using threatening language could not [form] an affray at common law . the act is intended to preserve this state of affairs in section 3(3) , which provides that :

Can the actual use of deliberate force constitute a threat , or more accurately ‘ threatening behaviour ?
can the actual use of deliberate force [form] a threat , or more accurately ‘ threatening behaviour ?

The police are entitled to tell the person walking away from the scene to discontinue using his filthy language , which would in all likelihood constitute an offence under section 5 of the new Act .
the police are entitled to tell the person walking away from the scene to discontinue using his filthy language , which would in all likelihood [form] an offence under section 5 of the new act .

’ The Act then defines ‘ offensive conduct ’ to mean ‘ conduct the constable reasonably suspects to constitute an offence under this section .
’ the act then defines ‘ offensive conduct ’ to mean ‘ conduct the constable reasonably suspects to [form] an offence under this section .

Even though the defendant does not regard the nature of his own conduct as being disorderly , he has a sufficient mens rea to satisfy the section by being aware that he is using offensive language , or kicking over dustbins or turning out the lights in the cinema , or whatever else may be alleged to constitute the disorderly behaviour .
even though the defendant does not regard the nature of his own conduct as being disorderly , he has a sufficient mens rea to satisfy the section by being aware that he is using offensive language , or kicking over dustbins or turning out the lights in the cinema , or whatever else may be alleged to [form] the disorderly behaviour .

Only if the chief constable expressed his order in terms such as that he considered any injury to his men to constitute serious public disorder might the courts be prepared to intervene .
only if the chief constable expressed his order in terms such as that he considered any injury to his men to [form] serious public disorder might the courts be prepared to intervene .

The grounds upon which the powers to impose conditions may be exercised are very similar to those which are available in relation to processions ; section 14 provides that if the senior police officer believes that a public assembly may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or that the purposes of the persons organising it is to intimidate others with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do , he may impose conditions as to the place of the assembly , its maximum duration or the maximum number of persons who may constitute it as may appear to him necessary to prevent the disorder , damage , disruption or intimidation .
the grounds upon which the powers to impose conditions may be exercised are very similar to those which are available in relation to processions ; section 14 provides that if the senior police officer believes that a public assembly may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or that the purposes of the persons organising it is to intimidate others with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do , he may impose conditions as to the place of the assembly , its maximum duration or the maximum number of persons who may [form] it as may appear to him necessary to prevent the disorder , damage , disruption or intimidation .

It is unclear whether the section gives the chief officer of police the power to limit the numbers present at the assembly below the 20 who must be present to constitute the assembly .
it is unclear whether the section gives the chief officer of police the power to limit the numbers present at the assembly below the 20 who must be present to [form] the assembly .

It would appear that he can do so , since section 14 ( 1 ) provides that he may impose without apparent qualification limits on ‘ the maximum number of persons who may constitute it .
it would appear that he can do so , since section 14 ( 1 ) provides that he may impose without apparent qualification limits on ‘ the maximum number of persons who may [form] it .

’ Against that , however , the view may be taken that the word ‘ it ’ refers to a public assembly , and since the gathering will no longer constitute such an assembly if the numbers fall below 20 , it would be ultra vires the powers of the police to attempt to limit the numbers below the requisite numbers .
’ against that , however , the view may be taken that the word ‘ it ’ refers to a public assembly , and since the gathering will no longer [form] such an assembly if the numbers fall below 20 , it would be ultra vires the powers of the police to attempt to limit the numbers below the requisite numbers .

One person on his own could not constitute a procession , but if a person were to march on his own , having publicised the fact widely in advance , it would seem that he might be said to be organising a procession if , Pied Piper like , he were to draw a crowd of supporters and followers .
one person on his own could not [form] a procession , but if a person were to march on his own , having publicised the fact widely in advance , it would seem that he might be said to be organising a procession if , pied piper like , he were to draw a crowd of supporters and followers .

Publication to a single person is , impliedly , insufficient to constitute the offence .
publication to a single person is , impliedly , insufficient to [form] the offence .

’ If this were not the case , it would be open to a constable to ask a member of parliament or other prominent person to stop speaking ( or never even to begin his address ) , and a failure to do so would constitute an offence .
’ if this were not the case , it would be open to a constable to ask a member of parliament or other prominent person to stop speaking ( or never even to begin his address ) , and a failure to do so would [form] an offence .

However , these concepts do not constitute a theory of word perception or production : they are names for structures and processes whose nature is to be explained by any theory of word perception or production .
however , these concepts do not [form] a theory of word perception or production : they are names for structures and processes whose nature is to be explained by any theory of word perception or production .

The books referred to earlier by Detwyler and Marcus ( 1972 ) and by Coates ( 1976a ) together with a volume of readings on urban regions ( Coates , 1973 ) constitute a considerable directive inclined towards an urban physical geography .
the books referred to earlier by detwyler and marcus ( 1972 ) and by coates ( 1976a ) together with a volume of readings on urban regions ( coates , 1973 ) [form] a considerable directive inclined towards an urban physical geography .

Quiet holding notes and fairly stationary filling-in parts constitute the main part of the duty of the horns , as any score will show , but we shall see later on that they are also very useful in doubling other instruments when it is desired to give ‘ body ’ and prominence to a broad melodic line in the tenor register .
quiet holding notes and fairly stationary filling-in parts [form] the main part of the duty of the horns , as any score will show , but we shall see later on that they are also very useful in doubling other instruments when it is desired to give ‘ body ’ and prominence to a broad melodic line in the tenor register .

The shingle ridges forming the skeletons of Scolt Head Island and Blakeney Point constitute only one aspect of the development of such landforms .
the shingle ridges forming the skeletons of scolt head island and blakeney point [form] only one aspect of the development of such landforms .

Such plants , which do not form a very close cover and which in winter are merely bare stalks , do not constitute a very efficient trap for further sediment , except in summer when they are best developed .
such plants , which do not form a very close cover and which in winter are merely bare stalks , do not [form] a very efficient trap for further sediment , except in summer when they are best developed .

Thus , movements of base level constitute interruptions in the cycle of erosion .
thus , movements of base level [form] interruptions in the cycle of erosion .

These floods probably constitute the main agent of erosion in deserts at the present time .
these floods probably [form] the main agent of erosion in deserts at the present time .

The solution they adopted was to assess , in respect of each category of problems identified , what would constitute ‘ … a risk of substantial loss or disadvantage which would be important for the individual concerned .
the solution they adopted was to assess , in respect of each category of problems identified , what would [form] ‘ … a risk of substantial loss or disadvantage which would be important for the individual concerned .

In recent years , the Committee has noted , with disappointment , that the new Legal Aid Board was not ‘ a Legal Services Board with overall responsibility for legal aid and legal services ’ ; that the present system could not be said to constitute a ‘ comprehensive system of legal services offering good early advice ’ ; and that in considering reform to the legal profession , there had been a failure by government ‘ to examine the place that lawyers ’ services should occupy in the field of legal services as a whole .
in recent years , the committee has noted , with disappointment , that the new legal aid board was not ‘ a legal services board with overall responsibility for legal aid and legal services ’ ; that the present system could not be said to [form] a ‘ comprehensive system of legal services offering good early advice ’ ; and that in considering reform to the legal profession , there had been a failure by government ‘ to examine the place that lawyers ’ services should occupy in the field of legal services as a whole .

Failure to comply with a court summons , or to comply with an ‘ unless ’ order , will constitute grounds for striking out .
failure to comply with a court summons , or to comply with an ‘ unless ’ order , will [form] grounds for striking out .

The seismic data which show that dust or fractured rock constitute much of the outer 10 or 20 km of the Moon apply also to the maria .
the seismic data which show that dust or fractured rock [form] much of the outer 10 or 20 km of the moon apply also to the maria .

The Earth is included because though only a few tens of impact craters are known , all of them are less than 500 Ma old and thus constitute recent cratering .
the earth is included because though only a few tens of impact craters are known , all of them are less than 500 ma old and thus [form] recent cratering .

The two innermost satellites are close to the outer edge of a system of tiny particles that constitute a ring around Jupiter .
the two innermost satellites are close to the outer edge of a system of tiny particles that [form] a ring around jupiter .

The magnetosphere , the rings , the satellites and Jupiter itself , all constitute the Jovian system .
the magnetosphere , the rings , the satellites and jupiter itself , all [form] the jovian system .

The ions and electrons in the wind move with respect to each other in such a way that they constitute electric currents which sustain a magnetic field : it is not the outward motion of the wind as a whole which generates the field .
the ions and electrons in the wind move with respect to each other in such a way that they [form] electric currents which sustain a magnetic field : it is not the outward motion of the wind as a whole which generates the field .

Firstly , the assessment should be comprehensive and needs-led . It should constitute an
firstly , the assessment should be comprehensive and needs-led . it should [form] an

At the same time , however , modernization created new cultural forms , such as cinema and radio , which could constitute new allegories that themselves had radical possibilities for the populace .
at the same time , however , modernization created new cultural forms , such as cinema and radio , which could [form] new allegories that themselves had radical possibilities for the populace .

Generally speaking , non-consensual sexual intercourse which takes place within marriage can not constitute rape .
generally speaking , non-consensual sexual intercourse which takes place within marriage can not [form] rape .

Sweenie , the majority held that there must be some force to constitute rape and that it was not rape , therefore , to have sexual intercourse with a sleeping woman .
sweenie , the majority held that there must be some force to [form] rape and that it was not rape , therefore , to have sexual intercourse with a sleeping woman .

‘ In order to constitute the offence of rape … the prosecution must satisfy you that he effected his purpose by overcoming such resistance as the girl offered , you being satisfied that she was offering resistance and that he was overcoming it .
‘ in order to [form] the offence of rape … the prosecution must satisfy you that he effected his purpose by overcoming such resistance as the girl offered , you being satisfied that she was offering resistance and that he was overcoming it .

The present applications for planning permission constitute the next step in the process whereby the detail of the proposals can be examined by the local planning authorities involved .
the present applications for planning permission [form] the next step in the process whereby the detail of the proposals can be examined by the local planning authorities involved .

Natural resources should be included as well as the factors which constitute the Gross National Product .
natural resources should be included as well as the factors which [form] the gross national product .

For the purpose of the Companies Act 1985 , the operations of the Group constitute one class of business , the exploration for and production of hydrocarbon liquids and gas .
for the purpose of the companies act 1985 , the operations of the group [form] one class of business , the exploration for and production of hydrocarbon liquids and gas .

The report should constitute an action plan .
the report should [form] an action plan .

The report also argues that fungi which infect organic produce , such as mycotoxins , can constitute a more potent carcinogen than agro-chemicals .
the report also argues that fungi which infect organic produce , such as mycotoxins , can [form] a more potent carcinogen than agro-chemicals .

These considerations constitute a useful base against which to consider the complications caused by transverse spatial effects and by finite-medium response time y " : there is clearly no reason why the basic gain and transphasing mechanism should not survive the introduction of these complications .
these considerations [form] a useful base against which to consider the complications caused by transverse spatial effects and by finite-medium response time y " : there is clearly no reason why the basic gain and transphasing mechanism should not survive the introduction of these complications .

Two papers are set in each option so the options constitute one half of the final examination papers .
two papers are set in each option so the options [form] one half of the final examination papers .

Currently , they number around 1,800 plants and employ about 55,000 people , and constitute Mexico 's second largest source of foreign exchange after oil .
currently , they number around 1,800 plants and employ about 55,000 people , and [form] mexico 's second largest source of foreign exchange after oil .

Currently , they number around 1,800 plants and employ about 55,000 people , and constitute Mexico 's second largest source of foreign exchange after oil .
currently , they number around 1,800 plants and employ about 55,000 people , and [form] mexico 's second largest source of foreign exchange after oil .

Retailers and manufacturers sought both clarification over what does constitute safe use , and a definition of cling film ( any stretchy film which clings to itself ) .
retailers and manufacturers sought both clarification over what does [form] safe use , and a definition of cling film ( any stretchy film which clings to itself ) .

Loan stock which does not constitute a qualifying corporate bond should confer roll-over relief in the usual way .
loan stock which does not [form] a qualifying corporate bond should confer roll-over relief in the usual way .

No conduct by the Buyer shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of any terms put forward by the Seller .
no conduct by the buyer shall be deemed to [form] acceptance of any terms put forward by the seller .

No conduct by the Buyer shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of any terms put forward by the Seller .
no conduct by the buyer shall be deemed to [form] acceptance of any terms put forward by the seller .

Remember that when a probate or letters of administration constitute one of the title documents it 's unlikely in any event to be handed over , so look for a covenant for its production and if one is n't abstracted , make a requisition on the point , although you should note covenants for production are not necessary in deeds giving rise to first registration .
remember that when a probate or letters of administration [form] one of the title documents it 's unlikely in any event to be handed over , so look for a covenant for its production and if one is n't abstracted , make a requisition on the point , although you should note covenants for production are not necessary in deeds giving rise to first registration .

Where the seller instructs the auctioneer to place a reserve price which is not publicised , the auctioneer may still refuse to accept any bid below the reserve price since bids constitute only offers .
where the seller instructs the auctioneer to place a reserve price which is not publicised , the auctioneer may still refuse to accept any bid below the reserve price since bids [form] only offers .

These expressions may constitute either a promise , by which the maker of the statement intends that he should be bound , or a representation which is not intended to operate as a promise but is made with the intention and does have the effect of persuading the other party to enter into the contract .
these expressions may [form] either a promise , by which the maker of the statement intends that he should be bound , or a representation which is not intended to operate as a promise but is made with the intention and does have the effect of persuading the other party to enter into the contract .

First , there is direct inconsistency in the sense that compliance with one would necessarily constitute breach of the other .
first , there is direct inconsistency in the sense that compliance with one would necessarily [form] breach of the other .

Third , there may be rules that do not directly sanction that which might arguably constitute a breach of fiduciary obligation , but which might be thought to assume its legitimacy .
third , there may be rules that do not directly sanction that which might arguably [form] a breach of fiduciary obligation , but which might be thought to assume its legitimacy .

Disclosure may be made at any time between the creation of the fiduciary relationship between firm and customer and the act or omission which would otherwise constitute a breach of duty , or after the breach of duty has occurred , for example on a contract note .
disclosure may be made at any time between the creation of the fiduciary relationship between firm and customer and the act or omission which would otherwise [form] a breach of duty , or after the breach of duty has occurred , for example on a contract note .

In certain circumstances , the customer 's consent will never constitute a defence to breach of fiduciary duty .
in certain circumstances , the customer 's consent will never [form] a defence to breach of fiduciary duty .

The court stated : We were unanimously satisfied that the oral evidence , together with the documentation , established clearly that from the date on which ( the settlor ) purported to constitute the settlement he exercised dominion and control over the trustee in the management and administration of the settlement , including distributions of capital to himself or to others as gifts or loans , and the making and disposition of investments .
the court stated : we were unanimously satisfied that the oral evidence , together with the documentation , established clearly that from the date on which ( the settlor ) purported to [form] the settlement he exercised dominion and control over the trustee in the management and administration of the settlement , including distributions of capital to himself or to others as gifts or loans , and the making and disposition of investments .

The literary context in our culture creates a situation where relevance may be achieved in alternative ways , so as to constitute this `` openness ' for criticism .
the literary context in our culture creates a situation where relevance may be achieved in alternative ways , so as to [form] this `` openness ' for criticism .

The courts have repeatedly insisted that `` irrationality , stupidity or obstinacy do not constitute malice though in an extreme case they may be some evidence of it . ``
the courts have repeatedly insisted that `` irrationality , stupidity or obstinacy do not [form] malice though in an extreme case they may be some evidence of it . ``

Fairley argues that such conventions demand systematic investigation , since they constitute the core of the `` literary competence `` that educational institutions are supposed to make available for students .
fairley argues that such conventions demand systematic investigation , since they [form] the core of the `` literary competence `` that educational institutions are supposed to make available for students .

In contrast , the adult parasite stores its energy as glycogen , mainly in the lateral cords and muscles , and this may constitute 20% of the dry weight of the worm .
in contrast , the adult parasite stores its energy as glycogen , mainly in the lateral cords and muscles , and this may [form] 20% of the dry weight of the worm .

Such arguments would have been powerless , even silly , if everyone thought that the practices they challenged needed no support beyond convention or that these practices constituted the game of law in the way the rules of chess constitute that game .
such arguments would have been powerless , even silly , if everyone thought that the practices they challenged needed no support beyond convention or that these practices constituted the game of law in the way the rules of chess [form] that game .

Thus , Scotch Whisky company purchases of inputs constitute outputs for their immediate suppliers .
thus , scotch whisky company purchases of inputs [form] outputs for their immediate suppliers .

The demolition of a building does not of itself constitute development , though , of course , it may form part of a building operation , or lead to the making of a material change in the use of the land upon which it stood .
the demolition of a building does not of itself [form] development , though , of course , it may form part of a building operation , or lead to the making of a material change in the use of the land upon which it stood .

Accumulated unused permissions could constitute a difficult problem for some local authorities : they create uncertainty and could make an authority reluctant to grant further permissions , which might result in , for example , too great a strain on public services .
accumulated unused permissions could [form] a difficult problem for some local authorities : they create uncertainty and could make an authority reluctant to grant further permissions , which might result in , for example , too great a strain on public services .

Even where new activities constitute a separate use within the planning unit , the new use may be de minimis in planning terms .
even where new activities [form] a separate use within the planning unit , the new use may be de minimis in planning terms .

This , so Dobry believed , would relieve the overloaded planning machine to deal more thoroughly with the major and/or controversial applications ( which he suggested would constitute less than a half and , it was to be hoped , only a third of the total ) .
this , so dobry believed , would relieve the overloaded planning machine to deal more thoroughly with the major and/or controversial applications ( which he suggested would [form] less than a half and , it was to be hoped , only a third of the total ) .

It has been generally accepted that demolition of itself does not constitute development and , although there is some legal uncertainty on the matter , local authorities have typically assumed that demolition is outside the ambit of development control .
it has been generally accepted that demolition of itself does not [form] development and , although there is some legal uncertainty on the matter , local authorities have typically assumed that demolition is outside the ambit of development control .

Lawyers may rightly point out that this does not constitute , of itself , an effective restriction on any statutory power or discretion , but it is an important statement of policy , and one which the statutory and voluntary guardians of amenity will seize upon whenever it is infringed .
lawyers may rightly point out that this does not [form] , of itself , an effective restriction on any statutory power or discretion , but it is an important statement of policy , and one which the statutory and voluntary guardians of amenity will seize upon whenever it is infringed .

The pulling power of the local working men 's club and Newcastle Brown Ale , will constitute far more than Wilko has to offer .
the pulling power of the local working men 's club and newcastle brown ale , will [form] far more than wilko has to offer .

Shear flows constitute by far the most important class of turbulent flows .
shear flows [form] by far the most important class of turbulent flows .

The processes at the interface constitute a subject of study in their own right .
the processes at the interface [form] a subject of study in their own right .

What happens depends on which is the destabilizing and which the stabilizing component ; the two cases constitute Sections 23.2 and 23.3 .
what happens depends on which is the destabilizing and which the stabilizing component ; the two cases [form] sections 23.2 and 23.3 .

This will constitute what we might term the Prolegomena to the inquiry proper .
this will [form] what we might term the prolegomena to the inquiry proper .

The Andes constitute by far the most spectacular present-day example of a continental-margin orogen .
the andes [form] by far the most spectacular present-day example of a continental-margin orogen .

The vast series of dolerite sills which have intruded the Karoo sediments of southern Africa underlie an area of over 500 000 km 2 and probably constitute a total volume of in excess of 200 000 km 2 .
the vast series of dolerite sills which have intruded the karoo sediments of southern africa underlie an area of over 500 000 km 2 and probably [form] a total volume of in excess of 200 000 km 2 .

The Defendants argued that the information concerned , on their computerised systems did not constitute records until they were printed out .
the defendants argued that the information concerned , on their computerised systems did not [form] records until they were printed out .

The Defendants counter argument that this infrastructure information did not constitute a record either was not allowed by the Court .
the defendants counter argument that this infrastructure information did not [form] a record either was not allowed by the court .

The overall message from this case is that internal and external e-mail messages in context constitute records .
the overall message from this case is that internal and external e-mail messages in context [form] records .

But the real-balance effect may also operate on a wider array of assets which constitute the net worth of the private sector , though there has always been controversy over the range of assets to which it is supposed to apply .
but the real-balance effect may also operate on a wider array of assets which [form] the net worth of the private sector , though there has always been controversy over the range of assets to which it is supposed to apply .

Despite its acknowledged faults , classical economics did at least constitute a complete system in the sense that , if one accepted its fundamental presumption of full employment , the magnitudes of all of the remaining macroeconomic variables could be determined .
despite its acknowledged faults , classical economics did at least [form] a complete system in the sense that , if one accepted its fundamental presumption of full employment , the magnitudes of all of the remaining macroeconomic variables could be determined .

1.2 Each order which is so accepted shall constitute an individual legally binding contract between the Seller and the Purchaser and such contract is hereafter referred to in these Conditions as an " Order " .
1.2 each order which is so accepted shall [form] an individual legally binding contract between the seller and the purchaser and such contract is hereafter referred to in these conditions as an " order " .

The above provisions constitute what the law will presume to be the intention of partners in the management of their affairs in the absence of evidence ( not necessarily documentary ) that they have agreed otherwise .
the above provisions [form] what the law will presume to be the intention of partners in the management of their affairs in the absence of evidence ( not necessarily documentary ) that they have agreed otherwise .

No act or omission before the date on which the lease is executed will normally constitute a breach of the obligations of the lease .
no act or omission before the date on which the lease is executed will normally [form] a breach of the obligations of the lease .

The operation of the usual `` ratchet `` provisions attaching to management 's ordinary shares , whereby the percentage holding of Newco conferred by their shares , or the value of those shares , will automatically increase in accordance with profitability or performance targets of the underlying business , will not usually constitute a `` chargeable event `` for the purposes of s78 .
the operation of the usual `` ratchet `` provisions attaching to management 's ordinary shares , whereby the percentage holding of newco conferred by their shares , or the value of those shares , will automatically increase in accordance with profitability or performance targets of the underlying business , will not usually [form] a `` chargeable event `` for the purposes of s78 .

The amount of the vendor 's balancing charge on the sale of industrial buildings , which will constitute taxable income , will be the difference between the tax written down value and the lower of cost or the proceeds of sale received from Newco .
the amount of the vendor 's balancing charge on the sale of industrial buildings , which will [form] taxable income , will be the difference between the tax written down value and the lower of cost or the proceeds of sale received from newco .

An acquisition of newly issued shares does not constitute a disposal by the issuing company — in this instance Target — and the cost to Newco of subscribing the shares is added to its base cost in the `` pool `` of total shares in Target .
an acquisition of newly issued shares does not [form] a disposal by the issuing company — in this instance target — and the cost to newco of subscribing the shares is added to its base cost in the `` pool `` of total shares in target .

Following the enactment of the Finance Act 1993 , it is now more difficult to create debentures which do not constitute qualifying corporate bonds for these purposes .
following the enactment of the finance act 1993 , it is now more difficult to create debentures which do not [form] qualifying corporate bonds for these purposes .

It is also likely that the investors will not insist on their own presence to constitute a quorum at board meetings .
it is also likely that the investors will not insist on their own presence to [form] a quorum at board meetings .

By way of contrast , unpaid interest or capital repayments relating to loans usually constitute an `` event of default `` under the loan documentation with the result that the lender will stop any further loans , and may accelerate repayment of the sums outstanding so that they become immediately due and payable .
by way of contrast , unpaid interest or capital repayments relating to loans usually [form] an `` event of default `` under the loan documentation with the result that the lender will stop any further loans , and may accelerate repayment of the sums outstanding so that they become immediately due and payable .

Finally , for very large acquisitions ( which may constitute reverse takeovers ) the Stock Exchange may require shareholder approval .
finally , for very large acquisitions ( which may [form] reverse takeovers ) the stock exchange may require shareholder approval .

If any of the three conditions are not fulfilled , the purported assignment under statute will not necessarily be ineffective , as it may constitute an equitable assignment .
if any of the three conditions are not fulfilled , the purported assignment under statute will not necessarily be ineffective , as it may [form] an equitable assignment .

According to botanist David Bellamy , the bogs constitute `` a relic of Britain 's ancient landscape `` .
according to botanist david bellamy , the bogs [form] `` a relic of britain 's ancient landscape `` .

But it cautioned that this did not constitute an ozone `` hole `` , similar to that over Antarctica , as had been widely reported .
but it cautioned that this did not [form] an ozone `` hole `` , similar to that over antarctica , as had been widely reported .

Only a small fraction of pupils achieve the two Advanced Level ( A-Levels ) examination passes that constitute the minimum requirement for university entrance .
only a small fraction of pupils achieve the two advanced level ( a-levels ) examination passes that [form] the minimum requirement for university entrance .

These constitute the main political analyses that see the problem as a structural one .
these [form] the main political analyses that see the problem as a structural one .

The United States Constitution is considered by Americans to embody the principles of a higher law , to constitute `` in fact imperfect man 's most perfect rendering of what Blackstone saluted as `` the eternal immutable laws of good and evil , to which the creator himself in all his dispensations conforms : and which he has enabled human reason to discover , so far as they are necessary for the conduct of human actions . ``
the united states constitution is considered by americans to embody the principles of a higher law , to [form] `` in fact imperfect man 's most perfect rendering of what blackstone saluted as `` the eternal immutable laws of good and evil , to which the creator himself in all his dispensations conforms : and which he has enabled human reason to discover , so far as they are necessary for the conduct of human actions . ``

It makes it difficult to identify clearly and authoritatively what constitute the provisions of the Constitution .
it makes it difficult to identify clearly and authoritatively what [form] the provisions of the constitution .

Acts that define the powers of the various state organs ( for example , the 1911 and 1949 Parliament Acts ) and acts that define the relationship between Crown and Parliament ( notably the Bill of Rights of 1689 ) , between the component elements of the nation ( the Act of Union with Scotland of 1706 , for example ) , between the United Kingdom and the European Communities ( the 1972 European Communities Act ) , and between the state and the individual ( as with the Habeas Corpus Act of 1679 or the Administration of Justice Act of 1960 ) clearly constitute important provisions of the Constitution .
acts that define the powers of the various state organs ( for example , the 1911 and 1949 parliament acts ) and acts that define the relationship between crown and parliament ( notably the bill of rights of 1689 ) , between the component elements of the nation ( the act of union with scotland of 1706 , for example ) , between the united kingdom and the european communities ( the 1972 european communities act ) , and between the state and the individual ( as with the habeas corpus act of 1679 or the administration of justice act of 1960 ) clearly [form] important provisions of the constitution .

They constitute a topic of some controversy .
they [form] a topic of some controversy .

In practice , they constitute something of as guide to interested bodies ad provide a framework for the main items of legislation introduced by an incoming government in the first session or two of a new Parliament : most manifesto promises are usually implemented .
in practice , they [form] something of as guide to interested bodies ad provide a framework for the main items of legislation introduced by an incoming government in the first session or two of a new parliament : most manifesto promises are usually implemented .

In the safest seats , the majority may constitute as much as 40 % or 50 % of the votes cast .
in the safest seats , the majority may [form] as much as 40 % or 50 % of the votes cast .

The first thing the light hits is , in fact , the layer of ganglion cells which constitute the `` electronic interface `` between the photocells and the brain .
the first thing the light hits is , in fact , the layer of ganglion cells which [form] the `` electronic interface `` between the photocells and the brain .

The waves and the pebbles together constitute a simple example of a system that automatically generates non-randomness .
the waves and the pebbles together [form] a simple example of a system that automatically generates non-randomness .

The computer biomorph models make these points well , and they constitute an instructive bridge between human creative processes , such as planning a winning strategy at chess , and the evolutionary creativity of natural selection , the blind watchmaker .
the computer biomorph models make these points well , and they [form] an instructive bridge between human creative processes , such as planning a winning strategy at chess , and the evolutionary creativity of natural selection , the blind watchmaker .

When you have a cup for an eye , almost any vaguely convex , vaguely transparent or even translucent material over its opening will constitute an improvement , because of its slight lens-like properties .
when you have a cup for an eye , almost any vaguely convex , vaguely transparent or even translucent material over its opening will [form] an improvement , because of its slight lens-like properties .

One agreement stipulated that provision of enhanced responsibility and autonomy with a view to job enrichment `` would not constitute a basis for job upgrading `` .
one agreement stipulated that provision of enhanced responsibility and autonomy with a view to job enrichment `` would not [form] a basis for job upgrading `` .

You can go so far as to say that any words which produce good music constitute a good libretto .
you can go so far as to say that any words which produce good music [form] a good libretto .

It provides a short summary of the main event of the story , although in itself does not constitute a narrative .
it provides a short summary of the main event of the story , although in itself does not [form] a narrative .

Despite the common cause announced in the introduction to the volume it is difficult in the present state of the art to see how the different methods and purposes can be said to constitute a unified and coherent approach to the literary text and thus to conceive of literary pragmatics as an `` antidote to the fragmented specialization so characteristic of the humanities in the 20th century `` ( dust jacket ) .
despite the common cause announced in the introduction to the volume it is difficult in the present state of the art to see how the different methods and purposes can be said to [form] a unified and coherent approach to the literary text and thus to conceive of literary pragmatics as an `` antidote to the fragmented specialization so characteristic of the humanities in the 20th century `` ( dust jacket ) .

The varied articles presented introduce the reader to some of the most recent strands of linguistics and literary studies but they can not be thought to constitute a unified discipline .
the varied articles presented introduce the reader to some of the most recent strands of linguistics and literary studies but they can not be thought to [form] a unified discipline .

( Such a position must , one would think , constitute the strongest provocation for feminists to conclude that maleness is , in Christianity , intrinsic to the Godhead no less ! )
( such a position must , one would think , [form] the strongest provocation for feminists to conclude that maleness is , in christianity , intrinsic to the godhead no less ! )

The first was the conclusion that the government needed an overall strategy for economic development in West Belfast , but that Making Belfast Work did not constitute such a strategy .
the first was the conclusion that the government needed an overall strategy for economic development in west belfast , but that making belfast work did not [form] such a strategy .

One eye may contain 15,000 elements , providing images that together constitute an almost hemispherical field of view .
one eye may contain 15,000 elements , providing images that together [form] an almost hemispherical field of view .

Today , they constitute about a third of the forests of the world .
today , they [form] about a third of the forests of the world .

The House of Commons accepted him as a quiet , agreeable member of some substance , not the sort of man who would ever dominate in debate , or who would lead a school of thought , but a man who with three or four others might constitute a very effective block within his party to a course or an individual of which or whom they did not approve .
the house of commons accepted him as a quiet , agreeable member of some substance , not the sort of man who would ever dominate in debate , or who would lead a school of thought , but a man who with three or four others might [form] a very effective block within his party to a course or an individual of which or whom they did not approve .

For it was as we have seen , in September 1833 , that the delegate conference of the Builders ' Union decided at Owen 's prompting to constitute the union as an organisation to run the building industry .
for it was as we have seen , in september 1833 , that the delegate conference of the builders ' union decided at owen 's prompting to [form] the union as an organisation to run the building industry .

This is almost to concede , if it does not in fact do so , that a board deriving its authority from two opposed sources can not constitute a corporate body such as decision-taking requires .
this is almost to concede , if it does not in fact do so , that a board deriving its authority from two opposed sources can not [form] a corporate body such as decision-taking requires .

Finally , it is therefore the more difficult to see how the proposals can have anything to do with genuine industrial democracy , that is to say , with the accountability of the board of directors as a corporate whole to the individual men and women who constitute the workforce and who would have the ultimate power to replace an unsatisfactory board .
finally , it is therefore the more difficult to see how the proposals can have anything to do with genuine industrial democracy , that is to say , with the accountability of the board of directors as a corporate whole to the individual men and women who [form] the workforce and who would have the ultimate power to replace an unsatisfactory board .

But it is still true that most members of the professions , accountancy , the law and banking , to whom people intending to start a business might turn for advice on how to constitute or finance it , will propose a company incorporated under the Companies Acts , or perhaps a partnership .
but it is still true that most members of the professions , accountancy , the law and banking , to whom people intending to start a business might turn for advice on how to [form] or finance it , will propose a company incorporated under the companies acts , or perhaps a partnership .

Thus the rules contained in Articles 34–38 are only applicable to parties to the Vienna Convention , unless they constitute customary international law .
thus the rules contained in articles 34–38 are only applicable to parties to the vienna convention , unless they [form] customary international law .

While certain parts of the Convention almost certainly constitute customary international law , that is not necessarily true of all the provisions from which the United States might wish to benefit .
while certain parts of the convention almost certainly [form] customary international law , that is not necessarily true of all the provisions from which the united states might wish to benefit .

The very act of concluding a conflicting treaty would constitute breach and could be treated as such by its other parties .
the very act of concluding a conflicting treaty would [form] breach and could be treated as such by its other parties .

He claimed that the circumstances of putting the death penalty into effect , in particular the likelihood of a long delay between sentence and execution during which time he would be on death row , would constitute an inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment contrary to Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
he claimed that the circumstances of putting the death penalty into effect , in particular the likelihood of a long delay between sentence and execution during which time he would be on death row , would [form] an inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment contrary to article 3 of the european convention on human rights .

However joint decisions by the Greek and Turkish members could not constitute a unanimous decision of the Commission in the face of opposition from the neutral members .
however joint decisions by the greek and turkish members could not [form] a unanimous decision of the commission in the face of opposition from the neutral members .

In 1950 the Court had held these ‘ declarations to constitute recognition by the Union of the continuance of the obligations under the Mandate and not a mere indication of future conduct of that government .
in 1950 the court had held these ‘ declarations to [form] recognition by the union of the continuance of the obligations under the mandate and not a mere indication of future conduct of that government .

The sexiness of some pre-pubertal children can constitute something of a problem .
the sexiness of some pre-pubertal children can [form] something of a problem .

The present chapter will constitute only a brief indication as to the relevant Acts and principles ; the reader needing more detail is referred to the Acts themselves and to Honoré 's work , or that of others .
the present chapter will [form] only a brief indication as to the relevant acts and principles ; the reader needing more detail is referred to the acts themselves and to honoré 's work , or that of others .

At the same time , the basic insight of Ohmann 's approach continues to have linguistic validity : it is widely held that the basic logical content of a sentence can be represented as a ( set of ) elementary propositions , which , together with their interrelations , constitute its `` deep structure `` or `` semantic representation `` . ``
at the same time , the basic insight of ohmann 's approach continues to have linguistic validity : it is widely held that the basic logical content of a sentence can be represented as a ( set of ) elementary propositions , which , together with their interrelations , [form] its `` deep structure `` or `` semantic representation `` . ``

The feeling that the vista , for all its peacefulness , is disquieting , comes to us partly through two diverse types of metaphor : the `` civilizing `` metaphor which allows islands ( already compared to man-made buildings ) to have foundations ( 2 ) , the sea to be stable ( 3 ) , the sea and land to constitute a floor ( 3 ) , and the sky a dome ( 3 ) .
the feeling that the vista , for all its peacefulness , is disquieting , comes to us partly through two diverse types of metaphor : the `` civilizing `` metaphor which allows islands ( already compared to man-made buildings ) to have foundations ( 2 ) , the sea to be stable ( 3 ) , the sea and land to [form] a floor ( 3 ) , and the sky a dome ( 3 ) .

Traditional college instruction fails to exploit fully the library 's resources available for it and … the average college student 's experiences with the library constitute a limited and fairly insignificant part of his education .
traditional college instruction fails to exploit fully the library 's resources available for it and … the average college student 's experiences with the library [form] a limited and fairly insignificant part of his education .

The roles of angiography and angioplasty in unstable angina after thrombolysis and the possible role for angioplasty as a primary procedure in acute myocardial infarction are controversial and will constitute the main topics for discussion .
the roles of angiography and angioplasty in unstable angina after thrombolysis and the possible role for angioplasty as a primary procedure in acute myocardial infarction are controversial and will [form] the main topics for discussion .

In this manner the discourse of the Report seeks to constitute a sense of `` English `` which is concordant with all that is considered culturally desirable , valuable , and authentic , both from the point of view of society and of the individual .
in this manner the discourse of the report seeks to [form] a sense of `` english `` which is concordant with all that is considered culturally desirable , valuable , and authentic , both from the point of view of society and of the individual .

However , rather than seeing `` English `` as this recently invented pedagogic and academic regime , the Committee seeks to constitute recent developments as a simple extension to a much longer national history .
however , rather than seeing `` english `` as this recently invented pedagogic and academic regime , the committee seeks to [form] recent developments as a simple extension to a much longer national history .

When it comes to specifying the fundamental disciplinary components which constitute the actual means of engaging in this `` climb `` , the Committee selects exegesis , art , and history , while at the same time insisting that English literature should clearly be distinguished from history , and indeed sociology and philosophy .
when it comes to specifying the fundamental disciplinary components which [form] the actual means of engaging in this `` climb `` , the committee selects exegesis , art , and history , while at the same time insisting that english literature should clearly be distinguished from history , and indeed sociology and philosophy .

Access to this preverbal communication can be gained through those `` texts of the English classics `` which constitute `` the supreme achievement of our race `` .
access to this preverbal communication can be gained through those `` texts of the english classics `` which [form] `` the supreme achievement of our race `` .

Not only do the letters and inventories of Vollard , Durand-Ruel and Hébrard greatly illuminate the history of the casts , but the individual entries on the sculptures constitute the first true catalogue of these works .
not only do the letters and inventories of vollard , durand-ruel and hébrard greatly illuminate the history of the casts , but the individual entries on the sculptures [form] the first true catalogue of these works .

In general , under the classical law , a person may choose whether or not to enter a contract and may select the terms which constitute the substantive obligations of the transaction .
in general , under the classical law , a person may choose whether or not to enter a contract and may select the terms which [form] the substantive obligations of the transaction .

We can glimpse from these brief illustrations that the rival interpretations of liberalism constitute more than idle philosophical speculations about the rationale for the existing law of contract .
we can glimpse from these brief illustrations that the rival interpretations of liberalism [form] more than idle philosophical speculations about the rationale for the existing law of contract .

Rather the rules which constitute the market structure people 's available range of choices and consequently themselves help to define the distribution of wealth and power in society , for which an independent justification is required .
rather the rules which [form] the market structure people 's available range of choices and consequently themselves help to define the distribution of wealth and power in society , for which an independent justification is required .

What has been less recognized is that legal structures constitute the family and roles within it .
what has been less recognized is that legal structures [form] the family and roles within it .

Legal forms not only constitute gender relations but represent ways of seeing roles and relations .
legal forms not only [form] gender relations but represent ways of seeing roles and relations .

This is a major problem in Namibia , where almost all the private media are urban-oriented , reflecting mostly the interests and viewpoints of the urban elite while wittingly or unwittingly neglecting those of the rural inhabitants who constitute a greater percentage of the country 's total population .
this is a major problem in namibia , where almost all the private media are urban-oriented , reflecting mostly the interests and viewpoints of the urban elite while wittingly or unwittingly neglecting those of the rural inhabitants who [form] a greater percentage of the country 's total population .

For any news agency to survive and to make its name among the mass media , which constitute its major clients , it must adhere to the highest ideals of journalistic accuracy and objectivity .
for any news agency to survive and to make its name among the mass media , which [form] its major clients , it must adhere to the highest ideals of journalistic accuracy and objectivity .

While financial resources and technical equipment are of great importance in the effort to establish and operate an adequate information and communication capability , it is skilled personnel who constitute the most critical factor .
while financial resources and technical equipment are of great importance in the effort to establish and operate an adequate information and communication capability , it is skilled personnel who [form] the most critical factor .

The Metropolitan 's 33,000 textiles constitute one of the largest and most varied collections in the world .
the metropolitan 's 33,000 textiles [form] one of the largest and most varied collections in the world .

The male-orientation of the deviancy literature is almost certain to have precluded the study of certain patterns of behaviour which constitute deviant ways of behaving for the female half of the population .
the male-orientation of the deviancy literature is almost certain to have precluded the study of certain patterns of behaviour which [form] deviant ways of behaving for the female half of the population .

One can offer three principle objections to it , which constitute general criticisms of stratification theory , but relate specifically to the issue of whether women 's situation is adequately represented in the theory ( or its practice in research ) .
one can offer three principle objections to it , which [form] general criticisms of stratification theory , but relate specifically to the issue of whether women 's situation is adequately represented in the theory ( or its practice in research ) .

Women are certainly oppressed , but these sex-based inequalities do not constitute a stratification system : for most women social and economic rewards are determined by the position of the male head of the family .
women are certainly oppressed , but these sex-based inequalities do not [form] a stratification system : for most women social and economic rewards are determined by the position of the male head of the family .

Each of the tasks that the housewife does — cooking , laundering the clothes , cleaning the house and so on — can , after all , constitute a paid work role in its own right .
each of the tasks that the housewife does — cooking , laundering the clothes , cleaning the house and so on — can , after all , [form] a paid work role in its own right .

This is a major problem in Namibia , where almost all the private media are urban-oriented , reflec-ting mostly the interests and viewpoints of the urban elite while wittingly or unwittingly neglecting those of the rural inhabitants who constitute a greater percentage of the country 's total population .
this is a major problem in namibia , where almost all the private media are urban-oriented , reflec-ting mostly the interests and viewpoints of the urban elite while wittingly or unwittingly neglecting those of the rural inhabitants who [form] a greater percentage of the country 's total population .

For any news agency to survive and to make its name among the mass media , which constitute its major clients , it must adhere to the highest ideals of journalistic accuracy and objectivity .
for any news agency to survive and to make its name among the mass media , which [form] its major clients , it must adhere to the highest ideals of journalistic accuracy and objectivity .

While financial resources and technical equipment are of great importance in the effort to establish and operate an adequate information and communication capability , it is skilled personnel who constitute the most critical factor .
while financial resources and technical equipment are of great importance in the effort to establish and operate an adequate information and communication capability , it is skilled personnel who [form] the most critical factor .

The soluble salts in water vary with the composition , and , provided that they are not excessive in quantity and are reasonably constant in amount , they do not constitute a hazard .
the soluble salts in water vary with the composition , and , provided that they are not excessive in quantity and are reasonably constant in amount , they do not [form] a hazard .

College was never designed exclusively for younger students — though they generally constitute the largest single group .
college was never designed exclusively for younger students — though they generally [form] the largest single group .

But do n't expect your fellow students to constitute a representative cross-section of the community at large — if only because they contain an above-average proportion of younger people and others who are most able to sustain continuous study and to benefit from college education .
but do n't expect your fellow students to [form] a representative cross-section of the community at large — if only because they contain an above-average proportion of younger people and others who are most able to sustain continuous study and to benefit from college education .

Consequently , very few weaving centres in India or Pakistan can be said to constitute individual weaving groups .
consequently , very few weaving centres in india or pakistan can be said to [form] individual weaving groups .

Weaving also plays an essential part in the practical life of the tribe , providing the floor coverings , tent hangings , bags and functional artifacts that constitute the furniture and furnishings of the nomadic way of life .
weaving also plays an essential part in the practical life of the tribe , providing the floor coverings , tent hangings , bags and functional artifacts that [form] the furniture and furnishings of the nomadic way of life .

Prayer-rug designs are traditionally associated with Anatolia and still constitute the underlying format of most Anatolian rugs .
prayer-rug designs are traditionally associated with anatolia and still [form] the underlying format of most anatolian rugs .

Afghan and Turkoman rugs , whether of nomadic , village or workshop origin , are with few exceptions excellent value for money , and in terms of sheer quality constitute some of the very best rugs in their price range on the market today .
afghan and turkoman rugs , whether of nomadic , village or workshop origin , are with few exceptions excellent value for money , and in terms of sheer quality [form] some of the very best rugs in their price range on the market today .

Dictionary definitions constitute a valuable source of semantic knowledge , and the definitional overlap technique has been shown to be a suitable method for applying such knowledge .
dictionary definitions [form] a valuable source of semantic knowledge , and the definitional overlap technique has been shown to be a suitable method for applying such knowledge .

These words , and other connectives like them , constitute lexical cues within text that help the human reader to maintain the coherence of a discourse ( although inferences can still be made without such cues ) .
these words , and other connectives like them , [form] lexical cues within text that help the human reader to maintain the coherence of a discourse ( although inferences can still be made without such cues ) .

’ In other words , they are unified only through ideological constructs ( 'scripts ' in the terms of Gagnon and Simon ) , and it is these that constitute ‘ sexuality ’ .
’ in other words , they are unified only through ideological constructs ( 'scripts ' in the terms of gagnon and simon ) , and it is these that [form] ‘ sexuality ’ .

Repressive public sanctions would make the move into prostitution a different kind of choice than when it could constitute a temporary and relatively anonymous stage in a woman 's life .
repressive public sanctions would make the move into prostitution a different kind of choice than when it could [form] a temporary and relatively anonymous stage in a woman 's life .

The course of this transformation , which followed on the events of 1868 , and the degree to which it was fundamental or superficial , will constitute a major part of the subject-matter of this book .
the course of this transformation , which followed on the events of 1868 , and the degree to which it was fundamental or superficial , will [form] a major part of the subject-matter of this book .

Koreans , many of them second or even third generation residents , now constitute the country 's largest racial minority , numbering some 700,000 .
koreans , many of them second or even third generation residents , now [form] the country 's largest racial minority , numbering some 700,000 .

It is difficult to define which words or phrases constitute jargon .
it is difficult to define which words or phrases [form] jargon .

The latter constitute both a small dictionary of commercial abbreviations and a set of dispositive rules .
the latter [form] both a small dictionary of commercial abbreviations and a set of dispositive rules .

Given the objectives of the Community and the fact that the Single European Market will constitute the most powerful trading bloc in the world , there is little point in extending conventional law into this field .
given the objectives of the community and the fact that the single european market will [form] the most powerful trading bloc in the world , there is little point in extending conventional law into this field .

Co-operatives , however , are not dealt with by the Act because co-operatives are considered to be part of the socialist economy and rights of members constitute a peculiar socialist form of property .
co-operatives , however , are not dealt with by the act because co-operatives are considered to be part of the socialist economy and rights of members [form] a peculiar socialist form of property .

The former related to the quest for spiritual happiness , the latter to the sciences which , in their practical application , helped to constitute a third category of ‘ artificial ’ knowledge .
the former related to the quest for spiritual happiness , the latter to the sciences which , in their practical application , helped to [form] a third category of ‘ artificial ’ knowledge .

In matters of law reform especially , expert reviews constitute a methodology which broadens the range and depth of inquiry , at the same time enabling the subject to be reviewed from a more independent standpoint .
in matters of law reform especially , expert reviews [form] a methodology which broadens the range and depth of inquiry , at the same time enabling the subject to be reviewed from a more independent standpoint .

Yet , even the theoretical models that underpin the relationships sketched in figure 4.1 do not constitute a general explanatory theory of why and when the balance of bargaining power shifts , nor why outcomes differ , nor yet why and how the bargaining process ( involving more than narrowly defined one firm-one state conditions ) gets started .
yet , even the theoretical models that underpin the relationships sketched in figure 4.1 do not [form] a general explanatory theory of why and when the balance of bargaining power shifts , nor why outcomes differ , nor yet why and how the bargaining process ( involving more than narrowly defined one firm-one state conditions ) gets started .

The guidance warns that ‘ unreasonable ’ periods of time may constitute a restriction on liberty .
the guidance warns that ‘ unreasonable ’ periods of time may [form] a restriction on liberty .

Agency definitions of abuse and what behaviours constitute abuse must maintain the balance of responsibility between the abuser and abused .
agency definitions of abuse and what behaviours [form] abuse must maintain the balance of responsibility between the abuser and abused .

First , Parliament ‘ in the mouth of a lawyer ’ means ‘ the King , the House of Lords , and the House of Commons ; these three bodies acting together may be aptly described as the ‘ King in Parliament ’ , and constitute Parliament ' .
first , parliament ‘ in the mouth of a lawyer ’ means ‘ the king , the house of lords , and the house of commons ; these three bodies acting together may be aptly described as the ‘ king in parliament ’ , and [form] parliament ' .

So far as Dicey was concerned Parliamentary sovereignty was ‘ a legal fact ’ and his purpose was to demonstrate that ‘ Parliament does constitute such a supreme legislative authority or sovereign power as , according to Austin and other jurists , must exist in every civilised state .
so far as dicey was concerned parliamentary sovereignty was ‘ a legal fact ’ and his purpose was to demonstrate that ‘ parliament does [form] such a supreme legislative authority or sovereign power as , according to austin and other jurists , must exist in every civilised state .

The rejection of Dicey 's view does not , however , constitute a rejection of conservative normativism .
the rejection of dicey 's view does not , however , [form] a rejection of conservative normativism .

This notice does not constitute an admission either that the Act applies to this hotel or that liability thereunder attaches to the proprietor of this hotel in any particular case .
this notice does not [form] an admission either that the act applies to this hotel or that liability thereunder attaches to the proprietor of this hotel in any particular case .

Patients in their 80s now constitute 3.5 % of those undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting at the Mayo Clinic ; 79 % of 115 survivors were free of angina after a mean period of 29 months .
patients in their 80s now [form] 3.5 % of those undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting at the mayo clinic ; 79 % of 115 survivors were free of angina after a mean period of 29 months .

Yet despite the value of their work , carers ' needs are often overlooked , and they do not constitute a very active pressure group — perhaps because so much of their energy goes into caring .
yet despite the value of their work , carers ' needs are often overlooked , and they do not [form] a very active pressure group — perhaps because so much of their energy goes into caring .

Russia acquired 6 million new subjects who would prove impossible to assimilate and constitute the Empire 's most dangerous national minority .
russia acquired 6 million new subjects who would prove impossible to assimilate and [form] the empire 's most dangerous national minority .

At the beginning , before we start to read a couplet , we are aware that it is a couplet ( whether through modem conventions of typography , or through our familiarity with the poetic convention itself ) ; we can see that it will end after a snatch of words of between four and about ten , and we can expect that the couplet will constitute a complete sense-unit .
at the beginning , before we start to read a couplet , we are aware that it is a couplet ( whether through modem conventions of typography , or through our familiarity with the poetic convention itself ) ; we can see that it will end after a snatch of words of between four and about ten , and we can expect that the couplet will [form] a complete sense-unit .

So , of course , are juries in modern courts , but twelve people , chosen by the legal authorities and perhaps `` vetted `` to eliminate `` undesirables `` , clearly do not constitute a microcosm of popular opinion to the same degree .
so , of course , are juries in modern courts , but twelve people , chosen by the legal authorities and perhaps `` vetted `` to eliminate `` undesirables `` , clearly do not [form] a microcosm of popular opinion to the same degree .

Within Ireland as a whole the Protestants would constitute a clear minority , easily outweighed by the Catholic and nationalist majority in Ireland as a whole .
within ireland as a whole the protestants would [form] a clear minority , easily outweighed by the catholic and nationalist majority in ireland as a whole .

One of the dangers of majoritarianism is that majorities are always apt to forget that in another context they might constitute a minority .
one of the dangers of majoritarianism is that majorities are always apt to forget that in another context they might [form] a minority .

Veinlets , on the other hand , are primitive and constitute the finer twigs of a principal vein ; they are preceded by tracheae and carry macrotrichia ( Fig .
veinlets , on the other hand , are primitive and [form] the finer twigs of a principal vein ; they are preceded by tracheae and carry macrotrichia ( fig .

Part or all of the aedeagus is held by some authors to be of a secondary , non-appendicular nature but others consider it to be formed by the division of the gonapophyses of the 9th abdominal segment , the two median halves fusing during development to form the penis while the lateral halves constitute the parameres .
part or all of the aedeagus is held by some authors to be of a secondary , non-appendicular nature but others consider it to be formed by the division of the gonapophyses of the 9th abdominal segment , the two median halves fusing during development to form the penis while the lateral halves [form] the parameres .

If the answer leads very naturally to the truth , it is nevertheless mistaken , as is shown by the philosophically familiar but evergreen fact that certain items constitute an instance of such a uniform connection or constant conjunction , but the second is not the effect of the first .
if the answer leads very naturally to the truth , it is nevertheless mistaken , as is shown by the philosophically familiar but evergreen fact that certain items [form] an instance of such a uniform connection or constant conjunction , but the second is not the effect of the first .

What it is in general for a thing a to have the power to produce b is for it to be true that an individual property or properties of a , together with other things , will constitute a causal circumstance for b .
what it is in general for a thing a to have the power to produce b is for it to be true that an individual property or properties of a , together with other things , will [form] a causal circumstance for b .

The introduction of the life peerage system and the fact that peers can apply for leave of absence at the beginning of each session has tended to redress this although those taking the Conservative Whip constitute the largest single grouping .
the introduction of the life peerage system and the fact that peers can apply for leave of absence at the beginning of each session has tended to redress this although those taking the conservative whip [form] the largest single grouping .

The outcome will be recorded but the finding does not constitute a black mark on the record of the officer involved .
the outcome will be recorded but the finding does not [form] a black mark on the record of the officer involved .

By this we mean a change which is so wide-reaching and so fundamental in its effects as to constitute a dramatic alteration of the status quo .
by this we mean a change which is so wide-reaching and so fundamental in its effects as to [form] a dramatic alteration of the status quo .

Away from the elite politics at the centre , the millions of rural Chinese constitute an even less calculable factor in any future political upheaval .
away from the elite politics at the centre , the millions of rural chinese [form] an even less calculable factor in any future political upheaval .

Employers may be expected to allow reasonable opportunities for their employees to engage in public service , but substantial demands for time off may either be refused or constitute a block to career advancement .
employers may be expected to allow reasonable opportunities for their employees to engage in public service , but substantial demands for time off may either be refused or [form] a block to career advancement .

Through learning the same rules that constitute our culture we agree about appropriate behaviour and belief ; this consensus ensures that we are able to live ordered lives together .
through learning the same rules that [form] our culture we agree about appropriate behaviour and belief ; this consensus ensures that we are able to live ordered lives together .

In age-set societies , the changes in status involved in getting older are institutionalised to such a degree that they often constitute the very basis of political organisation .
in age-set societies , the changes in status involved in getting older are institutionalised to such a degree that they often [form] the very basis of political organisation .

In such societies , those males who are initiated together — between the ages of , say , 13–18 — constitute an age-set and the members of each set together pass through a series of age-grades .
in such societies , those males who are initiated together — between the ages of , say , 13–18 — [form] an age-set and the members of each set together pass through a series of age-grades .

Single-parent families , whether the result of choice , death , desertion , or divorce , constitute a significant portion of the poor .
single-parent families , whether the result of choice , death , desertion , or divorce , [form] a significant portion of the poor .

While these positions constitute the structure of objective inequalities , sociologists have often regarded stratification as including a broader range of features , including subjective aspects of inequality .
while these positions [form] the structure of objective inequalities , sociologists have often regarded stratification as including a broader range of features , including subjective aspects of inequality .

However , the Sino-Japanese and Russo-Japanese wars , while significant struggles and in the case of the latter conflict involving savage warfare in Manchuria anticipating the kind of warfare to be seen in Europe between 1914 and 1918 , did not constitute a confrontation between two superpowers set against a background of vitriolic suspicion and rivalry , as happened in 1950 .
however , the sino-japanese and russo-japanese wars , while significant struggles and in the case of the latter conflict involving savage warfare in manchuria anticipating the kind of warfare to be seen in europe between 1914 and 1918 , did not [form] a confrontation between two superpowers set against a background of vitriolic suspicion and rivalry , as happened in 1950 .

His unsigned handbills addressed ‘ to the married of both sexes ’ both ‘ in Genteel life ’ and ‘ of the Working People ’ , distributed from London to Manchester in 1823 , constitute the first known birth control publicity .
his unsigned handbills addressed ‘ to the married of both sexes ’ both ‘ in genteel life ’ and ‘ of the working people ’ , distributed from london to manchester in 1823 , [form] the first known birth control publicity .

These rules , like those for , say , the conduct of prayer among Muslims , govern the meaning of behaviour and ( as we said apropos of winking and blinking ) so constitute actions .
these rules , like those for , say , the conduct of prayer among muslims , govern the meaning of behaviour and ( as we said apropos of winking and blinking ) so [form] actions .

For these reasons the moral dimension of world politics has not been deemed to constitute an overriding objection to the development of International Relations theory .
for these reasons the moral dimension of world politics has not been deemed to [form] an overriding objection to the development of international relations theory .

Tradition anachronistically proclaims him as the first pope — the first ruler of the Church which was to enshrine Paul 's triumph and constitute an edifice of Pauline thought .
tradition anachronistically proclaims him as the first pope — the first ruler of the church which was to enshrine paul 's triumph and [form] an edifice of pauline thought .

The residents of these four townships constitute 12 per cent of Wirral 's total population , yet between them they contain 38 per cent of the borough 's known opioid users .
the residents of these four townships [form] 12 per cent of wirral 's total population , yet between them they contain 38 per cent of the borough 's known opioid users .

On a strict reading , this leaves untouched those cases in which the procedural law of the forum recognises some action within the jurisdiction as legally sufficient to constitute service on a defendant who is actually resident abroad .
on a strict reading , this leaves untouched those cases in which the procedural law of the forum recognises some action within the jurisdiction as legally sufficient to [form] service on a defendant who is actually resident abroad .

Such statutes however constitute a complicating factor and emphasize the need for long-term solutions through international understanding .
such statutes however [form] a complicating factor and emphasize the need for long-term solutions through international understanding .

It is the large percentage increases in the very elderly age groups which constitute the data used to create an almost ‘ moral panic ’ about population ageing .
it is the large percentage increases in the very elderly age groups which [form] the data used to create an almost ‘ moral panic ’ about population ageing .

Hence all predictions about what proportion of the total population the 65 + age group will constitute in the future are little more than speculations based upon the extrapolation of current trends .
hence all predictions about what proportion of the total population the 65 + age group will [form] in the future are little more than speculations based upon the extrapolation of current trends .

Third , older people are over-represented in the more severe disability groups : those aged 60+ constitute 75 per cent of the most severe disability group but only 64 per cent of the least severe category .
third , older people are over-represented in the more severe disability groups : those aged 60+ [form] 75 per cent of the most severe disability group but only 64 per cent of the least severe category .

In the increasing number of critical surveys of the English novel published during the present century Conrad is the sole writer ever to be included in the safe , accepted procession from Fielding to Henry James and beyond who could , to some degree , be considered to write of adventure in the traditional sense ; and it is always made perfectly clear that Conrad 's moral and philosophical probings constitute his true value , his story-telling expertise being , by implication , no more than a means to an end .
in the increasing number of critical surveys of the english novel published during the present century conrad is the sole writer ever to be included in the safe , accepted procession from fielding to henry james and beyond who could , to some degree , be considered to write of adventure in the traditional sense ; and it is always made perfectly clear that conrad 's moral and philosophical probings [form] his true value , his story-telling expertise being , by implication , no more than a means to an end .

Within society the agencies of law and order , and those in a position to sustain the hegemonic ideology , constitute ‘ controllers ’ .
within society the agencies of law and order , and those in a position to sustain the hegemonic ideology , [form] ‘ controllers ’ .

Physical contact alone , however destructive , does not constitute an act of violence .
physical contact alone , however destructive , does not [form] an act of violence .

Rivalry , when it did occur , was usually deliberately manufactured when the number of visiting fans was too small to constitute any real opposition .
rivalry , when it did occur , was usually deliberately manufactured when the number of visiting fans was too small to [form] any real opposition .

Investors must trust the financial institutions who constitute the market .
investors must trust the financial institutions who [form] the market .

This is highly price sensitive information from which a conglomerate could make a profit or avoid a loss , but it would rarely constitute a breach of the the Company Securities ( Insider Dealing ) Act 1985 .
this is highly price sensitive information from which a conglomerate could make a profit or avoid a loss , but it would rarely [form] a breach of the the company securities ( insider dealing ) act 1985 .

Thus , knowledge that a company is facing a financial crisis , or a take-over or contemplated take-over , or company losses , or of major diversification plans , would all appear to constitute sufficient specificity .
thus , knowledge that a company is facing a financial crisis , or a take-over or contemplated take-over , or company losses , or of major diversification plans , would all appear to [form] sufficient specificity .

Insider dealing would without doubt constitute an unauthorised use .
insider dealing would without doubt [form] an unauthorised use .

Intact proinsulin and 32–33 split proinsulin constitute a higher percentage of the total insulin and insulin precursor molecules in the plasma of fasting subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes but this is of uncertain pathophysiological significance .
intact proinsulin and 32–33 split proinsulin [form] a higher percentage of the total insulin and insulin precursor molecules in the plasma of fasting subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes but this is of uncertain pathophysiological significance .

At this point the question may well arise : since there are such profound differences among the contributors , how could these different views be said to constitute a perspective ?
at this point the question may well arise : since there are such profound differences among the contributors , how could these different views be said to [form] a perspective ?

But intuition used to be the favoured type of knowledge , and St Thomas Aquinas , for example , would never have allowed intuition to constitute a specifically feminine attribute , because it would have meant admitting that women were nearer God .
but intuition used to be the favoured type of knowledge , and st thomas aquinas , for example , would never have allowed intuition to [form] a specifically feminine attribute , because it would have meant admitting that women were nearer god .

Drawing on the re-evaluation of emotion characteristic of contemporary feminist theory and practice , she argues that feminist conceptions of emotion constitute a critique of dualist conceptions of mind found in much Western philosophy in the English-speaking world and elsewhere .
drawing on the re-evaluation of emotion characteristic of contemporary feminist theory and practice , she argues that feminist conceptions of emotion [form] a critique of dualist conceptions of mind found in much western philosophy in the english-speaking world and elsewhere .

The figures show that sexual abuse is twice as common in the South as in the North or Midlands , although the numbers are too small to constitute a reliable trend .
the figures show that sexual abuse is twice as common in the south as in the north or midlands , although the numbers are too small to [form] a reliable trend .

If we retain the assumption that leakages constitute 60 per cent of additional income , then a multiplier of 1.67 would apply to the increase in exports .
if we retain the assumption that leakages [form] 60 per cent of additional income , then a multiplier of 1.67 would apply to the increase in exports .

Despite the fact that single-parent families , people on their own , or unrelated people living together constitute 32 per cent of all households ( Central Statistical Office , 1979 , p. 44 ) , the household is generally assumed to be the nuclear family .
despite the fact that single-parent families , people on their own , or unrelated people living together [form] 32 per cent of all households ( central statistical office , 1979 , p. 44 ) , the household is generally assumed to be the nuclear family .

Any one of these drawbacks would , on its own , constitute at least a serious irritation , but a combination of all of them , compounded in so many cases by material poverty , becomes well-nigh intolerable .
any one of these drawbacks would , on its own , [form] at least a serious irritation , but a combination of all of them , compounded in so many cases by material poverty , becomes well-nigh intolerable .

We will try our fortune , then , with the supposition that love relationships … also constitute the essence of the group mind .
we will try our fortune , then , with the supposition that love relationships … also [form] the essence of the group mind .

These constitute the ethical core of all great religions on which Eastern and Western culture are based , the teachings of Confucius and Lao-tse , Buddha , the Prophets and Jesus [ my italics ] .
these [form] the ethical core of all great religions on which eastern and western culture are based , the teachings of confucius and lao-tse , buddha , the prophets and jesus [ my italics ] .

There is no precise definition of a storm but it must be noted that strong winds ( unless storm force ) or heavy rain alone do not constitute a storm .
there is no precise definition of a storm but it must be noted that strong winds ( unless storm force ) or heavy rain alone do not [form] a storm .

It should be noted in such circumstances there is no breakage of glass and therefore this type of occurrence does not constitute a valid claim .
it should be noted in such circumstances there is no breakage of glass and therefore this type of occurrence does not [form] a valid claim .

However , this does not constitute occupancy as there is no element of residency present ( e.g .
however , this does not [form] occupancy as there is no element of residency present ( e.g .

The thick coatings of grease which can accumulate on such equipment constitute a fire risk as well as being unhygienic .
the thick coatings of grease which can accumulate on such equipment [form] a fire risk as well as being unhygienic .

Flying pests also constitute a health hazard .
flying pests also [form] a health hazard .

Please refer to the Policy commentary for details of what items should not constitute part of the breakdown account .
please refer to the policy commentary for details of what items should not [form] part of the breakdown account .

Meanwhile , belatedly in keeping with its stand on law and order , it tabled a new clause that disallows , in computing taxable income , expenses which themselves constitute the commission of a criminal offence . Wholly , exclusively and legally … = ?
meanwhile , belatedly in keeping with its stand on law and order , it tabled a new clause that disallows , in computing taxable income , expenses which themselves [form] the commission of a criminal offence . wholly , exclusively and legally … = ?

This includes harassment which will always be treated as a serious breach of the rules and may constitute gross misconduct under the disciplinary procedures .
this includes harassment which will always be treated as a serious breach of the rules and may [form] gross misconduct under the disciplinary procedures .

It was minuted that the papers did not imply a commitment by the Regional Council to particular levels of growth or policy stances and did not constitute a formal statutory stage of public consultation .
it was minuted that the papers did not imply a commitment by the regional council to particular levels of growth or policy stances and did not [form] a formal statutory stage of public consultation .

For an activity to be vatable it must constitute a business and according to cases which have come before the courts definite criteria have to be fulfilled .
for an activity to be vatable it must [form] a business and according to cases which have come before the courts definite criteria have to be fulfilled .

Sexually mature males are driven out of this group once they grow big enough to constitute a threat to the dominant male ( although occasionally an ageing dominant male will allow a younger male to take over his harem and will be tolerated by his successor for a while ) .
sexually mature males are driven out of this group once they grow big enough to [form] a threat to the dominant male ( although occasionally an ageing dominant male will allow a younger male to take over his harem and will be tolerated by his successor for a while ) .

The consequence of this is that women are feared because they are seen to be sexually aggressive , and relations with men are spoiled because a close tie to them , which might otherwise constitute a conflict-free alternative nevertheless connotes a parallel threat of passive dependency .
the consequence of this is that women are feared because they are seen to be sexually aggressive , and relations with men are spoiled because a close tie to them , which might otherwise [form] a conflict-free alternative nevertheless connotes a parallel threat of passive dependency .

As long as a son holds on to the mother as a love-object he must ineluctably be in conflict with the father , just as , conversely , as soon as he accepts the paternal authority and identifies with his father to constitute his superego he must suppress his fundamental parricidal antagonism and with it his incestuous fixation .
as long as a son holds on to the mother as a love-object he must ineluctably be in conflict with the father , just as , conversely , as soon as he accepts the paternal authority and identifies with his father to [form] his superego he must suppress his fundamental parricidal antagonism and with it his incestuous fixation .

Kaufman maintains that in the United States rivalries between bureaus , each with its allies in congressional committees and powerful interests outside government , constitute an important barrier against the assumption of power by the bureaucracy ( Kaufman 1981 ) .
kaufman maintains that in the united states rivalries between bureaus , each with its allies in congressional committees and powerful interests outside government , [form] an important barrier against the assumption of power by the bureaucracy ( kaufman 1981 ) .

In Sweden , for example , new policies are initiated by special commissions which constitute the preliminary stage of a legislative proposal .
in sweden , for example , new policies are initiated by special commissions which [form] the preliminary stage of a legislative proposal .

The extent to which mass movements in the form of ‘ cultural revolutions ’ may constitute a reassertion of party rather than mass control of the bureaucracy is illustrated by Albania 's ‘ Ideological and Cultural Revolution ’ of 1966 .
the extent to which mass movements in the form of ‘ cultural revolutions ’ may [form] a reassertion of party rather than mass control of the bureaucracy is illustrated by albania 's ‘ ideological and cultural revolution ’ of 1966 .

Office can not be inherited and members of the apparatus do not constitute a closed group .
office can not be inherited and members of the apparatus do not [form] a closed group .

There is of course a continuing controversy over whether the bureaucratic bourgeoisie of senior military , civil , party , co-operative and industrial administrators constitute a distinct class ; or whether they merely form part of a larger and more differentiated social stratum ; whether such a class is dominant or subservient to metropolitan capital ; where the boundary around such a class should be drawn ; whether it is fully formed or not , and whether the power of the state is equivalent to the power of the bureaucracy as a social entity ( Murray 1967 ; Leys 1976 ; Zieman and Lanzendorfer 1977 ) .
there is of course a continuing controversy over whether the bureaucratic bourgeoisie of senior military , civil , party , co-operative and industrial administrators [form] a distinct class ; or whether they merely form part of a larger and more differentiated social stratum ; whether such a class is dominant or subservient to metropolitan capital ; where the boundary around such a class should be drawn ; whether it is fully formed or not , and whether the power of the state is equivalent to the power of the bureaucracy as a social entity ( murray 1967 ; leys 1976 ; zieman and lanzendorfer 1977 ) .

Placing the three kinds of power in a matrix with the three kinds of involvement produces nine types of compliance , three of which are found more frequently in practice than the other six because they constitute congruent relationships : alientative/coercive ( e.g .
placing the three kinds of power in a matrix with the three kinds of involvement produces nine types of compliance , three of which are found more frequently in practice than the other six because they [form] congruent relationships : alientative/coercive ( e.g .

TNPs do not , themselves , constitute a theory .
tnps do not , themselves , [form] a theory .

In many Third World countries food industries constitute the bulk of the industrial sector .
in many third world countries food industries [form] the bulk of the industrial sector .

In order to modify one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is required which :
in order to modify one or more modules which [form] a baseline , a package is required which :

They constitute a recognisable baseline for the later review .
they [form] a recognisable baseline for the later review .

In order to modify one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is required which :
in order to modify one or more modules which [form] a baseline , a package is required which :

This may well constitute an entirely sufficient argument for its radical reconstruction ’ .
this may well [form] an entirely sufficient argument for its radical reconstruction ’ .

Officials emphasized that this move , anticipated to last not more than three months , did not constitute a step towards a state of emergency but simply formalised the existing situation .
officials emphasized that this move , anticipated to last not more than three months , did not [form] a step towards a state of emergency but simply formalised the existing situation .

An earlier attempt to extend President 's rule , on March 30 , had resulted in an embarrassing debacle when the government failed to ensure that there were enough members present to constitute a quorum for a constitutional amendment .
an earlier attempt to extend president 's rule , on march 30 , had resulted in an embarrassing debacle when the government failed to ensure that there were enough members present to [form] a quorum for a constitutional amendment .

The arrangement did not therefore , according to the French , constitute a weapons sale .
the arrangement did not therefore , according to the french , [form] a weapons sale .

In practice , they are the only important regular market makers and as such collectively constitute the trading core of the market .
in practice , they are the only important regular market makers and as such collectively [form] the trading core of the market .

The Roman dioceses of Gaul and the Seven Provinces , which were to constitute most of the Frankish kingdom , essentially covered what is now France , Belgium , Germany west of the Rhine , and most of Switzerland .
the roman dioceses of gaul and the seven provinces , which were to [form] most of the frankish kingdom , essentially covered what is now france , belgium , germany west of the rhine , and most of switzerland .

From this it is clear that the the additions which the author of the epilogue had in mind are what constitute the Pactus pro tenore pacis of Childebert and Chlothar .
from this it is clear that the the additions which the author of the epilogue had in mind are what [form] the pactus pro tenore pacis of childebert and chlothar .

Before going on to discuss the characteristics of each market we set out in Table 6.3 the size of each of the markets that constitute the London money market .
before going on to discuss the characteristics of each market we set out in table 6.3 the size of each of the markets that [form] the london money market .

Poles had proved in 1830 – 1 that they posed a genuine threat to the unity of the empire , but Ukrainians were not to constitute a significant danger for decades .
poles had proved in 1830 – 1 that they posed a genuine threat to the unity of the empire , but ukrainians were not to [form] a significant danger for decades .

The total set of such terms ( that is to say the words in themselves without reference to any associated set of behaviours ) is said to constitute `` the kinship system `` of the society concerned .
the total set of such terms ( that is to say the words in themselves without reference to any associated set of behaviours ) is said to [form] `` the kinship system `` of the society concerned .

In my Sinhalese wedding example , phases 1–5 constitute the rite of separation ; phases 6 -15 the `` rite de marge `` ; 16–20 the rite of aggregation .
in my sinhalese wedding example , phases 1–5 [form] the rite of separation ; phases 6 -15 the `` rite de marge `` ; 16–20 the rite of aggregation .

The illustrative profit projections do not therefore constitute a forecast .
the illustrative profit projections do not therefore [form] a forecast .

The payment may constitute taxable income or capital of the recipient in which case it will not be sufficient to meet the full liability in respect of which it was paid .
the payment may [form] taxable income or capital of the recipient in which case it will not be sufficient to meet the full liability in respect of which it was paid .

You should note that neither this letter nor the enclosed documents constitute an offer .
you should note that neither this letter nor the enclosed documents [form] an offer .

This investment overview does not constitute an offer or invitation to persons to subscribe for or purchase any shares or other securities in any company or for persons to enter or offer into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by a investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .
this investment overview does not [form] an offer or invitation to persons to subscribe for or purchase any shares or other securities in any company or for persons to enter or offer into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by a investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .

This document is not a prospectus and does not constitute or form any part of any offer or invitation to subscribe for , underwrite or purchase securities .
this document is not a prospectus and does not [form] or form any part of any offer or invitation to subscribe for , underwrite or purchase securities .

These Heads of Agreement represent the intentions of the parties and do not constitute a legally binding contact .
these heads of agreement represent the intentions of the parties and do not [form] a legally binding contact .

‘ The report in which this notice to reader is incorporated does not constitute an offer or invitation to any section of the public to subscribe for or purchase any securities in Growing Business Limited .
‘ the report in which this notice to reader is incorporated does not [form] an offer or invitation to any section of the public to subscribe for or purchase any securities in growing business limited .

This company does not constitute an offer or invitation to persons to subscribe for or purchase any shares or other securities in any company or for persons to enter or offer to enter into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .
this company does not [form] an offer or invitation to persons to subscribe for or purchase any shares or other securities in any company or for persons to enter or offer to enter into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .

If the Purchaser shall be in receipt of any claim , or any fact or circumstance comes to the notice of the Purchaser which might constitute or give rise to a liability pursuant to any of the warranties the Purchaser shall forthwith notify the Vendor giving full details so far as practicable and shall not make any admission of liability or settle or comprise any such claim without the prior written consent of the Vendor such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ( subject to being indemnified and secured to its reasonable satisfaction against all costs and expenses incurred or for which it may become liable ) ;
if the purchaser shall be in receipt of any claim , or any fact or circumstance comes to the notice of the purchaser which might [form] or give rise to a liability pursuant to any of the warranties the purchaser shall forthwith notify the vendor giving full details so far as practicable and shall not make any admission of liability or settle or comprise any such claim without the prior written consent of the vendor such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ( subject to being indemnified and secured to its reasonable satisfaction against all costs and expenses incurred or for which it may become liable ) ;

The patterns of change constitute an important source of information in many fields of urban history , and this project will explore the experience of Glasgow — the ‘ second city ’ of the Empire .
the patterns of change [form] an important source of information in many fields of urban history , and this project will explore the experience of glasgow — the ‘ second city ’ of the empire .

The patterns of change constitute an important source of information in many fields of urban history , and this project will explore the experience of Glasgow — the ‘ second city ’ of the Empire .
the patterns of change [form] an important source of information in many fields of urban history , and this project will explore the experience of glasgow — the ‘ second city ’ of the empire .

For many households , housing is the major available asset and it may constitute a central way in which wealth is transferred between generations .
for many households , housing is the major available asset and it may [form] a central way in which wealth is transferred between generations .

The research aims to identify the decisions and practices which constitute rational management in two police Forces that have explicitly adopted such rational management models but which differ in approach and method of implementation .
the research aims to identify the decisions and practices which [form] rational management in two police forces that have explicitly adopted such rational management models but which differ in approach and method of implementation .

Many of those who constitute it would adhere to a world-renouncing ethnic based on a doctrine of separation from the world .
many of those who [form] it would adhere to a world-renouncing ethnic based on a doctrine of separation from the world .

The election studies constitute perhaps the most widely used social science resource in Britain , and one of their greatest strengths is their continuity — not only in their coverage of every general election since 1964 but also in their design and conduct .
the election studies [form] perhaps the most widely used social science resource in britain , and one of their greatest strengths is their continuity — not only in their coverage of every general election since 1964 but also in their design and conduct .

If any part does constitute such a gain , then that part is taxed as income and not capital .
if any part does [form] such a gain , then that part is taxed as income and not capital .

If the beneficiary dies before the passing of the Finance Act , 1975 , but after a determination or disposal of his interest which has taken place after 25/3/74 , then that determination or disposal does not constitute a chargeable transfer .
if the beneficiary dies before the passing of the finance act , 1975 , but after a determination or disposal of his interest which has taken place after 25/3/74 , then that determination or disposal does not [form] a chargeable transfer .

The kadilik of Mecca , and that of Medina , constitute something of a special case with respect to their early history .
the kadilik of mecca , and that of medina , [form] something of a special case with respect to their early history .

Biochemical pathways are sequences of chemicals that constitute successive stages in some useful process , like the release of energy or the synthesis of an important substance .
biochemical pathways are sequences of chemicals that [form] successive stages in some useful process , like the release of energy or the synthesis of an important substance .

But there is a sense in which the genes of different species , even if they do n't meet at close quarters inside cells , nevertheless constitute an important part of each others ' environment .
but there is a sense in which the genes of different species , even if they do n't meet at close quarters inside cells , nevertheless [form] an important part of each others ' environment .

They cooperate because they all stand to gain from the same outcome — the survival and reproduction of the communal body — and because they constitute an important part of the environment in which natural selection works on each other .
they cooperate because they all stand to gain from the same outcome — the survival and reproduction of the communal body — and because they [form] an important part of the environment in which natural selection works on each other .

It is only when sedimentation and subsidence coincide that the conditions will be right for the preservation of the vast thicknesses that constitute the stratigraphical record .
it is only when sedimentation and subsidence coincide that the conditions will be right for the preservation of the vast thicknesses that [form] the stratigraphical record .

The transactions between the parties must have been sufficiently numerous to constitute a ‘ course of dealing , ’
the transactions between the parties must have been sufficiently numerous to [form] a ‘ course of dealing , ’

Where the seller is authorised or required to send the goods to the buyer , delivery to a carrier for that purpose will normally constitute complete performance of the seller 's duty of delivery , section 32(1) .
where the seller is authorised or required to send the goods to the buyer , delivery to a carrier for that purpose will normally [form] complete performance of the seller 's duty of delivery , section 32(1) .

Re-selling the goods , therefore , does not constitute acceptance unless the buyer has had a reasonable opportunity of examining them .
re-selling the goods , therefore , does not [form] acceptance unless the buyer has had a reasonable opportunity of examining them .

When completed and signed by the customer , it will constitute an offer to the finance company by the customer to take the goods either on hire-purchase or on credit sale or conditional sale terms .
when completed and signed by the customer , it will [form] an offer to the finance company by the customer to take the goods either on hire-purchase or on credit sale or conditional sale terms .

The dealer will himself complete another form which will constitute an offer by him to the finance company to sell it the goods .
the dealer will himself complete another form which will [form] an offer by him to the finance company to sell it the goods .

Often it will be worded so as to constitute a contract of indemnity under which the dealer must make good any loss suffered by the finance company in the event of the customer defaulting on his payments or terminating his agreement .
often it will be worded so as to [form] a contract of indemnity under which the dealer must make good any loss suffered by the finance company in the event of the customer defaulting on his payments or terminating his agreement .

That success would certainly constitute no impediment to his own career in the University .
that success would certainly [form] no impediment to his own career in the university .

The new company will constitute a major sales force in Australia , New Zealand , Canada , the Middle East and elsewhere , the directors believe .
the new company will [form] a major sales force in australia , new zealand , canada , the middle east and elsewhere , the directors believe .

Although there have been proponents for a connection between microbial productivity and Precambrian iron deposition , the paucity of microfossils and low organic carbon content of BIFs has been seen by some to constitute strong evidence against biological involvement .
although there have been proponents for a connection between microbial productivity and precambrian iron deposition , the paucity of microfossils and low organic carbon content of bifs has been seen by some to [form] strong evidence against biological involvement .

Any deviations from assumptions ( a ) to ( d ) will constitute a deviation from ideality ( an ideal solution is a rare occurrence ) and several more realistic types of solution can be identified :
any deviations from assumptions ( a ) to ( d ) will [form] a deviation from ideality ( an ideal solution is a rare occurrence ) and several more realistic types of solution can be identified :

But , as this figure also suggests , this is in fact a view which accepts dominant ( white , middle class ) views as to what constitute a city 's back or front regions .
but , as this figure also suggests , this is in fact a view which accepts dominant ( white , middle class ) views as to what [form] a city 's back or front regions .

‘ State form ’ refers to the fact that states themselves constitute a special form of social relation .
‘ state form ’ refers to the fact that states themselves [form] a special form of social relation .

That would constitute too great a loss of face .
that would [form] too great a loss of face .

It will only change when the psychology behind it has changed ; and this psychology is based on two die-hard principles which together constitute almost the last vestiges of his own Indian-ness .
it will only change when the psychology behind it has changed ; and this psychology is based on two die-hard principles which together [form] almost the last vestiges of his own indian-ness .

Red and black mangrove trees constitute the primary forest of barren southern Honduras .
red and black mangrove trees [form] the primary forest of barren southern honduras .

But these differences of style hardly constitute different languages .
but these differences of style hardly [form] different languages .

The point is that the definition of the offence in clause 1 ( 1 ) ( b ) is so wide that any stepping out of line could constitute prison mutiny .
the point is that the definition of the offence in clause 1 ( 1 ) ( b ) is so wide that any stepping out of line could [form] prison mutiny .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the two essential components for a policy of nuclear deterrence are that one possesses the capability and that a potential enemy does not doubt one 's willingness to use it in order to defend oneself ? Does he agree that a few weasel words in a newspaper do not constitute a policy of nuclear deterrence , particularly when the leader of that party has stated clearly that he would never use nuclear weapons , even if Britain were under nuclear attack ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the two essential components for a policy of nuclear deterrence are that one possesses the capability and that a potential enemy does not doubt one 's willingness to use it in order to defend oneself ? does he agree that a few weasel words in a newspaper do not [form] a policy of nuclear deterrence , particularly when the leader of that party has stated clearly that he would never use nuclear weapons , even if britain were under nuclear attack ?

When the Secretary of State was helping to draft the declaration on the middle east peace process , did he have in mind the curfew that has been placed on the Nablus and Hebron areas and on the Al-Bireh area and did he have in mind the illegal occupation of the houses in the Silwan area of Jerusalem ? Will he confirm that the occupation is illegal and that all settlements on the west bank are illegal ? Will he confirm that curfews constitute collective punishment , which is punishable under article 33 of the fourth Geneva convention ?
when the secretary of state was helping to draft the declaration on the middle east peace process , did he have in mind the curfew that has been placed on the nablus and hebron areas and on the al-bireh area and did he have in mind the illegal occupation of the houses in the silwan area of jerusalem ? will he confirm that the occupation is illegal and that all settlements on the west bank are illegal ? will he confirm that curfews [form] collective punishment , which is punishable under article 33 of the fourth geneva convention ?

Will the Secretary of State explain to me , and to my puzzled constituents , what is the point of Powys health authority 's applying for trust status , given that the entity which now constitutes the health authority would also constitute the trust ?
will the secretary of state explain to me , and to my puzzled constituents , what is the point of powys health authority 's applying for trust status , given that the entity which now constitutes the health authority would also [form] the trust ?

Is the Minister aware that medical accidents constitute a major cause of dissatisfaction ? The legal procedure is far too clumsy and hit-and-miss . Can not we have a proper system of no-fault payments for medical injuries ?
is the minister aware that medical accidents [form] a major cause of dissatisfaction ? the legal procedure is far too clumsy and hit-and-miss . can not we have a proper system of no-fault payments for medical injuries ?

The apologies may be veiled and may take the form of a reversal of previous policies , but they nevertheless constitute the admission of how wrong the Government have been .
the apologies may be veiled and may take the form of a reversal of previous policies , but they nevertheless [form] the admission of how wrong the government have been .

The proportion of the telecommunications industry that is outside British Telecom control does not constitute a duopoly .
the proportion of the telecommunications industry that is outside british telecom control does not [form] a duopoly .

‘ Two photographs , ’ Fen said dryly , ‘ hardly constitute wall-to-wall plastering .
‘ two photographs , ’ fen said dryly , ‘ hardly [form] wall-to-wall plastering .

‘ To constitute an appropriation of goods to the contract , the parties must have had , or be reasonably supposed to have had , an intention to attach the contract irrevocably to those goods . ’
‘ to [form] an appropriation of goods to the contract , the parties must have had , or be reasonably supposed to have had , an intention to attach the contract irrevocably to those goods . ’

The pledgor and pledgee together combine to constitute ‘ the owner .
the pledgor and pledgee together combine to [form] ‘ the owner .

From a Marxist viewpoint , market exchange under capitalism may appear as an area of individual freedom and choice ; but in reality the commodities exchanged there constitute an alienated and uncontrolled social force whose existence dominates rather than liberates the lives of those who produce them .
from a marxist viewpoint , market exchange under capitalism may appear as an area of individual freedom and choice ; but in reality the commodities exchanged there [form] an alienated and uncontrolled social force whose existence dominates rather than liberates the lives of those who produce them .

It should be pointed out that even if the figures cited earlier are achieved , they are not overwhelming , since they constitute no more than about two years ' growth .
it should be pointed out that even if the figures cited earlier are achieved , they are not overwhelming , since they [form] no more than about two years ' growth .

Thus , the more documents that an indexing system is likely to embrace , the greater the number of index terms that are likely to be necessary for convenient retrieval ( given that the number of documents which constitute a scannable category does not vary ) .
thus , the more documents that an indexing system is likely to embrace , the greater the number of index terms that are likely to be necessary for convenient retrieval ( given that the number of documents which [form] a scannable category does not vary ) .

Furthermore , the pressure of working-class parties and trade unions has helped to produce a much more substantial intervention by the state in the economy , and this situation , although it can be interpreted from one aspect as the emergence of a new type of ‘ organized ’ or ‘ managed ’ capitalism , does also constitute a degree of protection of working-class interests against the power of capital through the general regulation of economic activity and the provision of an extensive network of social services , however imperfectly this may be done .
furthermore , the pressure of working-class parties and trade unions has helped to produce a much more substantial intervention by the state in the economy , and this situation , although it can be interpreted from one aspect as the emergence of a new type of ‘ organized ’ or ‘ managed ’ capitalism , does also [form] a degree of protection of working-class interests against the power of capital through the general regulation of economic activity and the provision of an extensive network of social services , however imperfectly this may be done .

It is here that the importance of social movements becomes apparent , for such movements — whether they are large-scale and enduring , like the trade union movement , or more specific , concerned with particular issues in some historical period , like the unemployed workers ' movements of the 1930s — do not only establish , in some cases , the preconditions for the emergence or transformation of organized political formations , but also constitute an independent form of political commitment and action which is an essential , often highly effective , element in political struggles .
it is here that the importance of social movements becomes apparent , for such movements — whether they are large-scale and enduring , like the trade union movement , or more specific , concerned with particular issues in some historical period , like the unemployed workers ' movements of the 1930s — do not only establish , in some cases , the preconditions for the emergence or transformation of organized political formations , but also [form] an independent form of political commitment and action which is an essential , often highly effective , element in political struggles .

Weber differed , however , in incorporating rather more of the Marxist analysis into his own theory , in so far as he recognized social classes — and more generally , various ‘ constellations of interest ’ in the economic sphere as important bases of domination , in his intense preoccupation with the growth of bureaucratic domination , and in the concentration of his analysis upon the different ways in which domination can make claims to ‘ legitimacy ’ and so constitute itself as a moral authority .
weber differed , however , in incorporating rather more of the marxist analysis into his own theory , in so far as he recognized social classes — and more generally , various ‘ constellations of interest ’ in the economic sphere as important bases of domination , in his intense preoccupation with the growth of bureaucratic domination , and in the concentration of his analysis upon the different ways in which domination can make claims to ‘ legitimacy ’ and so [form] itself as a moral authority .

Whereas these measures constitute a second phase of liberalisation … it will be necessary to provide for further market liberalisation including the reduction of barriers to the supply of electricity by producers to customers ; whereas the precise details of this third phase , which should complete the internal electricity market , can only be defined in the light of experience … In other words , ‘ We 'll see how we get along before we have any real competition between the sort of independent power producers whom the British are nurturing under their free-market arrangements . ’
whereas these measures [form] a second phase of liberalisation … it will be necessary to provide for further market liberalisation including the reduction of barriers to the supply of electricity by producers to customers ; whereas the precise details of this third phase , which should complete the internal electricity market , can only be defined in the light of experience … in other words , ‘ we 'll see how we get along before we have any real competition between the sort of independent power producers whom the british are nurturing under their free-market arrangements . ’

There are n 2 distinct solutions of the wave equation for each value of n , and the corresponding orbitals are said to constitute a shell .
there are n 2 distinct solutions of the wave equation for each value of n , and the corresponding orbitals are said to [form] a shell .

In the case of the dust cloud this would constitute heat flow .
in the case of the dust cloud this would [form] heat flow .

The genetic view might at first sight appear to constitute a supremely historical way of thinking about literature , as the literary text was explained in terms of its causes and its origins .
the genetic view might at first sight appear to [form] a supremely historical way of thinking about literature , as the literary text was explained in terms of its causes and its origins .

Literariness is a product of the deformation of the canonized or automatized elements , in other words of precisely those factors which constitute a tradition .
literariness is a product of the deformation of the canonized or automatized elements , in other words of precisely those factors which [form] a tradition .

The central position of language , the devaluing of the biographical element , the notion of a science of literature , and the importance placed on the deviation from the norm constitute some of the main recurrent features of literary theory from Jakobson to Barthes .
the central position of language , the devaluing of the biographical element , the notion of a science of literature , and the importance placed on the deviation from the norm [form] some of the main recurrent features of literary theory from jakobson to barthes .

But until this has actually proved to be possible — and Jakobson would have denied that it is — it seems reasonable to accept that both kinds of equivalence constitute a distinguishing feature , if not of all poetic language , at least of a great deal of it .
but until this has actually proved to be possible — and jakobson would have denied that it is — it seems reasonable to accept that both kinds of equivalence [form] a distinguishing feature , if not of all poetic language , at least of a great deal of it .

Equally the mere presence of further equivalences at other levels of the text , however intricate and profuse , may simply constitute one among many possible distinguishing features , and not necessarily the essential one , of poetry .
equally the mere presence of further equivalences at other levels of the text , however intricate and profuse , may simply [form] one among many possible distinguishing features , and not necessarily the essential one , of poetry .

This suggestion , that stylistics should characterize comparatively the language or style of texts and leave it at that , would seem to constitute a sort of minimal claim for the relevance of linguistics to the study of literature .
this suggestion , that stylistics should characterize comparatively the language or style of texts and leave it at that , would seem to [form] a sort of minimal claim for the relevance of linguistics to the study of literature .

For Brooks , Wimsatt and Beardsley complexity and coherence together constitute the key considerations in the analysis of literary texts .
for brooks , wimsatt and beardsley complexity and coherence together [form] the key considerations in the analysis of literary texts .

This last objection can be put in a form applicable to many of the theories discussed in this book : that it may be a mistake to try to define the essential features of literature in absolute and objective terms ; that such definitions as one may devise are likely to be relevant only to certain kinds or certain features of literature , or merely constitute one among a number of possible ways of approaching the subject .
this last objection can be put in a form applicable to many of the theories discussed in this book : that it may be a mistake to try to define the essential features of literature in absolute and objective terms ; that such definitions as one may devise are likely to be relevant only to certain kinds or certain features of literature , or merely [form] one among a number of possible ways of approaching the subject .

which constitute the basic units of language ) .
which [form] the basic units of language ) .

Colouring a few faces brown and celebrating a couple of extra festivals does not constitute multicultural education .
colouring a few faces brown and celebrating a couple of extra festivals does not [form] multicultural education .

’ Would this be a condition or would the wrappers still constitute part of the consideration ?
’ would this be a condition or would the wrappers still [form] part of the consideration ?

If the wife were to pledge her husband 's credit in these circumstances , she would be guilty of obtaining by false pretences or obtaining credit by fraud under the then law ( now obtaining by deception — Theft Act 1968 ) . Should her promise to refrain from so doing constitute good consideration ?
if the wife were to pledge her husband 's credit in these circumstances , she would be guilty of obtaining by false pretences or obtaining credit by fraud under the then law ( now obtaining by deception — theft act 1968 ) . should her promise to refrain from so doing [form] good consideration ?

Might not a debtor legitimately seek release from his creditor ? Could not a promise in effect to forgo this liberty constitute consideration ?
might not a debtor legitimately seek release from his creditor ? could not a promise in effect to forgo this liberty [form] consideration ?

Such appeals , fairly consistently spread over the twenty-seven years of her subsequent married life , constitute indirect evidence of an untroubled personal relationship with Charles .
such appeals , fairly consistently spread over the twenty-seven years of her subsequent married life , [form] indirect evidence of an untroubled personal relationship with charles .

As information it is far from perfect but it draws its significance from the weight and faith which parents place on their view of which items constitute the stepping-stones of their children 's ambitions .
as information it is far from perfect but it draws its significance from the weight and faith which parents place on their view of which items [form] the stepping-stones of their children 's ambitions .

We may reasonably assume from Franco 's portly appearance throughout the `` hungry years `` that dolphin sandwiches and low-quality fish did not constitute his staple diet .
we may reasonably assume from franco 's portly appearance throughout the `` hungry years `` that dolphin sandwiches and low-quality fish did not [form] his staple diet .

Franco , too , knew that as long as he kept the lid of repression screwed tightly down on the Left , his fiercest opponents would never be able to constitute a serious threat .
franco , too , knew that as long as he kept the lid of repression screwed tightly down on the left , his fiercest opponents would never be able to [form] a serious threat .

Failure by an individual on the Register to comply with such rules shall constitute misconduct for the purposes of the Charter rendering such individual liable to disciplinary action pursuant to Bye–Laws 70 to 73 ( inclusive ) .
failure by an individual on the register to comply with such rules shall [form] misconduct for the purposes of the charter rendering such individual liable to disciplinary action pursuant to bye–laws 70 to 73 ( inclusive ) .

Registrants should be aware that non–compliance with the provisions of this Code may be relevant when considering professional disciplinary matters although adherence to the Code will be regarded as demonstrating good practice which could constitute the best protection against such action .
registrants should be aware that non–compliance with the provisions of this code may be relevant when considering professional disciplinary matters although adherence to the code will be regarded as demonstrating good practice which could [form] the best protection against such action .

One thing which could account for a greater distinctiveness in memory of risky situations would be the idea that risky situations constitute a small number of rather unusual items among a large number of more similar ones .
one thing which could account for a greater distinctiveness in memory of risky situations would be the idea that risky situations [form] a small number of rather unusual items among a large number of more similar ones .

In some ways , postnominal attributives are also relatively straightforward ; thus it is perfectly clear that they are like ordinary prenominal attributives in that they do not constitute a full sentence with the noun or noun phrase that precedes them , and that they are part of the same entity-identifying phrase .
in some ways , postnominal attributives are also relatively straightforward ; thus it is perfectly clear that they are like ordinary prenominal attributives in that they do not [form] a full sentence with the noun or noun phrase that precedes them , and that they are part of the same entity-identifying phrase .

Some , and one can use Goffman 's `` dramaturgical approach `` as an example , constitute methodological metaphors , and yet others are simply empirical generalisations .
some , and one can use goffman 's `` dramaturgical approach `` as an example , [form] methodological metaphors , and yet others are simply empirical generalisations .

Disciplines , or more accurately , theories belonging to disciplines , constitute their phenomena as selected aspects of the totality of the world .
disciplines , or more accurately , theories belonging to disciplines , [form] their phenomena as selected aspects of the totality of the world .

Disciplines take a special interest in the world as shaped and reflected in the theories they produce ; theories which constitute their respective phenomena of interest .
disciplines take a special interest in the world as shaped and reflected in the theories they produce ; theories which [form] their respective phenomena of interest .

They constitute agendas for research rather than a collection of findings and substantiated theories of social life .
they [form] agendas for research rather than a collection of findings and substantiated theories of social life .

Finding out the `` facts `` characteristic of a people who constitute the population of some society , usually a nation , is seen as the essence of social scientific investigation .
finding out the `` facts `` characteristic of a people who [form] the population of some society , usually a nation , is seen as the essence of social scientific investigation .

The foregoing discussion has tried to make and illustrate the point that research methods can not stand in isolation from the theoretical and conceptual issues which constitute the social sciences .
the foregoing discussion has tried to make and illustrate the point that research methods can not stand in isolation from the theoretical and conceptual issues which [form] the social sciences .

The social psychological survey embodied the practical use of scaling techniques by which the attitudes of respondents were held to exemplify positions on basic dimensions and , in this respect , has profoundly affected the way in which social researchers think about the constitution of `` things `` that constitute the social world .
the social psychological survey embodied the practical use of scaling techniques by which the attitudes of respondents were held to exemplify positions on basic dimensions and , in this respect , has profoundly affected the way in which social researchers think about the constitution of `` things `` that [form] the social world .

It is the responses they provide which constitute the data recorded and analysed .
it is the responses they provide which [form] the data recorded and analysed .

The respondent 's answers constitute the raw material to be analysed at a later point in time .
the respondent 's answers [form] the raw material to be analysed at a later point in time .

Together with former generals Rene Cruz and Honesto Isleta — who had played a key role in the Ramos election campaign — Almonte formed part of a group of former military officers who were widely believed to constitute the unofficial power centre of the new administration .
together with former generals rene cruz and honesto isleta — who had played a key role in the ramos election campaign — almonte formed part of a group of former military officers who were widely believed to [form] the unofficial power centre of the new administration .

The government approved a draft 1993 budget on Aug. 6 which , Finance Minister Ivan Kostov told a press conference , would constitute Bulgaria 's `` most trying ordeal since the start of the economic reform `` .
the government approved a draft 1993 budget on aug. 6 which , finance minister ivan kostov told a press conference , would [form] bulgaria 's `` most trying ordeal since the start of the economic reform `` .

The Prime Minister 's decision to take legal action was given strong support by other Socialists , but criticized by some leading politicians of the centre-right , who argued that it might constitute a restriction of freedom of speech .
the prime minister 's decision to take legal action was given strong support by other socialists , but criticized by some leading politicians of the centre-right , who argued that it might [form] a restriction of freedom of speech .

In 1989 the Supreme Court had assisted employers to defend themselves by ruling that it was up to the worker to prove that such practices did not constitute a `` business necessity `` .
in 1989 the supreme court had assisted employers to defend themselves by ruling that it was up to the worker to prove that such practices did not [form] a `` business necessity `` .

Setting forth the goal of `` establishing a new and equitable global partnership `` , it affirmed that in order to achieve sustainable development , environmental protection should constitute an integral part of the development process , and not be considered in isolation from it .
setting forth the goal of `` establishing a new and equitable global partnership `` , it affirmed that in order to achieve sustainable development , environmental protection should [form] an integral part of the development process , and not be considered in isolation from it .

Interest was also expressed in constructing a highway connecting Argentina , Brazil and Uruguay ; this project , together with the Paraguay-Paraná rivers waterway , would `` constitute key elements for the physical integration `` of Mercosur countries .
interest was also expressed in constructing a highway connecting argentina , brazil and uruguay ; this project , together with the paraguay-paraná rivers waterway , would `` [form] key elements for the physical integration `` of mercosur countries .

On Sept. 9 a Soviet Deputy Foreign Minister , Vladimir Petrovsky , had signalled the Soviet Union 's willingness to drop its opposition to the suspension of the unanimity rule , maintaining that foreign concern over human rights issues did not constitute interference in domestic affairs .
on sept. 9 a soviet deputy foreign minister , vladimir petrovsky , had signalled the soviet union 's willingness to drop its opposition to the suspension of the unanimity rule , maintaining that foreign concern over human rights issues did not [form] interference in domestic affairs .

Palestinian leaders argued that their fighters did not constitute a militia , but were an army engaged in a war with Israel and its proxy South Lebanon Army .
palestinian leaders argued that their fighters did not [form] a militia , but were an army engaged in a war with israel and its proxy south lebanon army .

( 2 ) Starting on July 1 , 1990 , the contracting parties shall constitute a monetary union comprising a unified currency area and with the Deutsche Mark as the common currency . The Deutsche Bundesbank shall be the central bank in this currency area …
( 2 ) starting on july 1 , 1990 , the contracting parties shall [form] a monetary union comprising a unified currency area and with the deutsche mark as the common currency . the deutsche bundesbank shall be the central bank in this currency area …

The federal representative body should be altered to constitute a Federal Assembly and an independent Federal Council , formed of representatives from the republican parliaments with direct participation in proposing legislation .
the federal representative body should be altered to [form] a federal assembly and an independent federal council , formed of representatives from the republican parliaments with direct participation in proposing legislation .

The three provincial assemblies together constitute the Territorial Congress .
the three provincial assemblies together [form] the territorial congress .

The Far Eastern Economic Review of March 26 reported that there were fears in Hong Kong that the advisers would constitute a second , unelected power-base in the colony .
the far eastern economic review of march 26 reported that there were fears in hong kong that the advisers would [form] a second , unelected power-base in the colony .

Ozawa and his supporters — estimated to constitute a majority within the faction 's 67 members in the lower chamber of the Diet , and to include almost all of the faction 's younger members — contested the procedural validity of Obuchi 's selection and indicated that they were prepared to establish a breakaway faction rather than accept his leadership .
ozawa and his supporters — estimated to [form] a majority within the faction 's 67 members in the lower chamber of the diet , and to include almost all of the faction 's younger members — contested the procedural validity of obuchi 's selection and indicated that they were prepared to establish a breakaway faction rather than accept his leadership .

Political developments in 1990 continued to be dominated by the worsening ethnic conflict between the Moorish ( Arabic-speaking ) majority and the mainly French-speaking blacks ( who constitute about one-fifth of the country 's population ) , the growing military activities of black opposition movements , and the related tense relations with Senegal [ see pp. 36579-80 ; 36840 ; 36863-64 ; 37799 ; and below ; for dismissal of Interior Minister see above ] .
political developments in 1990 continued to be dominated by the worsening ethnic conflict between the moorish ( arabic-speaking ) majority and the mainly french-speaking blacks ( who [form] about one-fifth of the country 's population ) , the growing military activities of black opposition movements , and the related tense relations with senegal [ see pp. 36579-80 ; 36840 ; 36863-64 ; 37799 ; and below ; for dismissal of interior minister see above ] .

To constitute a tenancy the occupier must be granted exclusive possession for a fixed or periodic term certain in consideration of a premium or periodical payments .
to [form] a tenancy the occupier must be granted exclusive possession for a fixed or periodic term certain in consideration of a premium or periodical payments .

Lord Roskill said that the law was this : `` [ i ] t is the doing of one or more acts which individually or collectively amount to … adverse interference with or usurpation of the owner 's rights which constitute appropriation under s.3 ( 1 ) . ``
lord roskill said that the law was this : `` [ i ] t is the doing of one or more acts which individually or collectively amount to … adverse interference with or usurpation of the owner 's rights which [form] appropriation under s.3 ( 1 ) . ``

If the threat is to beat up the victim later , the facts do not constitute robbery because the victim was not put in fear of being `` then and there subjected to force `` .
if the threat is to beat up the victim later , the facts do not [form] robbery because the victim was not put in fear of being `` then and there subjected to force `` .

However , although the results of validity generalisation studies are impressive and constitute a strong argument in favour of using ability tests for personnel selection , it has yet to be seen to what extent its conclusions will be taken up by practitioners in the field .
however , although the results of validity generalisation studies are impressive and [form] a strong argument in favour of using ability tests for personnel selection , it has yet to be seen to what extent its conclusions will be taken up by practitioners in the field .

For Bickerton , the continuum — a dynamic system of lects — is necessary to explain the complexities of the Guyanese linguistic situation : `` for Guyanese Creole clearly does not constitute a language , in so far as one end of it is indistinguishable from English `` ( Bickerton 1973 : 166 ) .
for bickerton , the continuum — a dynamic system of lects — is necessary to explain the complexities of the guyanese linguistic situation : `` for guyanese creole clearly does not [form] a language , in so far as one end of it is indistinguishable from english `` ( bickerton 1973 : 166 ) .

In order for contributory negligence to constitute a defence , the plaintiff 's fault must be a legal and factual cause of the harm suffered .
in order for contributory negligence to [form] a defence , the plaintiff 's fault must be a legal and factual cause of the harm suffered .

The duty will be owed where the landlord knows , or ought to have known , of a defect which would constitute a breach of his obligation to the tenant to repair the premises .
the duty will be owed where the landlord knows , or ought to have known , of a defect which would [form] a breach of his obligation to the tenant to repair the premises .

There must be a public right , the breach of which will constitute a public nuisance and a member of the public must suffer special damage .
there must be a public right , the breach of which will [form] a public nuisance and a member of the public must suffer special damage .

By most criteria , this behaviour would constitute a form of complicity .
by most criteria , this behaviour would [form] a form of complicity .

The figures above using the Kreinin method constitute the " anti-monde " for trade in manufactured goods of the four countries indicated .
the figures above using the kreinin method [form] the " anti-monde " for trade in manufactured goods of the four countries indicated .

It may be argued , therefore , that the loss of exchange rate changes as a policy instrument does not involve a cost sufficiently significant as to constitute a convincing argument against the creation of the European currency union .
it may be argued , therefore , that the loss of exchange rate changes as a policy instrument does not involve a cost sufficiently significant as to [form] a convincing argument against the creation of the european currency union .

Thus they carry a specification of what kind of inactive edge they will become on completion , what kinds of lower level inactive edges they require in order to become complete , and just which inactive edges constitute the partial analysis derived so far .
thus they carry a specification of what kind of inactive edge they will become on completion , what kinds of lower level inactive edges they require in order to become complete , and just which inactive edges [form] the partial analysis derived so far .

Zenith disassembles Acme 's program and re-writes parts of it to make its program , perhaps using a different computer language — definite infringement of copyright ( the act of disassembly itself will constitute an infringement of copyright ) .
zenith disassembles acme 's program and re-writes parts of it to make its program , perhaps using a different computer language — definite infringement of copyright ( the act of disassembly itself will [form] an infringement of copyright ) .

The Draft Directive provides for copyright protection for collections which , by reason of their selection or arrangement , constitute the author 's own intellectual creation ( similar to the German standard for copyright protection generally ) .
the draft directive provides for copyright protection for collections which , by reason of their selection or arrangement , [form] the author 's own intellectual creation ( similar to the german standard for copyright protection generally ) .

It was held that this could not constitute a `` manner of manufacture `` ( the phrase used instead of `` industrial application `` prior to the 1977 Act ) .
it was held that this could not [form] a `` manner of manufacture `` ( the phrase used instead of `` industrial application `` prior to the 1977 act ) .

The rest of this chapter will constitute an attempt to explain by means of this hypothesis the various uses of these two forms where they both occur with the same or similar full verbs .
the rest of this chapter will [form] an attempt to explain by means of this hypothesis the various uses of these two forms where they both occur with the same or similar full verbs .

This implies of course that the infinitive event 's realization by the subject has to constitute sufficiently significant information about the referent which the latter refers to for the sentence to be worth uttering .
this implies of course that the infinitive event 's realization by the subject has to [form] sufficiently significant information about the referent which the latter refers to for the sentence to be worth uttering .

Indeed , need and dare allow us to see even more clearly how it is that the modals fail to constitute a before-position with respect to the event expressed by the infinitive .
indeed , need and dare allow us to see even more clearly how it is that the modals fail to [form] a before-position with respect to the event expressed by the infinitive .

When , however , need and dare are used non-assertively , it is possible for the speaker to feel that there is nothing real ( no real need or daring ) situated in time to constitute a before-position in relation to the event evoked by the infinitive , and so to use the bare infinitive after these verbs as with the modals .
when , however , need and dare are used non-assertively , it is possible for the speaker to feel that there is nothing real ( no real need or daring ) situated in time to [form] a before-position in relation to the event evoked by the infinitive , and so to use the bare infinitive after these verbs as with the modals .

As seen above with need and dare , therefore , it is only when ought is not asserted but conceived as a mere possibility that it can cease to constitute a before-position with respect to the event expressed by the infinitive and be followed by the bare infinitive .
as seen above with need and dare , therefore , it is only when ought is not asserted but conceived as a mere possibility that it can cease to [form] a before-position with respect to the event expressed by the infinitive and be followed by the bare infinitive .

These visions constitute the starting point of tragic drama and must not be confused with the Apolline visions of the epic poets ( or equally those of the visual artist ) .
these visions [form] the starting point of tragic drama and must not be confused with the apolline visions of the epic poets ( or equally those of the visual artist ) .

Systems consist of a very small number of terms which thus constitute closed sets .
systems consist of a very small number of terms which thus [form] closed sets .

The meanings of these terms , taken together , constitute a single semantic field .
the meanings of these terms , taken together , [form] a single semantic field .

Lij Yasu 's restoration would at the least constitute a considerable propaganda success for Turkey ; it might even bring Abyssinia into the war on the side of our enemies , at a time when we were fighting the Germans in East Africa , the Turks in Sinai , Mesopotamia and the Aden Protectorate , and the Dervishes in Somaliland .
lij yasu 's restoration would at the least [form] a considerable propaganda success for turkey ; it might even bring abyssinia into the war on the side of our enemies , at a time when we were fighting the germans in east africa , the turks in sinai , mesopotamia and the aden protectorate , and the dervishes in somaliland .

It is simply that long-term objectives do not constitute an escape strategy .
it is simply that long-term objectives do not [form] an escape strategy .

Chemical structure determines also , of course , the chemical properties of the polymer such as solubility , reactivity , the optical and electrical properties and , most basic of all , whether the polymer can be made at all from the small molecules which constitute the monomer .
chemical structure determines also , of course , the chemical properties of the polymer such as solubility , reactivity , the optical and electrical properties and , most basic of all , whether the polymer can be made at all from the small molecules which [form] the monomer .

Volatile fatty acids ( VFAs ) , are produced by bacterial degradation of non-absorbed dietary carbohydrate and are rapidly absorbed by the colon , where they constitute a significant energy source .
volatile fatty acids ( vfas ) , are produced by bacterial degradation of non-absorbed dietary carbohydrate and are rapidly absorbed by the colon , where they [form] a significant energy source .

As patients who have been stone free for > nine months constitute a low risk group for recurrence ( see below ) , the apparently lower recurrence rate in the chenodeyxholic acid treated patients may be an artefact .
as patients who have been stone free for > nine months [form] a low risk group for recurrence ( see below ) , the apparently lower recurrence rate in the chenodeyxholic acid treated patients may be an artefact .

Although this group of non-constipated patients does not constitute a truly normal population , a history of regular bowel movements , an increase in the motility index after a meal , and the presence of HAPCs suggest normal colon motility .
although this group of non-constipated patients does not [form] a truly normal population , a history of regular bowel movements , an increase in the motility index after a meal , and the presence of hapcs suggest normal colon motility .

As equity holders are the residual owners of the company , they constitute a loss-absorbing buffer in the event of liquidation and as such can improve the company 's creditworthiness .
as equity holders are the residual owners of the company , they [form] a loss-absorbing buffer in the event of liquidation and as such can improve the company 's creditworthiness .

Most important , he will have to explain how far sympathy action should be allowed and precisely what would constitute a lawful trade dispute .
most important , he will have to explain how far sympathy action should be allowed and precisely what would [form] a lawful trade dispute .

Whether or not the procession from the Ravenhill Church and the barracking of the Presbyterian Church Assembly had been designed to constitute a direct challenge to the government , things were moving rapidly in that direction .
whether or not the procession from the ravenhill church and the barracking of the presbyterian church assembly had been designed to [form] a direct challenge to the government , things were moving rapidly in that direction .

One snack should constitute , at most , half a bar of chocolate , or two biscuits or a very small cake ( or anything sweet of around 100–150 calories ) .
one snack should [form] , at most , half a bar of chocolate , or two biscuits or a very small cake ( or anything sweet of around 100–150 calories ) .

Relations of production were in some cases clearly oppressive , but that was more attributable to the nationalism of the government and the ethnic prejudice of the employers than to their capitalism : relations of wealthy to poor Zuwaya did not constitute class relations , and secondary characteristics of class — segregation in housing , schooling and medical care — — were absent .
relations of production were in some cases clearly oppressive , but that was more attributable to the nationalism of the government and the ethnic prejudice of the employers than to their capitalism : relations of wealthy to poor zuwaya did not [form] class relations , and secondary characteristics of class — segregation in housing , schooling and medical care — — were absent .

The Catholic flock — who constitute one third of Malawi 's population — are tired of dividing their loyalties .
the catholic flock — who [form] one third of malawi 's population — are tired of dividing their loyalties .

The nature and extent of the control and intention necessary to constitute possession will vary with the circumstances , and particularly with the character of the thing of which the possession is in question .
the nature and extent of the control and intention necessary to [form] possession will vary with the circumstances , and particularly with the character of the thing of which the possession is in question .

Furthermore , although this action takes place in a local congregation , it is the worship of the whole people of God — the living and the dead , the Church militant and triumphant , for together they constitute the body of Christ .
furthermore , although this action takes place in a local congregation , it is the worship of the whole people of god — the living and the dead , the church militant and triumphant , for together they [form] the body of christ .

Although they constitute a thorough attack on Descartes 's rationalism , Gassendi 's empiricism is developed elsewhere .
although they [form] a thorough attack on descartes 's rationalism , gassendi 's empiricism is developed elsewhere .

He explicitly says they do not constitute ‘ knowledge ’ but what he calls ‘ belief ’ or ‘ opinion ’ .
he explicitly says they do not [form] ‘ knowledge ’ but what he calls ‘ belief ’ or ‘ opinion ’ .

Accordingly , for him , the real essence of gold , which accounts for and explains those properties of gold with which we are familiar , and which constitute our idea or nominal essence of it , is its corpuscular or atomic constitution .
accordingly , for him , the real essence of gold , which accounts for and explains those properties of gold with which we are familiar , and which [form] our idea or nominal essence of it , is its corpuscular or atomic constitution .

According to the corpuscular theory these secondary ( and tertiary ) qualities arise from the arrangement , the ‘ texture ’ , of the solid , shaped , and mobile corpuscles which constitute gold , and so are not to be attributed to the corpuscles themselves .
according to the corpuscular theory these secondary ( and tertiary ) qualities arise from the arrangement , the ‘ texture ’ , of the solid , shaped , and mobile corpuscles which [form] gold , and so are not to be attributed to the corpuscles themselves .

It should be identified either in a general way with matter as understood by the corpuscularians or , more specifically , with the particular arrangements or ‘ textures ’ of corpuscles which constitute real essences .
it should be identified either in a general way with matter as understood by the corpuscularians or , more specifically , with the particular arrangements or ‘ textures ’ of corpuscles which [form] real essences .

He objects that extension , by itself , is insufficient to constitute body ; this property of filling space , like the ability to communicate motion in collisions , must depend on something else .
he objects that extension , by itself , is insufficient to [form] body ; this property of filling space , like the ability to communicate motion in collisions , must depend on something else .

The power to move a body , and the ability to think , do constitute our idea of mind .
the power to move a body , and the ability to think , do [form] our idea of mind .

‘ The proper objects of vision constitute an universal language of the Author of Nature , whereby we are instructed how to regulate our actions in order to attain those things that are necessary to the preservation and well-being of our bodies .
‘ the proper objects of vision [form] an universal language of the author of nature , whereby we are instructed how to regulate our actions in order to attain those things that are necessary to the preservation and well-being of our bodies .

It is true that , by contrast with those that constitute ‘ imaginary things ’ , the ideas that constitute ‘ real things ’ are , for Berkeley , independent of the human mind : they are not subject to the voluntary control of the mind that perceives them .
it is true that , by contrast with those that [form] ‘ imaginary things ’ , the ideas that [form] ‘ real things ’ are , for berkeley , independent of the human mind : they are not subject to the voluntary control of the mind that perceives them .

Under threat are the world 's drylands , which are said to constitute about 35 per cent of the world 's land area and support some 850 million people .
under threat are the world 's drylands , which are said to [form] about 35 per cent of the world 's land area and support some 850 million people .

They are a very small part of the atmosphere , of which nitrogen and oxygen constitute 99 per cent by volume .
they are a very small part of the atmosphere , of which nitrogen and oxygen [form] 99 per cent by volume .

Old-age pensioners will constitute 15 per cent of the population — a figure expected to rise steeply in subsequent years .
old-age pensioners will [form] 15 per cent of the population — a figure expected to rise steeply in subsequent years .

Parliamentary discussions are not meant to reveal a general will which already exists and then to enshrine it in law , but instead to reflect the conflicts within society and to constitute opinion and judgement as a result of proposal and counterproposal , on information and the asking of questions .
parliamentary discussions are not meant to reveal a general will which already exists and then to enshrine it in law , but instead to reflect the conflicts within society and to [form] opinion and judgement as a result of proposal and counterproposal , on information and the asking of questions .

MacCulloch ( 1819 ) , and later , Murchison and Geikie ( 1861 ) , provided the first accounts of the geology of Lewis and Harris and the other islands which constitute the north east-south west chain of islands called the Outer Hebrides , which lies some 70 km west of the northern Scottish mainland .
macculloch ( 1819 ) , and later , murchison and geikie ( 1861 ) , provided the first accounts of the geology of lewis and harris and the other islands which [form] the north east-south west chain of islands called the outer hebrides , which lies some 70 km west of the northern scottish mainland .

Jean Piaget , in his profound yet often obscure work Biologie et connaissance ( 1967 ) , remarks that ‘ cognitive mechanisms constitute the actual organs of regulation during exchanges with the environment ’ and infers that some isomorphism between theories of biological and cognitive integration is inevitable .
jean piaget , in his profound yet often obscure work biologie et connaissance ( 1967 ) , remarks that ‘ cognitive mechanisms [form] the actual organs of regulation during exchanges with the environment ’ and infers that some isomorphism between theories of biological and cognitive integration is inevitable .

Jean Piaget , in arguing that cognitive mechanisms constitute the actual organs of regulation during exchanges with the environment , emphasizes that the development of complexity arises through the assimilation of new functions on to older structures .
jean piaget , in arguing that cognitive mechanisms [form] the actual organs of regulation during exchanges with the environment , emphasizes that the development of complexity arises through the assimilation of new functions on to older structures .

Patterns of grouping and spatial dispersion are closely related to food resources and foraging strategy and come to constitute the demographic environment within which social selection determining behaviour responsible for mating and rearing strategies occurs .
patterns of grouping and spatial dispersion are closely related to food resources and foraging strategy and come to [form] the demographic environment within which social selection determining behaviour responsible for mating and rearing strategies occurs .

Kortlandt argues that the formation of the Great Rift Valley system in East Africa combined with the Nile and Zambezi drainage systems to constitute a geographical barrier to the east of which the Dryopithecine apes adapted to a progressive desiccation of the landscape caused by the rise of the Rift mountain ridges in combination with climatic trends .
kortlandt argues that the formation of the great rift valley system in east africa combined with the nile and zambezi drainage systems to [form] a geographical barrier to the east of which the dryopithecine apes adapted to a progressive desiccation of the landscape caused by the rise of the rift mountain ridges in combination with climatic trends .

The study of interactions and relationships that constitute the social structure of these various rearing units has begun to provide a description of the rules whereby the structure is maintained from generation to generation .
the study of interactions and relationships that [form] the social structure of these various rearing units has begun to provide a description of the rules whereby the structure is maintained from generation to generation .

These secondary resources are so abundant , however , that competition rarely arises for them and they thus constitute a reserve when primary resources are few .
these secondary resources are so abundant , however , that competition rarely arises for them and they thus [form] a reserve when primary resources are few .

Does this not constitute a radically different form of theism from that practised by the Near Eastern religions ?
does this not [form] a radically different form of theism from that practised by the near eastern religions ?

Payments under this scheme do not affect any legal rights you may have to take action for any loss or damage sustained and do not constitute an admission of liability on our part .
payments under this scheme do not affect any legal rights you may have to take action for any loss or damage sustained and do not [form] an admission of liability on our part .

As the mortgage payment and related insurance premiums will constitute a major part of your monthly outgoings , the Bristol & West provides Incomesure , a special sort of insurance , to protect your ability to maintain these payments in the case of unemployment , accident , or sickness .
as the mortgage payment and related insurance premiums will [form] a major part of your monthly outgoings , the bristol & west provides incomesure , a special sort of insurance , to protect your ability to maintain these payments in the case of unemployment , accident , or sickness .

No drugs are foods The number of syllogisms done in 2 minutes would constitute the test .
no drugs are foods the number of syllogisms done in 2 minutes would [form] the test .

They constitute an assortment of ill-defined symptoms that affect people in different ways and to different extents .
they [form] an assortment of ill-defined symptoms that affect people in different ways and to different extents .

We step off the main road , down two steps and into one of two rooms which constitute home .
we step off the main road , down two steps and into one of two rooms which [form] home .

He must therefore satisfy himself on a regular basis that it does not constitute a statutory nuisance .
he must therefore satisfy himself on a regular basis that it does not [form] a statutory nuisance .

Street fashion is big on pazzazz , low on subtlety . Thus , while the Giorgio show bristled with understated elegance this spring , the Emporio extravaganza was a riot of wild colour and audacious shapes , featuring eye-popping tartans and sizzling satin trenchcoats along with the sludgy , tweedy garments which constitute the cut-price clothes of more typical Armani fashion
street fashion is big on pazzazz , low on subtlety . thus , while the giorgio show bristled with understated elegance this spring , the emporio extravaganza was a riot of wild colour and audacious shapes , featuring eye-popping tartans and sizzling satin trenchcoats along with the sludgy , tweedy garments which [form] the cut-price clothes of more typical armani fashion

Poly-unsaturated fats should constitute the next largest share of your fat intake , after mono-unsaturated fats .
poly-unsaturated fats should [form] the next largest share of your fat intake , after mono-unsaturated fats .

But they do not constitute invitations to sexual assault , least of all by officers of the law .
but they do not [form] invitations to sexual assault , least of all by officers of the law .

For illness to occur , salmonellas usually require a growth medium such as prepared food and exposure to warm temperatures for a prolonged period , to allow multiplication to their 100,000 to 100,000,000 cells which constitute an infective dose .
for illness to occur , salmonellas usually require a growth medium such as prepared food and exposure to warm temperatures for a prolonged period , to allow multiplication to their 100,000 to 100,000,000 cells which [form] an infective dose .

The number of policewomen in each section varies , although there is always a minimum of one , which is low because women constitute less than 10 per cent of the regular force ( Brewer et al .
the number of policewomen in each section varies , although there is always a minimum of one , which is low because women [form] less than 10 per cent of the regular force ( brewer et al .

The calls the section police receive constitute the bulk of their routine duties , although they also undertake the administrative tasks that might follow from them , such as preparing case files and attending court and post-mortems .
the calls the section police receive [form] the bulk of their routine duties , although they also undertake the administrative tasks that might follow from them , such as preparing case files and attending court and post-mortems .

Again , they operate with similar typifications of who constitute the troublesome clients , based partly on experience but also heavily influenced by stereotypes of the educationally subnormal , one-parent families , families in whom historically crime runs , and so on .
again , they operate with similar typifications of who [form] the troublesome clients , based partly on experience but also heavily influenced by stereotypes of the educationally subnormal , one-parent families , families in whom historically crime runs , and so on .

Now that they had been presented with the information which they had requested all along , they had to prove that faecal contamination of the egg shell did not constitute any great risk to public health , Mother Catherine said .
now that they had been presented with the information which they had requested all along , they had to prove that faecal contamination of the egg shell did not [form] any great risk to public health , mother catherine said .

Even if you do manage to prove that he has been harassing you , there does n't appear to be much general acceptance of the fact that intimidating someone in this way might actually constitute a serious crime .
even if you do manage to prove that he has been harassing you , there does n't appear to be much general acceptance of the fact that intimidating someone in this way might actually [form] a serious crime .

There are seventeen drama schools in Britain which constitute the ‘ Conference of Drama Schools ’ and most of these have courses which have been accredited by the National Council for Drama Training .
there are seventeen drama schools in britain which [form] the ‘ conference of drama schools ’ and most of these have courses which have been accredited by the national council for drama training .

Their relations to one another determine the syntax ( that is , the grammar ) of the language they constitute , and their causal relations to the external world determine their semantics ( that is , what they are about or refer to ) .
their relations to one another determine the syntax ( that is , the grammar ) of the language they [form] , and their causal relations to the external world determine their semantics ( that is , what they are about or refer to ) .

The problem is that it is highly improbable that a group of patients with brain injury constitute a natural kind , even when they display similar symptoms on some test or other .
the problem is that it is highly improbable that a group of patients with brain injury [form] a natural kind , even when they display similar symptoms on some test or other .

The foreigners in Ottawa constitute an ominous threat to the integrity and autonomy of our province .
the foreigners in ottawa [form] an ominous threat to the integrity and autonomy of our province .

The dominant beliefs of the catholic — nationalist bloc still are that the group forms a people who are Gaelic-Irish , constitute a nation , are republican , and populate an island which has a natural , inner political unity .
the dominant beliefs of the catholic — nationalist bloc still are that the group forms a people who are gaelic-irish , [form] a nation , are republican , and populate an island which has a natural , inner political unity .

Roman catholicism and protestantism constitute , in different ways and to varying degrees , nationalist and loyalist beliefs in Ireland .
roman catholicism and protestantism [form] , in different ways and to varying degrees , nationalist and loyalist beliefs in ireland .

Church of Ireland members , largely of English origin though less conscious of it , predominated in the south of Ulster and still constitute the majority among the protestant farming community .
church of ireland members , largely of english origin though less conscious of it , predominated in the south of ulster and still [form] the majority among the protestant farming community .

Ali Idrissi Kaitouni was given a 15-year sentence for writing poems about social injustice and political oppression in Morocco , deemed by the state to constitute a crime against internal security .
ali idrissi kaitouni was given a 15-year sentence for writing poems about social injustice and political oppression in morocco , deemed by the state to [form] a crime against internal security .

It can now be seen that these pieces of equipment constitute a basic gym around which routines for both beginners and advanced trainers can be structured .
it can now be seen that these pieces of equipment [form] a basic gym around which routines for both beginners and advanced trainers can be structured .

It is not Naipaul 's ; it does not constitute the author 's testament or confession on the subject of race relations and the rest of it .
it is not naipaul 's ; it does not [form] the author 's testament or confession on the subject of race relations and the rest of it .

Hence , while both product stability and product-container compatibility together constitute the total overall stability of the product to be marketed , they are also quite distinct and separate concepts .
hence , while both product stability and product-container compatibility together [form] the total overall stability of the product to be marketed , they are also quite distinct and separate concepts .

The ‘ headlands ’ , where the horses or tractors turn at either end of the ridges , constitute too large a proportion of a smallholder 's roots field to be allowed to lie fallow , but they can not be cultivated and sown until the inter-row hoeing is completed .
the ‘ headlands ’ , where the horses or tractors turn at either end of the ridges , [form] too large a proportion of a smallholder 's roots field to be allowed to lie fallow , but they can not be cultivated and sown until the inter-row hoeing is completed .

Many , if not most , of the distinctive phenomena that constitute ‘ the nineteenth century ’ are directly due to railway speed ; that is , we can scarcely imagine the possibility of their development in the absence of railways .
many , if not most , of the distinctive phenomena that [form] ‘ the nineteenth century ’ are directly due to railway speed ; that is , we can scarcely imagine the possibility of their development in the absence of railways .

It is impossible to regard the vast buildings and their dependencies which constitute a chief terminal station of a great line of railway without feelings of inexpressible astonishment at the magnitude of the capital and the boldness of the enterprise which are manifested in the operations of which they are the stage .
it is impossible to regard the vast buildings and their dependencies which [form] a chief terminal station of a great line of railway without feelings of inexpressible astonishment at the magnitude of the capital and the boldness of the enterprise which are manifested in the operations of which they are the stage .

The verbal aspect , ‘ resides in the concrete sentences which constitute the text .
the verbal aspect , ‘ resides in the concrete sentences which [form] the text .

Generic playfulness in television is as likely to fall within the characteristically modernist desire for a modernization of expression as it is to constitute a postmodern avant garde , and the two should not be confused .
generic playfulness in television is as likely to fall within the characteristically modernist desire for a modernization of expression as it is to [form] a postmodern avant garde , and the two should not be confused .

Serious Faults Straw-coloured , excessive , insufficient or sooty markings ; rust marking other than described above ; white marking any place on dog ( a few rust or white hairs do not constitute a marking ) .
serious faults straw-coloured , excessive , insufficient or sooty markings ; rust marking other than described above ; white marking any place on dog ( a few rust or white hairs do not [form] a marking ) .

‘ The figures do n't constitute more than about six months of real and viable fishing for our fleet , ’ he said .
‘ the figures do n't [form] more than about six months of real and viable fishing for our fleet , ’ he said .

What kind of people constitute the management of Spiralynx ?
what kind of people [form] the management of spiralynx ?

Family was Jim and the others ; family was her women 's group and squabbling at two-thirty in the morning about whether women could be said to constitute a separate class because they had a separate relation to the mode of production , while still making each other coffee and giving each other hugs .
family was jim and the others ; family was her women 's group and squabbling at two-thirty in the morning about whether women could be said to [form] a separate class because they had a separate relation to the mode of production , while still making each other coffee and giving each other hugs .

Of the many interweaving strands within this extensive topic he concentrates primarily on the way artists have deployed scientific ideas and instruments — these connections constitute ‘ the science of art ’ of his title — — while he also encompasses a number of related themes .
of the many interweaving strands within this extensive topic he concentrates primarily on the way artists have deployed scientific ideas and instruments — these connections [form] ‘ the science of art ’ of his title — — while he also encompasses a number of related themes .

The refusal is as understandable as it is naive , but seems to constitute at the same time what amounts to an abnegation of intellectual curiosity about human needs .
the refusal is as understandable as it is naive , but seems to [form] at the same time what amounts to an abnegation of intellectual curiosity about human needs .

constitute the spinal column of the forces of development in the countryside … in the collective life the immense creative initiative of the people will be liberated .
[form] the spinal column of the forces of development in the countryside … in the collective life the immense creative initiative of the people will be liberated .

It is doubtful , however , whether the changes implemented to date constitute an adequate boost towards achieving a continuous increase in marketed surpluses .
it is doubtful , however , whether the changes implemented to date [form] an adequate boost towards achieving a continuous increase in marketed surpluses .

The influence of the semiotic model within psychoanalysis is important but , as we shall see , it is often incorporated into sexual difference theory in a form which manages to exclude what the model is especially sensitive to , namely the way oppositions which constitute meaning are fundamentally binary , yet can not ultimately be contained in and by binary closure even as , in practice , the binary remains a fundamental principle of social and psychic ordering .
the influence of the semiotic model within psychoanalysis is important but , as we shall see , it is often incorporated into sexual difference theory in a form which manages to exclude what the model is especially sensitive to , namely the way oppositions which [form] meaning are fundamentally binary , yet can not ultimately be contained in and by binary closure even as , in practice , the binary remains a fundamental principle of social and psychic ordering .

And it those subcultures discredit any notion of an essential or unitary gay desire , they also constitute a crucial enabling condition of transgressive reinscription .
and it those subcultures discredit any notion of an essential or unitary gay desire , they also [form] a crucial enabling condition of transgressive reinscription .

More than that , they help constitute it .
more than that , they help [form] it .

It is not for long that death is less difficult , the histories of self and other lost , and consciousness unconflicted . As the distilled purity of pastoral and the fullness of desire give way to the absences which constitute them , so the journals move towards disenchantment , the acknowledgement of loss , and a sense of the futility of returning in order to recover an original intensity of being :
it is not for long that death is less difficult , the histories of self and other lost , and consciousness unconflicted . as the distilled purity of pastoral and the fullness of desire give way to the absences which [form] them , so the journals move towards disenchantment , the acknowledgement of loss , and a sense of the futility of returning in order to recover an original intensity of being :

It was an insult : they did n't need white nannies — did more than two black people in a room constitute a riot ?
it was an insult : they did n't need white nannies — did more than two black people in a room [form] a riot ?

The party has not decided what would constitute a legitimate trade dispute under the law and precisely what forms of secondary action would be sanctioned .
the party has not decided what would [form] a legitimate trade dispute under the law and precisely what forms of secondary action would be sanctioned .

Although they do constitute a basis for a future development policy it is only realistic to recognise that they are , in some respects at least , contradictory to the conceptual framework of present policies and planning approaches .
although they do [form] a basis for a future development policy it is only realistic to recognise that they are , in some respects at least , contradictory to the conceptual framework of present policies and planning approaches .

In all countries that we studied paraprofessionals constitute the bulk of the social welfare work-force .
in all countries that we studied paraprofessionals [form] the bulk of the social welfare work-force .

, 1973 ) which emphasized the damaging effects of ‘ drift ’ in care , they came to constitute a formidable ‘ Permanence Movement ’ , campaigning for early decision-making over whether a child entering care was to return to parents or be placed in permanent substitute care .
, 1973 ) which emphasized the damaging effects of ‘ drift ’ in care , they came to [form] a formidable ‘ permanence movement ’ , campaigning for early decision-making over whether a child entering care was to return to parents or be placed in permanent substitute care .

These texts constitute an invaluable resource , documenting particular experiences and interpretations of experiences and attitudes .
these texts [form] an invaluable resource , documenting particular experiences and interpretations of experiences and attitudes .

The attacks did not constitute the first manifestations of organised racist aggression but the events were used as supporting evidence for the claims of the anti-immigration lobby .
the attacks did not [form] the first manifestations of organised racist aggression but the events were used as supporting evidence for the claims of the anti-immigration lobby .

It will therefore be seen that many of the issues involved here are similar to those raised by the law of involuntary manslaughter , save for the fact that driving offences constitute deviations from a code of conduct on which all persons are tested before they are granted driving-licences .
it will therefore be seen that many of the issues involved here are similar to those raised by the law of involuntary manslaughter , save for the fact that driving offences [form] deviations from a code of conduct on which all persons are tested before they are granted driving-licences .

Indeed , it seems that the merest touching of another may constitute a battery , and this prompts the question of whether the criminal law ought to extend to such trivial incidents .
indeed , it seems that the merest touching of another may [form] a battery , and this prompts the question of whether the criminal law ought to extend to such trivial incidents .

We shall see below that consent may constitute the difference between the sexual expression of shared love between two people and the serious offence of rape .
we shall see below that consent may [form] the difference between the sexual expression of shared love between two people and the serious offence of rape .

But if the results constitute actual bodily harm — which extends to ‘ any hurt or injury calculated to interfere with the health or comfort of the victim ’ — consent can not be a defence .
but if the results [form] actual bodily harm — which extends to ‘ any hurt or injury calculated to interfere with the health or comfort of the victim ’ — consent can not be a defence .

Another justification for having separate ‘ public order ’ offences is that group activities of this kind may , over and above the features discussed above , constitute a special threat to law enforcement and the political system .
another justification for having separate ‘ public order ’ offences is that group activities of this kind may , over and above the features discussed above , [form] a special threat to law enforcement and the political system .

There can therefore be little doubt that , in general , sexual assaults constitute a substantially more serious form of harm than mere property offences — which is not to deny that some forms of theft or destruction of property can be more serious than some minor sexual assaults .
there can therefore be little doubt that , in general , sexual assaults [form] a substantially more serious form of harm than mere property offences — which is not to deny that some forms of theft or destruction of property can be more serious than some minor sexual assaults .

The Law Commission has now proposed the abolition of the marital-rape exemption , bringing English law into accord with the many other jurisdictions where it does constitute rape for a husband to have non-consensual sexual intercourse with his wife .
the law commission has now proposed the abolition of the marital-rape exemption , bringing english law into accord with the many other jurisdictions where it does [form] rape for a husband to have non-consensual sexual intercourse with his wife .

In short , Mansel was leading the argument back from the generalities of science to the particularities of individual destiny , which constitute the essence of religion .
in short , mansel was leading the argument back from the generalities of science to the particularities of individual destiny , which [form] the essence of religion .

So too with the two ingredients which constitute our life principle , the rational and the irrational ; the rational which belongs to mind and reason is of the masculine gender , the irrational , the province of sense , is of the feminine .
so too with the two ingredients which [form] our life principle , the rational and the irrational ; the rational which belongs to mind and reason is of the masculine gender , the irrational , the province of sense , is of the feminine .

If , after cleaning , the level of micro-organisms remaining is so high that there is a potential danger of food contamination which may constitute a risk to health or cause accelerated spoilage , disinfection is needed . The number of surfaces where the test applies is extremely limited and includes :
if , after cleaning , the level of micro-organisms remaining is so high that there is a potential danger of food contamination which may [form] a risk to health or cause accelerated spoilage , disinfection is needed . the number of surfaces where the test applies is extremely limited and includes :

As regards the physical limitations in food supplies , there seems to be general scientific agreement that this does not constitute the real constraint … the vague counter argument that more intensive cultivation will ruin the soil is hardly convincing in view of the fact that soil has been farmed with increasing intensity in Western Europe for about 2000 years and there is still no sign that it is exhausted .
as regards the physical limitations in food supplies , there seems to be general scientific agreement that this does not [form] the real constraint … the vague counter argument that more intensive cultivation will ruin the soil is hardly convincing in view of the fact that soil has been farmed with increasing intensity in western europe for about 2000 years and there is still no sign that it is exhausted .

In a series of overtly periodizing comments by these novelists , Flaubert 's oeuvre is deemed to constitute a ‘ turning-point ’ in French literary history .
in a series of overtly periodizing comments by these novelists , flaubert 's oeuvre is deemed to [form] a ‘ turning-point ’ in french literary history .

We can do no more for the time being , then , than acknowledge that a refined version of associative theory might be capable of dealing with features of latent inhibition that constitute problems for a theory which relies solely on the context — stimulus association for its explanation .
we can do no more for the time being , then , than acknowledge that a refined version of associative theory might be capable of dealing with features of latent inhibition that [form] problems for a theory which relies solely on the context — stimulus association for its explanation .

Although unfortunate for the view that latent inhibition can be equated with conditioned inhibition , these results do not in fact constitute a death blow .
although unfortunate for the view that latent inhibition can be equated with conditioned inhibition , these results do not in fact [form] a death blow .

In other words , the context-specificity of latent inhibition might constitute evidence in favour of the retrieval theories of the phenomenon discussed in the preceding section of this chapter .
in other words , the context-specificity of latent inhibition might [form] evidence in favour of the retrieval theories of the phenomenon discussed in the preceding section of this chapter .

Between sharply-recounted anecdotes , high-grade gossip and a heavy load of obituaries , Boorman fulminates against Hollywood 's baleful influence on creative film-making and the ‘ callously manipulative ’ movies that constitute the bulk of studio output .
between sharply-recounted anecdotes , high-grade gossip and a heavy load of obituaries , boorman fulminates against hollywood 's baleful influence on creative film-making and the ‘ callously manipulative ’ movies that [form] the bulk of studio output .

Should they report their suspicions , or does that constitute an invasion of privacy ?
should they report their suspicions , or does that [form] an invasion of privacy ?

Those of us who helped constitute the large House of Commons majority in favour of the principle of joining the community did so with our eyes open .
those of us who helped [form] the large house of commons majority in favour of the principle of joining the community did so with our eyes open .

One might not expect sawing a Renault 5 in half to constitute part of an electronics research project , but that 's what they call it at sub-basement level , below the Strand .
one might not expect sawing a renault 5 in half to [form] part of an electronics research project , but that 's what they call it at sub-basement level , below the strand .

Those who feel hostile to much recent literary theory but are unwilling or unable to formulate their objections often lazily dismiss it as merely another Parisian fashion , citing the rapid displacement or structuralism by poststructuralism as evidence that the writings or Barthes , Derrida , Lacan and their American epigones constitute a craze rather than a serious intellectual movement .
those who feel hostile to much recent literary theory but are unwilling or unable to formulate their objections often lazily dismiss it as merely another parisian fashion , citing the rapid displacement or structuralism by poststructuralism as evidence that the writings or barthes , derrida , lacan and their american epigones [form] a craze rather than a serious intellectual movement .

There may be some justification for the ( insular ) suspicion that when the Emperor is restocking his wardrobe he usually shops in Paris ; but the rashionability or ideas does not or itself constitute an honest argument against them ; indeed , to offer this as one 's main response is to betray intellectual bankruptcy .
there may be some justification for the ( insular ) suspicion that when the emperor is restocking his wardrobe he usually shops in paris ; but the rashionability or ideas does not or itself [form] an honest argument against them ; indeed , to offer this as one 's main response is to betray intellectual bankruptcy .

While the entire network of popular committees , local institutions and the general public constitute the field commanders in the battle of civilian disobedience and of constructing a political infrastructure , a rotating Unified National Command acts in the role of field-general , issuing a bi-monthly directive outlining policy and determining specific resistance programmes .
while the entire network of popular committees , local institutions and the general public [form] the field commanders in the battle of civilian disobedience and of constructing a political infrastructure , a rotating unified national command acts in the role of field-general , issuing a bi-monthly directive outlining policy and determining specific resistance programmes .

Privacy : an individual who believes a publication due to appear may constitute unwarranted invasion of privacy should be free to ask for the council 's help .
privacy : an individual who believes a publication due to appear may [form] unwarranted invasion of privacy should be free to ask for the council 's help .

He is the enabler who lures the network of events and relationships , which constitute the Universe , to fulfil its potentialities .
he is the enabler who lures the network of events and relationships , which [form] the universe , to fulfil its potentialities .

Successive governments continue to describe the disabled and handicapped as if they constitute an entity .
successive governments continue to describe the disabled and handicapped as if they [form] an entity .

Cases have established that the power of expulsion must be exercised ‘ reasonably ’ and that wrongful that is , unjust ) expulsion does not in itself constitute an actionable tort .
cases have established that the power of expulsion must be exercised ‘ reasonably ’ and that wrongful that is , unjust ) expulsion does not in itself [form] an actionable tort .

’ When the Dada brochure , Cabaret Voltaire , was published in June 1916 it was ‘ a catch-all for the most diverse directions in art which at that time seemed to us to constitute ‘ Dada ’ .
’ when the dada brochure , cabaret voltaire , was published in june 1916 it was ‘ a catch-all for the most diverse directions in art which at that time seemed to us to [form] ‘ dada ’ .

She was of medium height and slim build ; she was dressed in a dark frock , though it would hardly constitute deep mourning .
she was of medium height and slim build ; she was dressed in a dark frock , though it would hardly [form] deep mourning .

The previous chapter suggested that the Hispanic heritage was the major element contributing to the cultural formation of Latin America and , since values constitute a vital component of culture , the Hispanic influence has been considerable in shaping norms .
the previous chapter suggested that the hispanic heritage was the major element contributing to the cultural formation of latin america and , since values [form] a vital component of culture , the hispanic influence has been considerable in shaping norms .

This suggests that either educational reform has just not gone far enough or that , although improved educational standards constitute an important development goal , they can only be effective when accompanied by structural changes in the rest of society .
this suggests that either educational reform has just not gone far enough or that , although improved educational standards [form] an important development goal , they can only be effective when accompanied by structural changes in the rest of society .

But in Central America and the Andean countries , they constitute one of the major groups in society .
but in central america and the andean countries , they [form] one of the major groups in society .

In this case , they would constitute a pool of labour which can be utilised in boom periods and disregarded in recessions .
in this case , they would [form] a pool of labour which can be utilised in boom periods and disregarded in recessions .

This sector also includes outworkers for manufacturing and repair operations , who sub-contract work to do in their own homes or small workshops such as shoe manufacturers ( Peattie 1982 ) ; beggars who are often more organised than they appear ( Ruiz-Perez 1979 ) ; prostitutes ; garbage pickers who can sell various types of waste paper , refuse and bottles ; the living-in domestic servants paid low wages and provided with board and lodging who , according to Lloyd , constitute a category which is included within the informal sector by default ( Lloyd 1982 ) , and others who work on some sort of irregular basis .
this sector also includes outworkers for manufacturing and repair operations , who sub-contract work to do in their own homes or small workshops such as shoe manufacturers ( peattie 1982 ) ; beggars who are often more organised than they appear ( ruiz-perez 1979 ) ; prostitutes ; garbage pickers who can sell various types of waste paper , refuse and bottles ; the living-in domestic servants paid low wages and provided with board and lodging who , according to lloyd , [form] a category which is included within the informal sector by default ( lloyd 1982 ) , and others who work on some sort of irregular basis .

Portes using statistics for 1972 , has assessed the proportion of the Latin American economically active population that constitute the formal proletariat as being 22.4 per cent ( see Table 7.2 ) .
portes using statistics for 1972 , has assessed the proportion of the latin american economically active population that [form] the formal proletariat as being 22.4 per cent ( see table 7.2 ) .

In 1835 , for example , just five years after Roberts had sketched the recumbent city of Jerusalem , we find the French writer Alphonse de Lamartine returning from a visit there to recommend to his readers in Voyage to the Orient that since Palestine did not really constitute a country , it presented remarkable opportunities for imperial or colonial projects .
in 1835 , for example , just five years after roberts had sketched the recumbent city of jerusalem , we find the french writer alphonse de lamartine returning from a visit there to recommend to his readers in voyage to the orient that since palestine did not really [form] a country , it presented remarkable opportunities for imperial or colonial projects .

Acts undertaken for another purpose and not in order to consent can constitute consent if undertaken in the belief that they will confer a right or impose a duty and if the fact that they are undertaken with such a belief is the reason for them having this result .
acts undertaken for another purpose and not in order to consent can [form] consent if undertaken in the belief that they will confer a right or impose a duty and if the fact that they are undertaken with such a belief is the reason for them having this result .

Those that inherit the new State and come to constitute its new ruling order are some .
those that inherit the new state and come to [form] its new ruling order are some .

The French revolution and the Napoleonic armies helped to spread the concepts and values required to constitute a Polish nationalism among a section of the Polish nobility in exile .
the french revolution and the napoleonic armies helped to spread the concepts and values required to [form] a polish nationalism among a section of the polish nobility in exile .

the phrases concerning self-determination and the entire nationalist movement , which at present constitute the greatest danger for international socialism , have experienced an extraordinary strengthening from the Russian revolution .
the phrases concerning self-determination and the entire nationalist movement , which at present [form] the greatest danger for international socialism , have experienced an extraordinary strengthening from the russian revolution .

No people can live by promises alone … preliminary work must be started for the reorganisation of the State on principles providing the highest guarantee of freedom and national self-determination in a democratic Russian Republic , based on the federal principle of a friendly family of Russian peoples where autonomous regions — Estonia among them — would constitute equal members .
no people can live by promises alone … preliminary work must be started for the reorganisation of the state on principles providing the highest guarantee of freedom and national self-determination in a democratic russian republic , based on the federal principle of a friendly family of russian peoples where autonomous regions — estonia among them — would [form] equal members .

In the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on Article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the Klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the German Federal Republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .
in the meantime the only guidance as to what would [form] an acceptable limit on article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the german federal republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .

From the early days of the strike there were allegations and counter-allegations concerning freedom of assembly , procession , and protest , which caused the National Council of Civil Liberties to constitute an independent inquiry . Their terms of reference were —
from the early days of the strike there were allegations and counter-allegations concerning freedom of assembly , procession , and protest , which caused the national council of civil liberties to [form] an independent inquiry . their terms of reference were —

Plastics constitute 20 per cent by volume of domestic waste in Britain .
plastics [form] 20 per cent by volume of domestic waste in britain .

Since sperm only constitute a tiny proportion of the seminal fluid this is not even noticeable .
since sperm only [form] a tiny proportion of the seminal fluid this is not even noticeable .

These qualification courses form a greater proportion of the total training carried out by the libraries who listed only a few programmes for 1984/5 ( see Table 9 ) , in general tending to constitute the main type of development training for non-professionals , especially in smaller libraries .
these qualification courses form a greater proportion of the total training carried out by the libraries who listed only a few programmes for 1984/5 ( see table 9 ) , in general tending to [form] the main type of development training for non-professionals , especially in smaller libraries .

Library co-operatives , apart from being producers/suppliers of courses , could also constitute a significant market for courses and be in a position to request economically viable , tailor-made ‘ external ’ courses .
library co-operatives , apart from being producers/suppliers of courses , could also [form] a significant market for courses and be in a position to request economically viable , tailor-made ‘ external ’ courses .

Training officers constitute a significant and arguably essential resource if systematic , evaluated training is to be carried out .
training officers [form] a significant and arguably essential resource if systematic , evaluated training is to be carried out .

It may also constitute the most effective way of utilizing scarce resources for many such libraries .
it may also [form] the most effective way of utilizing scarce resources for many such libraries .

Regular pre-baiting is needed to teach the bream that there is a tasty alternative to bloodworms , daphnia , crustacea , edible plant life , and other items that constitute natural aquatic food .
regular pre-baiting is needed to teach the bream that there is a tasty alternative to bloodworms , daphnia , crustacea , edible plant life , and other items that [form] natural aquatic food .

the brief descriptions of books on the insides of dust covers — may sometimes be used as selection information by librarians , and are certainly a very important factor for readers selecting from library shelves , though they constitute at best a dubious selection instrument for librarians and readers alike .
the brief descriptions of books on the insides of dust covers — may sometimes be used as selection information by librarians , and are certainly a very important factor for readers selecting from library shelves , though they [form] at best a dubious selection instrument for librarians and readers alike .

Returning to McClellan , he also touches on the problem of titles which are so popular that they are constantly in circulation and therefore rarely available on the shelves to constitute part of the choice available to readers .
returning to mcclellan , he also touches on the problem of titles which are so popular that they are constantly in circulation and therefore rarely available on the shelves to [form] part of the choice available to readers .

Regulations such as conservation constraints can also constitute a specific handicap as can urban fringe problems but the presence of ‘ poor land ’ is a basic qualification .
regulations such as conservation constraints can also [form] a specific handicap as can urban fringe problems but the presence of ‘ poor land ’ is a basic qualification .

The 1988 changes to social security regulations have been considered by some to constitute the biggest overhaul in welfare benefits since their introduction by Beveridge in 1948 .
the 1988 changes to social security regulations have been considered by some to [form] the biggest overhaul in welfare benefits since their introduction by beveridge in 1948 .

Scheherezade begins the long series of tales that constitute The Arabian Nights , so successfully stimulating the King 's curiosity to hear more that he constantly defers the order for her execution .
scheherezade begins the long series of tales that [form] the arabian nights , so successfully stimulating the king 's curiosity to hear more that he constantly defers the order for her execution .

The theory , articulated formally by Malinowski ( 1954 ) , states that these practices constitute a form of magical insurance policy against normal catastrophic events , such as accidents , sickness , hunting failure or famine .
the theory , articulated formally by malinowski ( 1954 ) , states that these practices [form] a form of magical insurance policy against normal catastrophic events , such as accidents , sickness , hunting failure or famine .

some words or acts are ambiguous and may or may not constitute a dismissal or resignation . Here the question is subjective : did the person hearing the words in fact interpret them as a dismissal or a resignation ? If so , there is a dismissal or resignation ;
some words or acts are ambiguous and may or may not [form] a dismissal or resignation . here the question is subjective : did the person hearing the words in fact interpret them as a dismissal or a resignation ? if so , there is a dismissal or resignation ;

How specific or broad a range of wastes constitute a waste type is debatable .
how specific or broad a range of wastes [form] a waste type is debatable .

By turnover , the speciality chemicals constitute the largest part ( $ 1215m out of the $ 1906m in 1991 ) but the airbags are now a significant contributor , up from under $ 8m sales in 1987 to $ 225m last year .
by turnover , the speciality chemicals [form] the largest part ( $ 1215m out of the $ 1906m in 1991 ) but the airbags are now a significant contributor , up from under $ 8m sales in 1987 to $ 225m last year .

Such organic-rich shales are likely to constitute a much more widespread potential source for hydrocarbons — probably mainly for gas and condensate — than the coals of the deltas which are restricted to the northern part of the region , although the possibility that isolated intermontane coal basins may have developed further south in the later Carboniferous can not be excluded .
such organic-rich shales are likely to [form] a much more widespread potential source for hydrocarbons — probably mainly for gas and condensate — than the coals of the deltas which are restricted to the northern part of the region , although the possibility that isolated intermontane coal basins may have developed further south in the later carboniferous can not be excluded .

The Upper Carboniferous , Namurian ( Millstone Grit ) and Westphalian ( Coal Measures ) , constitute the thermal sag phase of basin evolution , ( Fig .
the upper carboniferous , namurian ( millstone grit ) and westphalian ( coal measures ) , [form] the thermal sag phase of basin evolution , ( fig .

Measurements of porosity , permeability , density , formation factor , cementation exponent and resistivity index under ‘ room conditions ’ constitute the largest part of the data .
measurements of porosity , permeability , density , formation factor , cementation exponent and resistivity index under ‘ room conditions ’ [form] the largest part of the data .

He notes that the wordings he cites also ( et ) constitute trusts .
he notes that the wordings he cites also ( et ) [form] trusts .

There are cases , however , in which the trustee is not addressed with a request , or in which no words purporting to constitute a trust are used at all .
there are cases , however , in which the trustee is not addressed with a request , or in which no words purporting to [form] a trust are used at all .

The small mammals constitute a particular part of the fossil record , usually identified as a group consisting of mammals less than 5 kg in weight .
the small mammals [form] a particular part of the fossil record , usually identified as a group consisting of mammals less than 5 kg in weight .

These five species constitute what may be called the typical owl pattern , and even though it encompasses a fair degree of variability it is consistent enough for departures from it to be instantly recognizable .
these five species [form] what may be called the typical owl pattern , and even though it encompasses a fair degree of variability it is consistent enough for departures from it to be instantly recognizable .

These constitute the main aspects of Hatha Yoga .
these [form] the main aspects of hatha yoga .

Said Lord Templeton , and ‘ Prosecution , defence and magistracy must be able to determine whether an offence has been committed without recourse to vague or disputed recollections … which might or might not constitute consent , binding on the local authority ’ .
said lord templeton , and ‘ prosecution , defence and magistracy must be able to determine whether an offence has been committed without recourse to vague or disputed recollections … which might or might not [form] consent , binding on the local authority ’ .

It has been suggested that bonfires , which not only cause objectionable odours and smoke , but also release polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons into the atmosphere which in sufficient concentrations could constitute a health hazard , ought not to be permitted between certain set hours .
it has been suggested that bonfires , which not only cause objectionable odours and smoke , but also release polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons into the atmosphere which in sufficient concentrations could [form] a health hazard , ought not to be permitted between certain set hours .

Some firms , or companies , may recruit workers locally , and sell their products locally — but this does not constitute a ‘ local economy ’ .
some firms , or companies , may recruit workers locally , and sell their products locally — but this does not [form] a ‘ local economy ’ .

If they are , does this constitute discrimination and what should the school do about it ?
if they are , does this [form] discrimination and what should the school do about it ?

National rules requiring such an establishment may well constitute improper restrictions on the freedom to provide services .
national rules requiring such an establishment may well [form] improper restrictions on the freedom to provide services .

The extension of the Fourth Company Law Directive , by 1 January 1993 , to partnerships which constitute a common means of business organisation in Germany , for example , will further ease the situation .
the extension of the fourth company law directive , by 1 january 1993 , to partnerships which [form] a common means of business organisation in germany , for example , will further ease the situation .

For example , shareholdings divided in the proportion of 66 % and 34 % were found to constitute joint control , as a 34 % shareholding represented a minority blocking vote and so important decisions had to be taken with the consent of this minority shareholder .
for example , shareholdings divided in the proportion of 66 % and 34 % were found to [form] joint control , as a 34 % shareholding represented a minority blocking vote and so important decisions had to be taken with the consent of this minority shareholder .

Subject to the Commission 's exclusive competence to grant exemptions under Article 85 ( 3 ) , both the Commission and national courts will have full powers to apply Article 85 under the Philip Morris doctrine to any acquisition of an interest in a competitor , whatever the combined turnover of the companies involved , which does not constitute a ‘ concentration ’ as defined in the Merger Regulation .
subject to the commission 's exclusive competence to grant exemptions under article 85 ( 3 ) , both the commission and national courts will have full powers to apply article 85 under the philip morris doctrine to any acquisition of an interest in a competitor , whatever the combined turnover of the companies involved , which does not [form] a ‘ concentration ’ as defined in the merger regulation .

The Commission will have limited powers , although it lacks the full enforcement machinery , to apply Articles 85 and 86 to any merger which does constitute a concentration within the Merger Regulation , but does not meet the turnover thresholds .
the commission will have limited powers , although it lacks the full enforcement machinery , to apply articles 85 and 86 to any merger which does [form] a concentration within the merger regulation , but does not meet the turnover thresholds .

The Scottish new towns constitute a microcosm of what is happening over the whole of Britain .
the scottish new towns [form] a microcosm of what is happening over the whole of britain .

When something hot touches diamond , the atomic vibrations that constitute the passage of heat pass through the crystal undisturbed by local vibrations due to the crystal 's own finite temperature .
when something hot touches diamond , the atomic vibrations that [form] the passage of heat pass through the crystal undisturbed by local vibrations due to the crystal 's own finite temperature .

Valerie Yule ( ’ Shorter words mean faster reading ’ New Scientist , 9 December , 1982 , p 656 ) argues that the anomalies of English spelling constitute a serious hindrance to the smooth progress of information technology .
valerie yule ( ’ shorter words mean faster reading ’ new scientist , 9 december , 1982 , p 656 ) argues that the anomalies of english spelling [form] a serious hindrance to the smooth progress of information technology .

In short it imposes a uniform structure on the universities ( Wissenschaftliche Hochschulen and Kunsthochschulen ) and polytechnics ( Fachhochschulen ) which together with some extras such as teacher and theological training constitute Germany 's current provision for higher education .
in short it imposes a uniform structure on the universities ( wissenschaftliche hochschulen and kunsthochschulen ) and polytechnics ( fachhochschulen ) which together with some extras such as teacher and theological training [form] germany 's current provision for higher education .

Minute as these quantities are , they constitute tangible evidence of the types of organic materials that existed in the Solar System more than 1000 million years before the appearance of life on Earth , the earliest traces of which are found in rocks about 3.4 x 109 years old .
minute as these quantities are , they [form] tangible evidence of the types of organic materials that existed in the solar system more than 1000 million years before the appearance of life on earth , the earliest traces of which are found in rocks about 3.4 x 109 years old .

They are present in most of the major faunas known from the Middle and Upper Triassic , in land area that now constitute Tanzania , Brazil , Argentina , North America , Britain and Germany ; and whenever they were present they were the most abundant type of land animal .
they are present in most of the major faunas known from the middle and upper triassic , in land area that now [form] tanzania , brazil , argentina , north america , britain and germany ; and whenever they were present they were the most abundant type of land animal .

He does not think they constitute scientific claims .
he does not think they [form] scientific claims .

Long individual lifespan , a low rate of seed production and large seeds constitute , indeed , the classic ‘ strategy ’ of tree species in stable forest environments .
long individual lifespan , a low rate of seed production and large seeds [form] , indeed , the classic ‘ strategy ’ of tree species in stable forest environments .

One could argue that such complaints constitute some kind of rationale for a general feeling that there are too many incomers in the area .
one could argue that such complaints [form] some kind of rationale for a general feeling that there are too many incomers in the area .

On the other hand , the act of changing rather than continuing the use can of itself constitute ‘ development ’ ; this can be a very important consideration .
on the other hand , the act of changing rather than continuing the use can of itself [form] ‘ development ’ ; this can be a very important consideration .

But what is the process of collapse ? What is the mechanism that brings capitalism crashing down ? Obviously , war is seen as an engine of destruction , not merely in the physical sense , but also in the sense of the destruction of all those social bonds that constitute the equilibrium of capitalism as a social entity .
but what is the process of collapse ? what is the mechanism that brings capitalism crashing down ? obviously , war is seen as an engine of destruction , not merely in the physical sense , but also in the sense of the destruction of all those social bonds that [form] the equilibrium of capitalism as a social entity .

Does this difference constitute a part of the variable capital or should it be considered as being part of the social surplus-value ?
does this difference [form] a part of the variable capital or should it be considered as being part of the social surplus-value ?

The appeal suggests that activities taking place there do not constitute a breach of planning permission but that , if it is considered that they do , permission ought to be granted .
the appeal suggests that activities taking place there do not [form] a breach of planning permission but that , if it is considered that they do , permission ought to be granted .

Our sensory impressions of the reality of mud and ocean constitute the whole of that reality .
our sensory impressions of the reality of mud and ocean [form] the whole of that reality .

These are the subtle mind currents which emanate from all living creatures and constitute a part of their aura .
these are the subtle mind currents which emanate from all living creatures and [form] a part of their aura .

Those first four Sonatas date from 1923–31 , and therefore constitute ‘ early ’ Eckhardt-Gramatté .
those first four sonatas date from 1923–31 , and therefore [form] ‘ early ’ eckhardt-gramatté .

In the first year students take three units on the theory and practice of modern theatre ( these units in effect constitute one production unit ) supported by two other units on the tradition of the Illusory and the Non-Illusory Theatre .
in the first year students take three units on the theory and practice of modern theatre ( these units in effect [form] one production unit ) supported by two other units on the tradition of the illusory and the non-illusory theatre .

Individuals who repeatedly take overdoses or injure themselves constitute a group for which there is a considerable dearth of information , both of the causes of this behaviour and means of providing effective help .
individuals who repeatedly take overdoses or injure themselves [form] a group for which there is a considerable dearth of information , both of the causes of this behaviour and means of providing effective help .

When Mrs Jones says : ‘ My Johnny is really a good boy but got to running around with the wrong bunch and got into trouble ’ , she is making a set of assumptions which , when spelled out more explicitly , constitute the foundations of an important school of thought in the scientific study of juvenile delinquency .
when mrs jones says : ‘ my johnny is really a good boy but got to running around with the wrong bunch and got into trouble ’ , she is making a set of assumptions which , when spelled out more explicitly , [form] the foundations of an important school of thought in the scientific study of juvenile delinquency .

To this extent , in establishing the service , certain governmental and educational authorities were signalling with all the pomp and circumstance of legislation that youth did constitute a separate and , in important respects , an immature source of labour which required special treatment .
to this extent , in establishing the service , certain governmental and educational authorities were signalling with all the pomp and circumstance of legislation that youth did [form] a separate and , in important respects , an immature source of labour which required special treatment .

In most countries bank deposits transferred by means of cheques are freely accepted in the discharge of debts and as such constitute as much a part of a country 's money supply as its bank notes .
in most countries bank deposits transferred by means of cheques are freely accepted in the discharge of debts and as such [form] as much a part of a country 's money supply as its bank notes .

Note , that over 70 per cent of Albion Bank 's other currency assets take this form and constitute part of the euro-currency market .
note , that over 70 per cent of albion bank 's other currency assets take this form and [form] part of the euro-currency market .

Given the nature of the corporation — it was formed in 1967 — its major collections are devoted to the history of the many companies from all the great steel-producing centres , which constitute the corporate body .
given the nature of the corporation — it was formed in 1967 — its major collections are devoted to the history of the many companies from all the great steel-producing centres , which [form] the corporate body .

It must be designed to constitute an essential component of those forces making for positive change in our country .
it must be designed to [form] an essential component of those forces making for positive change in our country .

There are times when it is judicious to turn the ‘ blind eye ’ to certain minor infringements ( for example , accidents , temporary lapses of memory , impulsive acts that constitute small misdemeanours ) .
there are times when it is judicious to turn the ‘ blind eye ’ to certain minor infringements ( for example , accidents , temporary lapses of memory , impulsive acts that [form] small misdemeanours ) .

Eventually some 8 × 106 ha will be planted to constitute the ‘ Green Great Wall ’ .
eventually some 8 × 106 ha will be planted to [form] the ‘ green great wall ’ .

Thus , attention will focus on the Himalayan region of Asia and the Andean region of Central and South America where development is occurring rapidly and which , because they constitute watershed areas , are affecting downstream areas .
thus , attention will focus on the himalayan region of asia and the andean region of central and south america where development is occurring rapidly and which , because they [form] watershed areas , are affecting downstream areas .

In Nepal , for example , receipts from tourism constitute some 46.4 per cent of export earnings and while there are adverse environmental effects of this development , as will be discussed below , tourism is an important source of employment , as it is in many developing countries .
in nepal , for example , receipts from tourism [form] some 46.4 per cent of export earnings and while there are adverse environmental effects of this development , as will be discussed below , tourism is an important source of employment , as it is in many developing countries .

Latin and Anglo-Saxon temperaments are at variance about what would constitute an acceptable noise level ; and young people do not seem to be so intolerant of noise as their elders .
latin and anglo-saxon temperaments are at variance about what would [form] an acceptable noise level ; and young people do not seem to be so intolerant of noise as their elders .

One of the most serious consequences of excessive noise exposure is partial deafness which may progress to a substantial hearing loss and constitute a severe social handicap .
one of the most serious consequences of excessive noise exposure is partial deafness which may progress to a substantial hearing loss and [form] a severe social handicap .

In each of these environments there are numerous ‘ factors ’ , many of which constitute a threat to the safety of individuals and numerous such hazards have been mentioned .
in each of these environments there are numerous ‘ factors ’ , many of which [form] a threat to the safety of individuals and numerous such hazards have been mentioned .

For instance , the current labor costs associated with assembly constitute 40 percent of the final cost of a car .
for instance , the current labor costs associated with assembly [form] 40 percent of the final cost of a car .

Basic and fashion-basic apparel categories now constitute the lion ’ s share of industry sales , accounting for approximately 72 percent of all shipments.32 This implies that a far larger portion of the industry may be viable in the long run than the part that could be saved by “ quick response ” at the fashion end.33 Bear in mind , however , that this viability depends on manufacturers using information to plan and execute production in a more sophisticated manner than usual for this and other industries .
basic and fashion-basic apparel categories now [form] the lion ’ s share of industry sales , accounting for approximately 72 percent of all shipments.32 this implies that a far larger portion of the industry may be viable in the long run than the part that could be saved by “ quick response ” at the fashion end.33 bear in mind , however , that this viability depends on manufacturers using information to plan and execute production in a more sophisticated manner than usual for this and other industries .

By 1980 , textile hourly earnings had risen to $ 5.07 compared with $ 4.56 in apparel ; in 1997 , textile workers earned an average of $ 10.02 an hour , 21.5 percent more than the $ 8.25 an hour of those in apparel.38 Currently only 48 percent of textile employees are women , while women constitute 77 percent of apparel workers .
by 1980 , textile hourly earnings had risen to $ 5.07 compared with $ 4.56 in apparel ; in 1997 , textile workers earned an average of $ 10.02 an hour , 21.5 percent more than the $ 8.25 an hour of those in apparel.38 currently only 48 percent of textile employees are women , while women [form] 77 percent of apparel workers .

Many yardas can aesthetically constitute yard art , even though it does not appear that this is the intent of the creator .
many yardas can aesthetically [form] yard art , even though it does not appear that this is the intent of the creator .

If Roosevelt did not intend to amend the Constitution with his court-packing plan , then the resulting changes in Supreme Court attitudes could not constitute a de facto amendment , a radical transformation of American law .
if roosevelt did not intend to amend the constitution with his court-packing plan , then the resulting changes in supreme court attitudes could not [form] a de facto amendment , a radical transformation of american law .

The faith in the American nation , along with the inalienable right to happiness , constitute affirmations of the American civic religion .
the faith in the american nation , along with the inalienable right to happiness , [form] affirmations of the american civic religion .

This discrimination in access to public transportation , inns , and theaters did not constitute an “ involuntary servitude , ” for , as the Court had the temerity to suggest , these interactions in public were in the realm of “ social rights of men and races in the community. ” 38 The purpose of the Thirteenth Amendment was merely “ to declare and vindicate those fundamental rights which appertain to the essence of citizenship. ” 39 Of course , this was obvious discrimination on the basis of race .
this discrimination in access to public transportation , inns , and theaters did not [form] an “ involuntary servitude , ” for , as the court had the temerity to suggest , these interactions in public were in the realm of “ social rights of men and races in the community. ” 38 the purpose of the thirteenth amendment was merely “ to declare and vindicate those fundamental rights which appertain to the essence of citizenship. ” 39 of course , this was obvious discrimination on the basis of race .

Their actions did not constitute legislation by any government or executive action by any official wearing a badge of state authority .
their actions did not [form] legislation by any government or executive action by any official wearing a badge of state authority .

The nation does not constitute itself by popular vote or by a decision of government .
the nation does not [form] itself by popular vote or by a decision of government .

Self-government requires that each nation should be able to constitute itself as a state .
self-government requires that each nation should be able to [form] itself as a state .

There may be debate about which groups of people constitute nations entitled to self-determination and representation in the international community , but the principle seems to be accepted by all .
there may be debate about which groups of people [form] nations entitled to self-determination and representation in the international community , but the principle seems to be accepted by all .

It is we humans who conceived and built the intricate assembly of chips and logic gates that constitute a computer , typically we humans who program it , and we humans who contrived the entire power grid that supplies the electric power to run the computer itself .
it is we humans who conceived and built the intricate assembly of chips and logic gates that [form] a computer , typically we humans who program it , and we humans who contrived the entire power grid that supplies the electric power to run the computer itself .

In turn , this led me to wonder about the relation between the emergence of constraints in the universe and in a biosphere , and the diversification of patterns of the constrained release of energy that alone constitute work and the use of that work to build still further constraints on the release of energy .
in turn , this led me to wonder about the relation between the emergence of constraints in the universe and in a biosphere , and the diversification of patterns of the constrained release of energy that alone [form] work and the use of that work to build still further constraints on the release of energy .

Still more surprising , a finite number of diVerent molecules , about a hundred million , can constitute a universal shape library .
still more surprising , a finite number of diverent molecules , about a hundred million , can [form] a universal shape library .

If one molecule binding to a second molecule can be thought of as carrying out a “ binding task , ” then about a hundred million diVerent molecules may constitute a universal toolbox for all molecular binding tasks .
if one molecule binding to a second molecule can be thought of as carrying out a “ binding task , ” then about a hundred million diverent molecules may [form] a universal toolbox for all molecular binding tasks .

Just as similar molecules can have similar shapes , so too can similar reactions have similar transition states , hence , such reactions constitute similar catalytic tasks .
just as similar molecules can have similar shapes , so too can similar reactions have similar transition states , hence , such reactions [form] similar catalytic tasks .

Just as diVerent molecules can have the same shape , so too can diVerent reactions have similar transition states , hence constitute the “ same ” catalytic task .
just as diverent molecules can have the same shape , so too can diverent reactions have similar transition states , hence [form] the “ same ” catalytic task .

Again , we can give several suYcient conditions , but apparently we can not finitely prespecify a set of necessary and suYcient conditions that would allow us to prespecify all the possible patterns of construction , constraint , and organization of physical processes and matter flows that would constitute an autonomous agent .
again , we can give several suycient conditions , but apparently we can not finitely prespecify a set of necessary and suycient conditions that would allow us to prespecify all the possible patterns of construction , constraint , and organization of physical processes and matter flows that would [form] an autonomous agent .

We may not be able to finitely prespecify all the possible systems that constitute an autonomous agent , but we can recognize one when we see it .
we may not be able to finitely prespecify all the possible systems that [form] an autonomous agent , but we can recognize one when we see it .

The number of orbits among configurations that constitute the power set of classes of the 100 spins is vastly larger than the number of static categories .
the number of orbits among configurations that [form] the power set of classes of the 100 spins is vastly larger than the number of static categories .

Rather obviously , the complements and substitutes of any good or service constitute the economic niche in which that good or service lives .
rather obviously , the complements and substitutes of any good or service [form] the economic niche in which that good or service lives .

Indeed , one of the interesting features of technology graphs is that they constitute the proper conceptual framework to consider process and product design simultaneously .
indeed , one of the interesting features of technology graphs is that they [form] the proper conceptual framework to consider process and product design simultaneously .

In short , the spreading purple avalanches constitute “ sensitivity to initial conditions. ” On the other hand , it is important to distinguish between low-dimensional chaos , characterized by three or four variables governed by three or four equations , and the high-dimensional chaos , shown in large-model genetic networks with tens of thousands of gene variables .
in short , the spreading purple avalanches [form] “ sensitivity to initial conditions. ” on the other hand , it is important to distinguish between low-dimensional chaos , characterized by three or four variables governed by three or four equations , and the high-dimensional chaos , shown in large-model genetic networks with tens of thousands of gene variables .

In such an expression the variables between brackets constitute a “ clause , ” so this logical expression has three clauses .
in such an expression the variables between brackets [form] a “ clause , ” so this logical expression has three clauses .

It is the constraints themselves with , as Phil Anderson points out , a kind of rigidity that largely constitute the organization of the process .
it is the constraints themselves with , as phil anderson points out , a kind of rigidity that largely [form] the organization of the process .

Autonomous agents themselves , self-reproducing systems carrying out one or more work cycles linking exergonic and endergonic processes in a cyclic fashion that propagate the union of catalysis , constraint construction , and process organization that constitute such autonomous agents are but the most miraculously diversifying examples of this universal process in our unfolding , ever-changing universe .
autonomous agents themselves , self-reproducing systems carrying out one or more work cycles linking exergonic and endergonic processes in a cyclic fashion that propagate the union of catalysis , constraint construction , and process organization that [form] such autonomous agents are but the most miraculously diversifying examples of this universal process in our unfolding , ever-changing universe .

It pays to measure the nonequilibrium system in the sense that those measurements specify the displacements from equilibrium that constitute energy sources that can be utilized to extract work .
it pays to measure the nonequilibrium system in the sense that those measurements specify the displacements from equilibrium that [form] energy sources that can be utilized to extract work .

The electric charge distribution on two complex organic molecules brought into proximity , coupled with the modes of translational , vibrational , and rotational motions , constitute the subtle means to measure displacements from equilibrium , couple to those displacements , and achieve linked catalyzed exergonic and endergonic reactions .
the electric charge distribution on two complex organic molecules brought into proximity , coupled with the modes of translational , vibrational , and rotational motions , [form] the subtle means to measure displacements from equilibrium , couple to those displacements , and achieve linked catalyzed exergonic and endergonic reactions .

An evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary conditions that constitute coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .
an evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary conditions that [form] coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .

Nonequilibrium processes and structures of increasing diversity and complexity arise that constitute sources of energy and that measure , detect , and capture those sources of energy , build new structures that constitute constraints on the release of energy , and hence drive nonspontaneous processes to create more such diversifying and novel processes , structures , and energy sources .
nonequilibrium processes and structures of increasing diversity and complexity arise that [form] sources of energy and that measure , detect , and capture those sources of energy , build new structures that [form] constraints on the release of energy , and hence drive nonspontaneous processes to create more such diversifying and novel processes , structures , and energy sources .

To think about work cycles , we have been driven to ask about Maxwell ’ s demon , measurement , when and why measurement pays , thence to what features of a nonequilibrium system are measured such that they constitute a source of energy , thence to how couplings arise that capture the energy source , thence to work and constraints , and now to propagating work due to the occurrence of linked sets of constraints and flows of matter and energy .
to think about work cycles , we have been driven to ask about maxwell ’ s demon , measurement , when and why measurement pays , thence to what features of a nonequilibrium system are measured such that they [form] a source of energy , thence to how couplings arise that capture the energy source , thence to work and constraints , and now to propagating work due to the occurrence of linked sets of constraints and flows of matter and energy .

The barrier heights , together with the even higher energy barriers that provide the walls of the reaction coordinates along which the reaction proceeds , constitute the constraints .
the barrier heights , together with the even higher energy barriers that provide the walls of the reaction coordinates along which the reaction proceeds , [form] the constraints .

This closure of tasks , measurements , records , and linkages that propagates macroscopic work seems to constitute at least an ostensive definition , a definition by example , of “ organization . ”
this closure of tasks , measurements , records , and linkages that propagates macroscopic work seems to [form] at least an ostensive definition , a definition by example , of “ organization . ”

I will suggest in a later chapter when we consider the evolution of novelties that there is no finite prespecification for the work tasks , measurements , records , and catalytic tasks that might constitute autonomous agents .
i will suggest in a later chapter when we consider the evolution of novelties that there is no finite prespecification for the work tasks , measurements , records , and catalytic tasks that might [form] autonomous agents .

Here , in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .
here , in investigations , i am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can [form] and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .

If true , this would not mean that there are five familiar features , three spatial and two others , that constitute the dimensions of shape space .
if true , this would not mean that there are five familiar features , three spatial and two others , that [form] the dimensions of shape space .

As in shape space , similar reactions constitute similar catalytic tasks .
as in shape space , similar reactions [form] similar catalytic tasks .

As in shape space , diVerent reactions can constitute essentially the same catalytic task .
as in shape space , diverent reactions can [form] essentially the same catalytic task .

A second feature to notice is that A and B as catalysts do not by themselves constitute the closure in question ; A and B might catalyze a variety of reactions .
a second feature to notice is that a and b as catalysts do not by themselves [form] the closure in question ; a and b might catalyze a variety of reactions .

In short , the closure of catalytic tasks requires specification of the catalytic tasks themselves plus the specific substrates whose products , here A and B , constitute the very catalysts that carry out the catalytic tasks in question .
in short , the closure of catalytic tasks requires specification of the catalytic tasks themselves plus the specific substrates whose products , here a and b , [form] the very catalysts that carry out the catalytic tasks in question .

From the point of view of the molecules involved , the specific catalytic tasks constitute the avenues of release of chemical energy by which the molecular system reproduces itself .
from the point of view of the molecules involved , the specific catalytic tasks [form] the avenues of release of chemical energy by which the molecular system reproduces itself .

The excess synthesis of DNA hexamer constitutes excess replication of the hexamer by virtue of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer synthesis to the PP  P + P cycle of reactions , which , as noted next , constitute a “ chemical engine . ”
the excess synthesis of dna hexamer constitutes excess replication of the hexamer by virtue of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer synthesis to the pp  p + p cycle of reactions , which , as noted next , [form] a “ chemical engine . ”

The very constraints on the release of energy that are essential to the doing of work themselves constitute the analogues of the gears , rods , connectors , and escapements of an ordinary machine .
the very constraints on the release of energy that are essential to the doing of work themselves [form] the analogues of the gears , rods , connectors , and escapements of an ordinary machine .

That we have seen an autonomous agent , I find myself wondering whether autonomous agents may constitute a proper definition of life itself .
that we have seen an autonomous agent , i find myself wondering whether autonomous agents may [form] a proper definition of life itself .

A biosphere is a self-consistent coevolutionary construction of autonomous agents making livings , the natural games that constitute those livings , and the search mechanisms that allow such modes of living to be persistently mastered by adaptive natural selection .
a biosphere is a self-consistent coevolutionary construction of autonomous agents making livings , the natural games that [form] those livings , and the search mechanisms that allow such modes of living to be persistently mastered by adaptive natural selection .

The minimal objects in a spin network are discrete combinatorial objects that constitute first a tetrahedron , with four vertices and four triangular faces .
the minimal objects in a spin network are discrete combinatorial objects that [form] first a tetrahedron , with four vertices and four triangular faces .

Then ( goes the hope shared with Smolin ) the neighboring spin networks in the gamma-N shell constitute nearly the same geometry and nearly the same action in the sum of histories reaching them , which begins to suggest that a smooth large-scale geometry might emerge .
then ( goes the hope shared with smolin ) the neighboring spin networks in the gamma-n shell [form] nearly the same geometry and nearly the same action in the sum of histories reaching them , which begins to suggest that a smooth large-scale geometry might emerge .

Each of these dierent ways of being on the tube or torus and the corresponding modes of vibration constitute dierent particles and forces .
each of these dierent ways of being on the tube or torus and the corresponding modes of vibration [form] dierent particles and forces .

The longest river in the world brings abundant water from the heart of Africa to irrigate a narrow verdant valley snaking its way through the hundreds of thousands of square kilometers of parched desert that constitute the modern state .
the longest river in the world brings abundant water from the heart of africa to irrigate a narrow verdant valley snaking its way through the hundreds of thousands of square kilometers of parched desert that [form] the modern state .

In 1529 work started on a tower and royal apartments for James and his wife , Mary of Guise , which now constitute the western section and tower of the current palace .
in 1529 work started on a tower and royal apartments for james and his wife , mary of guise , which now [form] the western section and tower of the current palace .

The visual and performing arts departments of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas also constitute a center of cultural activity .
the visual and performing arts departments of the university of nevada , las vegas also [form] a center of cultural activity .

Celebrating Trajan ’ s campaigns against the Dacians in what is now Romania , the minutely detailed friezes spiraling around the column constitute a veritable textbook of Roman warfare utilizing some 2,500 figures .
celebrating trajan ’ s campaigns against the dacians in what is now romania , the minutely detailed friezes spiraling around the column [form] a veritable textbook of roman warfare utilizing some 2,500 figures .

The luxuriously planted terraced gardens constitute one of the finest ensembles of the Italian formal style .
the luxuriously planted terraced gardens [form] one of the finest ensembles of the italian formal style .

Bois de Boulogne These 900 hectares ( 2,224 acres ) of parkland on the western edge of the city constitute one of Baron Haussmann ’ s happier achievements .
bois de boulogne these 900 hectares ( 2,224 acres ) of parkland on the western edge of the city [form] one of baron haussmann ’ s happier achievements .

In addition to being Marie-Antoinette ’ s last home , the palace was a favorite of Napoleon III and his wife Eugénie , whose extravagant memorabilia constitute the Musée du Second-Empire .
in addition to being marie-antoinette ’ s last home , the palace was a favorite of napoleon iii and his wife eugénie , whose extravagant memorabilia [form] the musée du second-empire .

Diving Although the warm , clear waters of the Aegean constitute a near-perfect diving environment , until recently the Greek government was rightly concerned about the possible damage divers might do to submerged ancient sites , and diving was prohibited .
diving although the warm , clear waters of the aegean [form] a near-perfect diving environment , until recently the greek government was rightly concerned about the possible damage divers might do to submerged ancient sites , and diving was prohibited .

Such trading rights attracted more Britons to the island , who founded dynastic families that in some cases still constitute the island ’ s economic elite .
such trading rights attracted more britons to the island , who founded dynastic families that in some cases still [form] the island ’ s economic elite .

Maspalomas is famous for its dunes that cover an wide area of 250 hectares ( 618 acres ) , which are sufficiently large and unspoiled to constitute a mini-Sahara of great beauty .
maspalomas is famous for its dunes that cover an wide area of 250 hectares ( 618 acres ) , which are sufficiently large and unspoiled to [form] a mini-sahara of great beauty .

These are the 30 tiny islands that constitute The Harbor Islands .
these are the 30 tiny islands that [form] the harbor islands .

Built between 1891–1895 to honor Wilhelm I , the remains of this Neo-Romanesque church constitute a memorial hall to celebrate the Hohenzollerns ’ pious monarchism .
built between 1891–1895 to honor wilhelm i , the remains of this neo-romanesque church [form] a memorial hall to celebrate the hohenzollerns ’ pious monarchism .

Discovered only in 1992 , the engravings of deer , goats , and horses constitute the largest outdoor assembly of Paleolithic rock art in Europe .
discovered only in 1992 , the engravings of deer , goats , and horses [form] the largest outdoor assembly of paleolithic rock art in europe .

Fringed with woods , sandy beaches , and campsites , they constitute a refreshing change of scenery from the heat and bustle of the coast .
fringed with woods , sandy beaches , and campsites , they [form] a refreshing change of scenery from the heat and bustle of the coast .

Most of the remains seen at the site today constitute the second palace built following the disaster which also coincided with a Golden Age of Minoan society or the New Palace era — 1700 b.c. , when the people were rich through trade , and artistic endeavor was at its peak .
most of the remains seen at the site today [form] the second palace built following the disaster which also coincided with a golden age of minoan society or the new palace era — 1700 b.c. , when the people were rich through trade , and artistic endeavor was at its peak .

Patients with severe dependence have a disproportionate share of alcohol-related medical consequences , but it is estimated that such patients generate only a fraction of all alcohol-related problems.39 Alcohol-related problems occur at lower rates , but in much greater numbers , among patients with mild to moderate alcohol problems because such patients constitute the greatest proportion of the drinking population .
patients with severe dependence have a disproportionate share of alcohol-related medical consequences , but it is estimated that such patients generate only a fraction of all alcohol-related problems.39 alcohol-related problems occur at lower rates , but in much greater numbers , among patients with mild to moderate alcohol problems because such patients [form] the greatest proportion of the drinking population .

It is estimated that direct medical costs constitute only 15 % of total costs related to substance abuse , with the remainder being related to problems such as property damage , crime , absenteeism , and unemployment .
it is estimated that direct medical costs [form] only 15 % of total costs related to substance abuse , with the remainder being related to problems such as property damage , crime , absenteeism , and unemployment .

She noted that research studies often attempt to control so many variables and follow up with patients so frequently that control groups receive so much attention focused on alcohol that it may constitute an intervention , particularly when compared with patients who receive standard care .
she noted that research studies often attempt to control so many variables and follow up with patients so frequently that control groups receive so much attention focused on alcohol that it may [form] an intervention , particularly when compared with patients who receive standard care .

We need to determine the sequence and combination of questions and tests that constitute the best screening process .
we need to determine the sequence and combination of questions and tests that [form] the best screening process .

Office of the General Counsel B-278894 January 15 , 1998 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives The Honorable William F. Goodling Chairman The Honorable William L. Clay Ranking Minority Member Committee on Education and the Workforce House of Representatives The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Department of the Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration : Interim Rules for Mental Health Parity Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a group of rules which constitute major rules promulgated by the Department of the GAO/OGC-98-22 Treasury , Internal Revenue Service ; Department of Labor , Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration ; and the Department of Health and Human Services , Health Care Financing Administration ; entitled `` Interim Rules for Mental Health Parity '' ( RIN : 1545-AV53 ; 1210-AA62 ; 0938-AI05 ) .
office of the general counsel b-278894 january 15 , 1998 the honorable william v. roth , jr. chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives the honorable william f. goodling chairman the honorable william l. clay ranking minority member committee on education and the workforce house of representatives the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : department of the treasury , internal revenue service ; department of labor , pension and welfare benefits administration ; department of health and human services , health care financing administration : interim rules for mental health parity pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a group of rules which [form] major rules promulgated by the department of the gao/ogc-98-22 treasury , internal revenue service ; department of labor , pension and welfare benefits administration ; and the department of health and human services , health care financing administration ; entitled `` interim rules for mental health parity '' ( rin : 1545-av53 ; 1210-aa62 ; 0938-ai05 ) .

However , these requirements are not discussed here because this guide pertains to the protection of sensitive but unclassified data , which constitute the bulk of data supporting most federal operations .
however , these requirements are not discussed here because this guide pertains to the protection of sensitive but unclassified data , which [form] the bulk of data supporting most federal operations .

Pre-1992 loans and loan guarantees that are modified shall each , respectively , constitute a single cohort .
pre-1992 loans and loan guarantees that are modified shall each , respectively , [form] a single cohort .

However , we understand from the preamble to the proposed rule and the Board 's letter to our Office that the Board intended this statement to constitute a certification under section 605 ( b ) that the rule would not have any significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
however , we understand from the preamble to the proposed rule and the board 's letter to our office that the board intended this statement to [form] a certification under section 605 ( b ) that the rule would not have any significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .

The design of these methods and the skill of the auditors applying them are the keys to ensuring that these data constitute sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence .
the design of these methods and the skill of the auditors applying them are the keys to ensuring that these data [form] sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence .

However , these requirements are not discussed here because this guide pertains to the protection of sensitive but unclassified data , which constitute the bulk of data supporting most federal operations .
however , these requirements are not discussed here because this guide pertains to the protection of sensitive but unclassified data , which [form] the bulk of data supporting most federal operations .

EPA has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in the Summary and Analysis of Comments , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the Clean Air Act .
epa has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in the summary and analysis of comments , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule [form] the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the clean air act .

EPA has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in both the preamble to the final rule and the Regulatory Impact Analysis , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 206 ( h ) of the Clean Air Act .
epa has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in both the preamble to the final rule and the regulatory impact analysis , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule [form] the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 206 ( h ) of the clean air act .

Note : Baselines , plus approved changes from those baselines , constitute the current configuration identification .
note : baselines , plus approved changes from those baselines , [form] the current configuration identification .

The techniques for ensuring sufficient comparability and quality and for aggregating the information are what constitute the `` cumulative '' part of the methodology .
the techniques for ensuring sufficient comparability and quality and for aggregating the information are what [form] the `` cumulative '' part of the methodology .

Absent reform , Social Security and Medicare costs would constitute a substantial drain on the earnings of future workers ( see figure 1.10 ) .
absent reform , social security and medicare costs would [form] a substantial drain on the earnings of future workers ( see figure 1.10 ) .

Assuming no other changes , these programs would constitute a substantial drain on the earnings of our future workers .
assuming no other changes , these programs would [form] a substantial drain on the earnings of our future workers .

Program reform is needed as well , or Social Security and Medicare will constitute a heavy drain on the earnings of future workers .
program reform is needed as well , or social security and medicare will [form] a heavy drain on the earnings of future workers .

H-2A workers constitute a small but growing portion of the United States ' agricultural workforce .
h-2a workers [form] a small but growing portion of the united states ' agricultural workforce .

The matters reports allow OPP , for the first time , to learn about the type and volume of grantee work that does not constitute `` cases . ''
the matters reports allow opp , for the first time , to learn about the type and volume of grantee work that does not [form] `` cases . ''

With the exception of the Holmesimysis costata Acute Test ( Table 19 ) , the methods included in this manual are referenced in Table IA , 40 CFR Part 136 regulations and , therefore , constitute approved methods for acute toxicity tests .
with the exception of the holmesimysis costata acute test ( table 19 ) , the methods included in this manual are referenced in table ia , 40 cfr part 136 regulations and , therefore , [form] approved methods for acute toxicity tests .

The methods included in this manual are referenced in Table IA , 40 CFR Part 136 regulations and , therefore , constitute approved methods for chronic toxicity tests .
the methods included in this manual are referenced in table ia , 40 cfr part 136 regulations and , therefore , [form] approved methods for chronic toxicity tests .

Mention of trade names or commercial products does not constitute endorsement or recommendation for use .
mention of trade names or commercial products does not [form] endorsement or recommendation for use .

Such allowance does not constitute a property right .
such allowance does not [form] a property right .

It is extremely unlikely that they constitute all the residential routes in any 5-Digit ZIP Code nor is it likely that they make up the entire suburban ring around cities .
it is extremely unlikely that they [form] all the residential routes in any 5-digit zip code nor is it likely that they make up the entire suburban ring around cities .

This set off a spirited debate between the Minneapolis Field Office , FBI headquarters , and the CIA as to whether the Chechen rebels and Khattab were sufficiently associated with a terrorist organization to constitute a `` foreign power '' for purposes of the FISA statute .
this set off a spirited debate between the minneapolis field office , fbi headquarters , and the cia as to whether the chechen rebels and khattab were sufficiently associated with a terrorist organization to [form] a `` foreign power '' for purposes of the fisa statute .

While visitors from `` visa waiver '' countries will be added to the program , beginning this year , covered travelers will still constitute only about 12 percent of all noncitizens crossing U.S. borders .
while visitors from `` visa waiver '' countries will be added to the program , beginning this year , covered travelers will still [form] only about 12 percent of all noncitizens crossing u.s. borders .

This ensures , among other things , that each zip-code area may constitute an outbreak on its own .
this ensures , among other things , that each zip-code area may [form] an outbreak on its own .

Left to linger is the critical question : does merely identifying differences among groups constitute an act of racism ?
left to linger is the critical question : does merely identifying differences among groups [form] an act of racism ?

The burden of demonstrating that selection is not responsible for an evolutionary event ( i.e. , demonstrating a negative ) is , of course , far heavier than the burden of demonstrating selection ; indeed , Coyne and Orr do not address the difficult question of what would constitute evidence for drift .
the burden of demonstrating that selection is not responsible for an evolutionary event ( i.e. , demonstrating a negative ) is , of course , far heavier than the burden of demonstrating selection ; indeed , coyne and orr do not address the difficult question of what would [form] evidence for drift .

According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , mental and behavioral disorders are estimated to account for 12 % of the global burden of disease , yet the mental health budgets of the majority of countries constitute less than 1 % of their total health expenditures [ 1 ] .
according to the world health organization ( who ) , mental and behavioral disorders are estimated to account for 12 % of the global burden of disease , yet the mental health budgets of the majority of countries [form] less than 1 % of their total health expenditures [ 1 ] .

Under international law , discrimination need not be intentional nor de jure ( in law ) to constitute a violation of various relevant treaties , but merely needs to have the “ effect of nullifying or impairing the equal enjoyment or exercise ” of rights ( paragraph 11 of [ 20 ] ) .
under international law , discrimination need not be intentional nor de jure ( in law ) to [form] a violation of various relevant treaties , but merely needs to have the “ effect of nullifying or impairing the equal enjoyment or exercise ” of rights ( paragraph 11 of [ 20 ] ) .

The cells that constitute our skeletal muscles are called myofibers—large multinucleated cells that may extend for the full length of individual muscles .
the cells that [form] our skeletal muscles are called myofibers—large multinucleated cells that may extend for the full length of individual muscles .

Efforts to develop effective countermeasures to maintain muscle mass in the elderly constitute an active and important area of current research [ 18,19,20 ] .
efforts to develop effective countermeasures to maintain muscle mass in the elderly [form] an active and important area of current research [ 18,19,20 ] .

This essentially means two things : first , that the copyright holder or holders must grant to the public a free , irrevocable , perpetual license to use , copy , distribute , and make derivative works of their research article , in any medium for any purpose ( excepting those that constitute plagiarism or other dishonest acts , of course ) ; and second , that a digital copy must be deposited in an open public archival repository ( for example , the US National Library of Medicine 's PubMed Central ) .
this essentially means two things : first , that the copyright holder or holders must grant to the public a free , irrevocable , perpetual license to use , copy , distribute , and make derivative works of their research article , in any medium for any purpose ( excepting those that [form] plagiarism or other dishonest acts , of course ) ; and second , that a digital copy must be deposited in an open public archival repository ( for example , the us national library of medicine 's pubmed central ) .

Altogether , about 500,000 terms constitute the basis of domain knowledge in life sciences .
altogether , about 500,000 terms [form] the basis of domain knowledge in life sciences .

Those applications , however , tend not to constitute “ misuse ” in many authors ' eyes .
those applications , however , tend not to [form] “ misuse ” in many authors ' eyes .

Some protein aggregates are capable of “ dividing ” and propagating in cells , leading to formation of similar aggregates in daughter cells or even in neighboring cells due to “ infection. ” These self-propagating protein aggregates are called prions and constitute the basis of prion diseases .
some protein aggregates are capable of “ dividing ” and propagating in cells , leading to formation of similar aggregates in daughter cells or even in neighboring cells due to “ infection. ” these self-propagating protein aggregates are called prions and [form] the basis of prion diseases .

Is the raw symbol placed in a gallery sufficient to constitute an artistic statement ?
is the raw symbol placed in a gallery sufficient to [form] an artistic statement ?

More technically , movies constitute only a tiny fraction of the space of all possible activations of all the pixels on your screen .
more technically , movies [form] only a tiny fraction of the space of all possible activations of all the pixels on your screen .

Capturing it might therefore ( a ) constitute a terrible waste of cortical representational power , or , worse , ( b ) interfere with , or warp , the parameterization of the aspects of the input that are important , making it harder to extract critical distinctions .
capturing it might therefore ( a ) [form] a terrible waste of cortical representational power , or , worse , ( b ) interfere with , or warp , the parameterization of the aspects of the input that are important , making it harder to extract critical distinctions .

One important group are the defensins , a large class of short antimicrobial peptides that constitute an effective immune response team in organisms as diverse as plants and primates ( Boman 1995 ) .
one important group are the defensins , a large class of short antimicrobial peptides that [form] an effective immune response team in organisms as diverse as plants and primates ( boman 1995 ) .

Kolmogorov 's theory was focused on categories , which are just subsets of a universe , a bunch of exemplars that constitute a group .
kolmogorov 's theory was focused on categories , which are just subsets of a universe , a bunch of exemplars that [form] a group .

The actors constitute a royal flush -- OK , OK , enough with the poker metaphors .
the actors [form] a royal flush -- ok , ok , enough with the poker metaphors .

Cohen 's comments at a Senate hearing constitute , explains the LAT , a shift for the Clinton administration , which till now has not publicly discussed possible U.S. roles in any NATO deployment to Kosovo .
cohen 's comments at a senate hearing [form] , explains the lat , a shift for the clinton administration , which till now has not publicly discussed possible u.s. roles in any nato deployment to kosovo .

A front-page Wall Street Journal story details a little-noticed aspect of the emerging e-marketplace : large corporations are moving slowly into Internet marketing , not really any longer because of misgivings about its power , but because it threatens to destroy traditional hands-on sales channels , which still constitute about 90 percent of most companies ' order flow .
a front-page wall street journal story details a little-noticed aspect of the emerging e-marketplace : large corporations are moving slowly into internet marketing , not really any longer because of misgivings about its power , but because it threatens to destroy traditional hands-on sales channels , which still [form] about 90 percent of most companies ' order flow .

The 8-year-old study says 59 percent of a sample of college students think oral sex does n't constitute `` having sex . ''
the 8-year-old study says 59 percent of a sample of college students think oral sex does n't [form] `` having sex . ''

These sub-minimum-wage jobs -- doing basic neglected work like repairing roads and bridges -- would constitute the missing bottom rung on an economic ladder .
these sub-minimum-wage jobs -- doing basic neglected work like repairing roads and bridges -- would [form] the missing bottom rung on an economic ladder .

It 's also true , as never before , that the archives of sound and image constitute a continuous retro loop that people can -- and will -- draw on .
it 's also true , as never before , that the archives of sound and image [form] a continuous retro loop that people can -- and will -- draw on .

For a Web site run by a private individual in his spare time , meeting these requirements would constitute a substantial burden .
for a web site run by a private individual in his spare time , meeting these requirements would [form] a substantial burden .

While he does not share Soros ' ambition to be seen as a sort of philosopher-speculator , his prominence does constitute a sort of bully pulpit -- with the operative word perhaps being `` bully '' -- from which he has not hesitated to lecture nations on their failings .
while he does not share soros ' ambition to be seen as a sort of philosopher-speculator , his prominence does [form] a sort of bully pulpit -- with the operative word perhaps being `` bully '' -- from which he has not hesitated to lecture nations on their failings .

The movie 's surface is velvety and immaculate -- until the action is abruptly viewed through the video camera of the teen-age voyeur next door ( Wes Bentley ) , and the graininess of the video image ( along with the plangent music ) suggests how unstable the molecules that constitute our `` reality '' really are .
the movie 's surface is velvety and immaculate -- until the action is abruptly viewed through the video camera of the teen-age voyeur next door ( wes bentley ) , and the graininess of the video image ( along with the plangent music ) suggests how unstable the molecules that [form] our `` reality '' really are .

The character of Carolyn is so shrill as to constitute a libel on the female sex , but there is n't a second when Bening sends the woman up .
the character of carolyn is so shrill as to [form] a libel on the female sex , but there is n't a second when bening sends the woman up .

Haynes says this does not constitute a `` condemnation . ''
haynes says this does not [form] a `` condemnation . ''

This ascension will constitute `` 'graduation ' from the human evolutionary level .
this ascension will [form] `` 'graduation ' from the human evolutionary level .

Some lawyers think that this may constitute a `` public display , '' similar to illegally publishing a copyrighted photograph in a newspaper , but this argument remains untested .
some lawyers think that this may [form] a `` public display , '' similar to illegally publishing a copyrighted photograph in a newspaper , but this argument remains untested .

While this result is no more statistically significant than Deep Blue 's recent win , both matches do constitute important data points .
while this result is no more statistically significant than deep blue 's recent win , both matches do [form] important data points .

That this basely erotic occupation that was to our own contemporaries so unsupportable should form the core of the work in question might be thought to constitute a disqualification .
that this basely erotic occupation that was to our own contemporaries so unsupportable should form the core of the work in question might be thought to [form] a disqualification .

In that response , I agree that my discussion of what SurfWatch does was an oversimplification -- for which I apologize -- but explain why I believe it does n't appreciably affect the legal analysis : The other technological alternatives , in my view , will not constitute the `` less restrictive alternatives '' needed to make the CDA unconstitutional .
in that response , i agree that my discussion of what surfwatch does was an oversimplification -- for which i apologize -- but explain why i believe it does n't appreciably affect the legal analysis : the other technological alternatives , in my view , will not [form] the `` less restrictive alternatives '' needed to make the cda unconstitutional .

All of them together constitute a near miracle .
all of them together [form] a near miracle .

There are also scenes in the new book that constitute journalism as good as any that Wolfe as done .
there are also scenes in the new book that [form] journalism as good as any that wolfe as done .

Let 's see , making out with someone , then ejaculating while she strips in your office does not constitute sexual relations .
let 's see , making out with someone , then ejaculating while she strips in your office does not [form] sexual relations .

The maggots and other insects , though revolting , also constitute no threat to public health .
the maggots and other insects , though revolting , also [form] no threat to public health .

It should be noted that , especially in the case of public figures like Terry Nichols , it takes far more than a dropped bit of type to constitute even a prima facie case of libel .
it should be noted that , especially in the case of public figures like terry nichols , it takes far more than a dropped bit of type to [form] even a prima facie case of libel .

Simply affording the defendant the opportunity to commit the crime does not constitute inducement .
simply affording the defendant the opportunity to commit the crime does not [form] inducement .

The population has doubled since the 1979 revolution , and in 10 years Iranians under 30 will constitute the majority of voters .
the population has doubled since the 1979 revolution , and in 10 years iranians under 30 will [form] the majority of voters .

Clinton undertook the actions towards Paula Jones in the Excelsior Hotel room that Jones alleges , that would not constitute `` hostile environment sexual harassment '' because Jones went to the room voluntarily , the episode only lasted at most 20 minutes , there was no violence or explicit threats and she was able to leave when she decided to .
clinton undertook the actions towards paula jones in the excelsior hotel room that jones alleges , that would not [form] `` hostile environment sexual harassment '' because jones went to the room voluntarily , the episode only lasted at most 20 minutes , there was no violence or explicit threats and she was able to leave when she decided to .

The lawsuits , modeled on those successfully brought by several state governments in recent years , constitute , in the words of the LAT , a `` major new assault '' in what is already history 's costliest collection of cases .
the lawsuits , modeled on those successfully brought by several state governments in recent years , [form] , in the words of the lat , a `` major new assault '' in what is already history 's costliest collection of cases .

Does this constitute an independent argument for taxing pollution , quite aside from its environmental payoff ?
does this [form] an independent argument for taxing pollution , quite aside from its environmental payoff ?

Indeed , three of seven were released in apparent conjunction with the arms sales , which does not constitute an overwhelming failure , however wrongheaded the arms-for-hostages policy may have been .
indeed , three of seven were released in apparent conjunction with the arms sales , which does not [form] an overwhelming failure , however wrongheaded the arms-for-hostages policy may have been .

My tics and mnemonic quirks -- or yours -- may not constitute a syndrome , but we are not so vastly removed from Sacks ' subjects , either .
my tics and mnemonic quirks -- or yours -- may not [form] a syndrome , but we are not so vastly removed from sacks ' subjects , either .

There are societies , like Poland , where such people constitute a self-conscious class with a shared social life -- what is called an `` intelligentsia . ''
there are societies , like poland , where such people [form] a self-conscious class with a shared social life -- what is called an `` intelligentsia . ''

Instead , he 's trying to rig the all-pervasive expectations game in his favor by noting how much more money Bradley has spent in Iowa than he has , and trying to feign a belief that a one-vote win is still a big win for him ( in fact , it would constitute a catastrophic reversal ) .
instead , he 's trying to rig the all-pervasive expectations game in his favor by noting how much more money bradley has spent in iowa than he has , and trying to feign a belief that a one-vote win is still a big win for him ( in fact , it would [form] a catastrophic reversal ) .

My Slate colleague Jacob Weisberg argues that the ... let 's call it the unfolding of Vice President Gore 's position on the great Joint Chiefs Gay Litmus Test issue was not sufficiently flip-floppy `` to constitute a 'reversal . ' ''
my slate colleague jacob weisberg argues that the ... let 's call it the unfolding of vice president gore 's position on the great joint chiefs gay litmus test issue was not sufficiently flip-floppy `` to [form] a 'reversal . ' ''

Answer : If a senator were to write a letter saying , `` Dear Big Donor : Give my campaign $ 1,000 and I will vote to renew the tax break for your industry , '' and if Big Donor were to donate $ 1,000 , that would constitute illegal bribery .
answer : if a senator were to write a letter saying , `` dear big donor : give my campaign $ 1,000 and i will vote to renew the tax break for your industry , '' and if big donor were to donate $ 1,000 , that would [form] illegal bribery .

In reality , there is n't much of a difference between `` support '' and `` agreement '' -- certainly not enough to constitute a `` reversal , '' which was how the New York Times characterized Gore 's adjustment .
in reality , there is n't much of a difference between `` support '' and `` agreement '' -- certainly not enough to [form] a `` reversal , '' which was how the new york times characterized gore 's adjustment .

In that case , those potential competitors constitute an ongoing security risk .
in that case , those potential competitors [form] an ongoing security risk .

If you do n't believe that casual answers to abstract survey questions constitute an important part of human behavior , it 's a trifle .
if you do n't believe that casual answers to abstract survey questions [form] an important part of human behavior , it 's a trifle .

I 'll suppose that blacks constitute 10 percent of the work force .
i 'll suppose that blacks [form] 10 percent of the work force .

The judge ruled that , in all but two cases , the Christian Coalition 's distribution of voting guides did not constitute specific endorsement of candidates -- which would have amounted to an illegal campaign contribution .
the judge ruled that , in all but two cases , the christian coalition 's distribution of voting guides did not [form] specific endorsement of candidates -- which would have amounted to an illegal campaign contribution .

Praising Alan Greenspan 's record as he embarks on a fourth term as its chairman , the FT said , however , that `` the concentration of so much policymaking power in the hands of one individual does not constitute international best practice .
praising alan greenspan 's record as he embarks on a fourth term as its chairman , the ft said , however , that `` the concentration of so much policymaking power in the hands of one individual does not [form] international best practice .

Foreigners constitute 98 percent of the private sector work force .
foreigners [form] 98 percent of the private sector work force .

What follows is a short primer on the Steele case for those who , understandably , have been paying more attention to the wars , tornadoes , mass murders , and nuclear espionage that constitute the rest of the news :
what follows is a short primer on the steele case for those who , understandably , have been paying more attention to the wars , tornadoes , mass murders , and nuclear espionage that [form] the rest of the news :

The `` core '' curriculum will now constitute 15 courses plus a year of foreign language , of the 42 required for graduation .
the `` core '' curriculum will now [form] 15 courses plus a year of foreign language , of the 42 required for graduation .

Solana was also asked what would constitute a `` permissive environment '' for NATO troops .
solana was also asked what would [form] a `` permissive environment '' for nato troops .

Women 's groups , civil rights groups , and Naderites -- all avid believers in litigation -- constitute a huge chunk of Clinton 's base .
women 's groups , civil rights groups , and naderites -- all avid believers in litigation -- [form] a huge chunk of clinton 's base .

T he Mummy is a debauchery but not a true defilement : Mummy movies do n't constitute an especially glorious cinematic legacy .
t he mummy is a debauchery but not a true defilement : mummy movies do n't [form] an especially glorious cinematic legacy .

Solana was also asked what would constitute a `` permissive environment '' for NATO troops .
solana was also asked what would [form] a `` permissive environment '' for nato troops .

Bantus , the country 's largest tribe , constitute the majority west of the rain forest that divides Zaire .
bantus , the country 's largest tribe , [form] the majority west of the rain forest that divides zaire .

Already , some states have argued that POPs constitute sufficient physical presence for taxing purposes .
already , some states have argued that pops [form] sufficient physical presence for taxing purposes .

Turkey : Kurds constitute 20 percent of Turkey 's 60 million citizens .
turkey : kurds [form] 20 percent of turkey 's 60 million citizens .

Kurds constitute only 10 percent of Iran 's population ; their culture and language are much closer to Iran 's than they are to Turkey 's or Iraq 's ; and Iranian governments have permitted them limited cultural expression , though no political autonomy .
kurds [form] only 10 percent of iran 's population ; their culture and language are much closer to iran 's than they are to turkey 's or iraq 's ; and iranian governments have permitted them limited cultural expression , though no political autonomy .

By the year 2050 , the Census Bureau estimates , Hispanics will constitute 24.5 percent of the U.S. population , up from today 's 10 percent .
by the year 2050 , the census bureau estimates , hispanics will [form] 24.5 percent of the u.s. population , up from today 's 10 percent .

Labor costs constitute more than 80 percent of the agency 's expenditures -- a figure that has remained steady since 1970 , despite the billions of dollars spent on automation .
labor costs [form] more than 80 percent of the agency 's expenditures -- a figure that has remained steady since 1970 , despite the billions of dollars spent on automation .

These are poll-driven wedge issues , which are likely to have little effect on the lives of most people , and which surely do n't constitute a philosophical program .
these are poll-driven wedge issues , which are likely to have little effect on the lives of most people , and which surely do n't [form] a philosophical program .

Narrowly defined as married , college-educated , suburban women with school-age children , soccer moms constitute only 4 percent or 5 percent of the electorate .
narrowly defined as married , college-educated , suburban women with school-age children , soccer moms [form] only 4 percent or 5 percent of the electorate .

Those within a population who sympathize with an enemy 's aims , and may render assistance when the time is ripe , constitute a fifth column , a term that goes back to the Spanish Civil War and the remark of a rebel general , Emilio Mola , to the effect that his four columns of troops would be supplemented by a civilian quinta columna , a fifth column of sympathizers , in their attack on Loyalist-held Madrid in 1936 .
those within a population who sympathize with an enemy 's aims , and may render assistance when the time is ripe , [form] a fifth column , a term that goes back to the spanish civil war and the remark of a rebel general , emilio mola , to the effect that his four columns of troops would be supplemented by a civilian quinta columna , a fifth column of sympathizers , in their attack on loyalist-held madrid in 1936 .

Today , of course , government pronouncements constitute a small and probably shrinking proportion of all verbiage that is in some sense `` national . ''
today , of course , government pronouncements [form] a small and probably shrinking proportion of all verbiage that is in some sense `` national . ''

Both forms of cloning constitute major technological accomplishments , but neither comes close to reconstituting an organism .
both forms of cloning [form] major technological accomplishments , but neither comes close to reconstituting an organism .

That 's Kasparov , explaining how Deep Blue 's resounding victory did not really constitute a `` big '' win .
that 's kasparov , explaining how deep blue 's resounding victory did not really [form] a `` big '' win .

Specifically , you must weigh their effect on certain theories in circulation , among them that Neanderthals still walk -- or lumber -- among us , and indeed that they have maintained their cohesion through the ages and still constitute a group apart .
specifically , you must weigh their effect on certain theories in circulation , among them that neanderthals still walk -- or lumber -- among us , and indeed that they have maintained their cohesion through the ages and still [form] a group apart .

A still-familiar concept that arose in the wake of Jewish emancipation in 19 th -century Europe , it argues that Jews constitute a separate racial group anthropologically inferior to European racial groups .
a still-familiar concept that arose in the wake of jewish emancipation in 19 th -century europe , it argues that jews [form] a separate racial group anthropologically inferior to european racial groups .

Even though more than 80 percent of the personal computers in the world use Microsoft 's operating system , it is far from clear that an antitrust court could be persuaded that personal computer operating systems constitute a separate market .
even though more than 80 percent of the personal computers in the world use microsoft 's operating system , it is far from clear that an antitrust court could be persuaded that personal computer operating systems [form] a separate market .

When they are together , and especially if they constitute a large community , they splice the contents of their languages into new and often unpredictable patterns ; this happened in England when Old English and Norman French came together after 1066 , giving rise to the Middle English hybrid that was in due course used to such effect by Chaucer and Malory .
when they are together , and especially if they [form] a large community , they splice the contents of their languages into new and often unpredictable patterns ; this happened in england when old english and norman french came together after 1066 , giving rise to the middle english hybrid that was in due course used to such effect by chaucer and malory .

Of course , if a researcher tampers with the evidence , making a unilateral , unsupported claim or assumption that a word means something that it does not , then that does not constitute semantic change : it is what is known as dirty work at the crossroads , and M & S are indulging in a bit of mischief by suggesting that semantic change either has taken place or is taking place because they have some evidence that a certain change in usage had crept in .
of course , if a researcher tampers with the evidence , making a unilateral , unsupported claim or assumption that a word means something that it does not , then that does not [form] semantic change : it is what is known as dirty work at the crossroads , and m & s are indulging in a bit of mischief by suggesting that semantic change either has taken place or is taking place because they have some evidence that a certain change in usage had crept in .

The other thing is that generalized statements employing reference to males constitute a not-so-subtle form of propaganda interpretable either as pro-male , anti-female , or both .
the other thing is that generalized statements employing reference to males [form] a not-so-subtle form of propaganda interpretable either as pro-male , anti-female , or both .

They constitute a “ fifth estate , ” an entity as worthy of anthropological investigation as the Yanomama of the Amazon or the Dinka of the Sudan .
they [form] a “ fifth estate , ” an entity as worthy of anthropological investigation as the yanomama of the amazon or the dinka of the sudan .

In a subsection called Good English Greenbaum makes a passing reference to the aesthetic use of language [ 1.10 ] ; but remarks concerning artistic use of language are notably absent , presumably lest they constitute some sort of value judgment .
in a subsection called good english greenbaum makes a passing reference to the aesthetic use of language [ 1.10 ] ; but remarks concerning artistic use of language are notably absent , presumably lest they [form] some sort of value judgment .

Personal names probably constitute the largest category of name-based verbs .
personal names probably [form] the largest category of name-based verbs .

The British , who did n't go through the dislocation ( and revivification ) of a revolution , simple allowed the gentry to establish the colloquial norm for those who counted themselves among the educated , and mined the literature for texts to constitute a canon that would be taught as a stylistic and , as a by-product , grammatical model .
the british , who did n't go through the dislocation ( and revivification ) of a revolution , simple allowed the gentry to establish the colloquial norm for those who counted themselves among the educated , and mined the literature for texts to [form] a canon that would be taught as a stylistic and , as a by-product , grammatical model .

He has erected , at enormous expense , a European-style capital city , Yamoussoukro , in the interior of the country , and furnished it with , among other things , an embarrassingly gauche , oversized Roman Catholic basilica rumored to be larger even than St. Peter 's in Vatican City -- all this supposedly to serve the spiritual needs of the country 's francisized Catholics , who constitute no more than 12 % of the country 's 11 to 12 million people .
he has erected , at enormous expense , a european-style capital city , yamoussoukro , in the interior of the country , and furnished it with , among other things , an embarrassingly gauche , oversized roman catholic basilica rumored to be larger even than st. peter 's in vatican city -- all this supposedly to serve the spiritual needs of the country 's francisized catholics , who [form] no more than 12 % of the country 's 11 to 12 million people .

To the extent that written orders constitute military commands , the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps do indeed issue “ behests ” for academic degrees .
to the extent that written orders [form] military commands , the u.s. navy and marine corps do indeed issue “ behests ” for academic degrees .

