Police laboratory technicians said the explosive device , containing either TNT or nitroglycerine , was apparently placed under the left front wheel .
police laboratory technicians said the explosive device , [having] either tnt or nitroglycerine , was apparently placed under the left front wheel .

Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites , each with its own private patio .
members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing [having] 40 rooms and suites , each with its own private patio .

His losses included his money bag , containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck .
his losses included his money bag , [having] $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck .

State briefs : Voters in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area .
state briefs : voters in four counties [having] and bordering denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area .

Evegeni Dubovskoi conducted an exceptionally large orchestra , one containing excellent soloists -- the violin solos by the concertmaster , Guy Lumia , were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity .
evegeni dubovskoi conducted an exceptionally large orchestra , one [having] excellent soloists -- the violin solos by the concertmaster , guy lumia , were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity .

A deft , hilarious satire on very high French society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions , a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort .
a deft , hilarious satire on very high french society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions , a lovely young bride and a head [having] such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort .

I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , jewelled swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat cross-legged .
i walked to the right around it to buildings [having] illuminated manuscripts and came to the treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , jewelled swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge divan-like thrones as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat cross-legged .

a middle distance often containing the major motif ; ;
a middle distance often [having] the major motif ; ;

-- As an aid in reducing losses due to enterotoxemia ( overeating disease ) , feed a complete ration containing not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton .
-- as an aid in reducing losses due to enterotoxemia ( overeating disease ) , feed a complete ration [having] not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of aureomycin per ton .

Include supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day .
include supplement [having] 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day .

These affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship , no sense of dignity derived from a job well done .
these affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities [having] no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship , no sense of dignity derived from a job well done .

Negroes want to be treated like men : a perfectly straightforward statement , containing only seven words .
negroes want to be treated like men : a perfectly straightforward statement , [having] only seven words .

I still have the dress , and I hope to give it to the Smithsonian Institution as a memento , or , as I more fondly hope , to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the Presidents -- if I can get it organized .
i still have the dress , and i hope to give it to the smithsonian institution as a memento , or , as i more fondly hope , to present it to a museum [having] articles showing the daily lives of the presidents -- if i can get it organized .

Some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week .
some students from the university returned around six with a large pot [having] enough hot soup to last me a week .

In order to prevent this , Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a force under the Marquis De Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes .
in order to prevent this , washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a force under the marquis de lafayette [having] some 160 of morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes .

A set of tables containing spectral intensities for 39,000 lines of 70 elements , as observed in a copper matrix in a d-c arc , was completed and published .
a set of tables [having] spectral intensities for 39,000 lines of 70 elements , as observed in a copper matrix in a d-c arc , was completed and published .

To prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing Af obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
to prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution [having] af obtained from the oak ridge national laboratory .

Carrier Af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) .
carrier af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells [having] gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) .

Sets of reaction tubes containing 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another , both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour .
sets of reaction tubes [having] 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another , both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour .

Abelson and Rawson , using a stepwise elution scheme , fractionated whole sera containing ABO and Rh antibodies on diethylaminoethyl DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose .
abelson and rawson , using a stepwise elution scheme , fractionated whole sera [having] abo and rh antibodies on diethylaminoethyl deae cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose .

In the present work whole sera have been fractionated by chromatography on DEAE-cellulose using single gradients similar to those described by Sober and Peterson , and certain chemical and serological properties of the fractions containing antibodies of the ABO and Rh systems have been described .
in the present work whole sera have been fractionated by chromatography on deae-cellulose using single gradients similar to those described by sober and peterson , and certain chemical and serological properties of the fractions [having] antibodies of the abo and rh systems have been described .

The third , containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies , had titers of 1 : 256 in saline , 1 : 512 in albumin and 1 : 1024 by the indirect Coombs test .
the third , [having] the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies , had titers of 1 : 256 in saline , 1 : 512 in albumin and 1 : 1024 by the indirect coombs test .

The activities of fractions of sera containing Rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect Coombs techniques .
the activities of fractions of sera [having] rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect coombs techniques .

The DEAE-cellulose , containing 0.78 mEq of N/g , was prepared in our laboratory by the method of Peterson and Sober ( 7 ) from powdered cellulose , 100 - 230 mesh .
the deae-cellulose , [having] 0.78 meq of n/g , was prepared in our laboratory by the method of peterson and sober ( 7 ) from powdered cellulose , 100 - 230 mesh .

The strip sections containing a given protein were pooled , eluted with 0.5 ml of isotonic saline , and the eluates were tested for antibody activity .
the strip sections [having] a given protein were pooled , eluted with 0.5 ml of isotonic saline , and the eluates were tested for antibody activity .

The serum containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies showed activity in both regions ( Fig. 1 ) .
the serum [having] the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies showed activity in both regions ( fig. 1 ) .

In fact agglutination of Af cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing `` only '' incomplete antibody activity .
in fact agglutination of af cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera [having] `` only '' incomplete antibody activity .

There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) .
there is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid [having] essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( wolff , robbins and rall , 1959 ) .

The intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells .
the intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue [having] fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells .

( 4 ) The conjugates were passed through a diethylaminoethyl ( DEAE ) cellulose column equilibrated with neutral phosphate buffer ( PBS ) containing Af potassium phosphate and Af .
( 4 ) the conjugates were passed through a diethylaminoethyl ( deae ) cellulose column equilibrated with neutral phosphate buffer ( pbs ) [having] af potassium phosphate and af .

To see this , consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of Aj .
to see this , consider a general pencil of lines [having] a general secant of aj .

For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .
for any pencil in a plane [having] a af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .

In addition , demographic inquiries , supposedly involving field investigations , were conducted in selected minor divisions ( circonscriptions ) containing about 3 percent of the total population .
in addition , demographic inquiries , supposedly involving field investigations , were conducted in selected minor divisions ( circonscriptions ) [having] about 3 percent of the total population .

After two drinks containing alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely .
after two drinks [having] alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely .

Each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product .
each salesman was to read a sheet [having] a description of the product .

While the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in Athabascan .
while the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , [having] approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in athabascan .

About 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square .
about 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of mexican houses [having] six rooms in the form of a square .

Removal of the suspended solids by a membrane filter yielded an average effluent containing only 20 mg/l Aj .
removal of the suspended solids by a membrane filter yielded an average effluent [having] only 20 mg/l aj .

Impact glasses not containing elemental nickel-iron may have been produced by stony meteorites or comets .
impact glasses not [having] elemental nickel-iron may have been produced by stony meteorites or comets .

No meteorites have ever been recovered from paleoexplosion craters , and recent craters containing impact glass have all been produced by metallic meteorites with the exception of Aouelloul crater , Adrar , Western Sahara Desert .
no meteorites have ever been recovered from paleoexplosion craters , and recent craters [having] impact glass have all been produced by metallic meteorites with the exception of aouelloul crater , adrar , western sahara desert .

Volume 1 , containing Parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951 ; ;
volume 1 , [having] parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951 ; ;

Specialty cooked items containing meat portions , as in `` frozen dinners '' might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization .
specialty cooked items [having] meat portions , as in `` frozen dinners '' might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization .

The 160-ml. bath containing the calculated amount of detergent is applied slowly and directly to the running specimen .
the 160-ml. bath [having] the calculated amount of detergent is applied slowly and directly to the running specimen .

An ammunition case stood open , containing canisters which contained powder cartridges .
an ammunition case stood open , [having] canisters which contained powder cartridges .

What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes -- and handbag containing her identification .
what joyce wanted me to do was go to thor's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes -- and handbag [having] her identification .

Police say a car containing three men drew up outside the house in Hudson Street .
police say a car [having] three men drew up outside the house in hudson street .

Drake Hall is an open prison and other stories tell of women taking crack , Wicked drops or deliveries of parcels containing drugs , drink , and cigarettes , and a boyfriend of one of the inmates having sex inside the prison .
drake hall is an open prison and other stories tell of women taking crack , wicked drops or deliveries of parcels [having] drugs , drink , and cigarettes , and a boyfriend of one of the inmates having sex inside the prison .

Trading Standards officers say most of them have been recovered , but one cover containing the deadly poison still has to be traced .
trading standards officers say most of them have been recovered , but one cover [having] the deadly poison still has to be traced .

The beads , containing ricin , one of the world 's deadliest poisons , were imported as necklaces and sold by Oxfam through the charity 's national chain of gift shops .
the beads , [having] ricin , one of the world 's deadliest poisons , were imported as necklaces and sold by oxfam through the charity 's national chain of gift shops .

The guard handed over a bag containing seven thousand pounds .
the guard handed over a bag [having] seven thousand pounds .

The guard handed over a bag containing seven thousand pounds .
the guard handed over a bag [having] seven thousand pounds .

Workmen renovating a pub have made a gruesome discovery … a grave containing a horse 's head .
workmen renovating a pub have made a gruesome discovery … a grave [having] a horse 's head .

Lying alongside it was an old bottle containing a faded manuscript .
lying alongside it was an old bottle [having] a faded manuscript .

Police and social workers called to her home in Bretch Hill in Banbury , found her on the floor of a filthy , stinking room , containing soiled sheets .
police and social workers called to her home in bretch hill in banbury , found her on the floor of a filthy , stinking room , [having] soiled sheets .

Police have condemned as despicable the theft from a widow 's home of a cask containing her husband 's ashes .
police have condemned as despicable the theft from a widow 's home of a cask [having] her husband 's ashes .

And all the arsonists stole was £8 , from a tin containing the teachers tea money .
and all the arsonists stole was £8 , from a tin [having] the teachers tea money .

There are still thousands of pieces of furniture in the second hand market containing the old-style foam .
there are still thousands of pieces of furniture in the second hand market [having] the old-style foam .

Police hunting the killer of a prostitute have found five diaries and address books containing names of her clients .
police hunting the killer of a prostitute have found five diaries and address books [having] names of her clients .

Mr Major added : ‘ This , together with the implementation of restructuring designed to develop the relationship between pay and performance in schools , will give teachers , like most other review body groups , an increase in pay of 1.5 per cent , while containing the total cost within the settlement limit . ’
mr major added : ‘ this , together with the implementation of restructuring designed to develop the relationship between pay and performance in schools , will give teachers , like most other review body groups , an increase in pay of 1.5 per cent , while [having] the total cost within the settlement limit . ’

Scientists have found in trials on animals that tumour growth can be restricted and , in some cases , killed by giving them supplements containing fish and plant oils .
scientists have found in trials on animals that tumour growth can be restricted and , in some cases , killed by giving them supplements [having] fish and plant oils .

The contaminated sediment , containing the highest degree of pollution found in widespread sediment tests around Shetland , is not far from one of the most important herring spawning grounds for the North Sea .
the contaminated sediment , [having] the highest degree of pollution found in widespread sediment tests around shetland , is not far from one of the most important herring spawning grounds for the north sea .

Mr Stuart-Moore said the notebook containing the master plan had been written some time before and some details had been altered .
mr stuart-moore said the notebook [having] the master plan had been written some time before and some details had been altered .

The First Division of the Court of Session so held in refusing a reclaiming motion by property valuers against the Lord Ordinary 's decision that a mortgage application form containing a disclaimer in respect of their liability to Derek and Margaret Melrose constituted a contract .
the first division of the court of session so held in refusing a reclaiming motion by property valuers against the lord ordinary 's decision that a mortgage application form [having] a disclaimer in respect of their liability to derek and margaret melrose constituted a contract .

The duke resigned in protest at a government bill containing proposals which could force landlords to sell the freeholds of flats to leaseholders .
the duke resigned in protest at a government bill [having] proposals which could force landlords to sell the freeholds of flats to leaseholders .

To address the possibility that recombinant baculoviruses containing duplicated promoters might be unstable , we avoided the juxtaposition of identical promoters by arranging and segregating them as illustrated in Figure 1 .
to address the possibility that recombinant baculoviruses [having] duplicated promoters might be unstable , we avoided the juxtaposition of identical promoters by arranging and segregating them as illustrated in figure 1 .

Ian Walker , prosecuting , told Darlington magistrates the man had been followed by a member of staff and had been seen to drop a bag containing the jeans .
ian walker , prosecuting , told darlington magistrates the man had been followed by a member of staff and had been seen to drop a bag [having] the jeans .

He pleaded guilty to stealing a money bag containing Mr Leyland 's takings after the driver ran off in fright .
he pleaded guilty to stealing a money bag [having] mr leyland 's takings after the driver ran off in fright .

Thermodynamic stability and drug-binding properties of oligodeoxyribonucleotide duplexes containing 3-deazaadenine:thymine base pairs
thermodynamic stability and drug-binding properties of oligodeoxyribonucleotide duplexes [having] 3-deazaadenine:thymine base pairs

Murray gave him petrol money and a bundle of £20 notes amounting to several hundred pounds and Mr Taylor drove to Carlisle and then Liverpool , where he obtained two balls containing powder .
murray gave him petrol money and a bundle of £20 notes amounting to several hundred pounds and mr taylor drove to carlisle and then liverpool , where he obtained two balls [having] powder .

It is believed that an envelope containing explosive material was delivered to the Scottish Office in the morning .
it is believed that an envelope [having] explosive material was delivered to the scottish office in the morning .

But his office issued a decree he had signed on Monday containing a strong warning to all regional government officials that he would hold them personally responsible for obeying his orders .
but his office issued a decree he had signed on monday [having] a strong warning to all regional government officials that he would hold them personally responsible for obeying his orders .

Earlier , the trial had been told that police had set up road blocks north of Perth as part of another inquiry when the white Cavalier containing what police described as ‘ seasoned criminals ’ had burst through .
earlier , the trial had been told that police had set up road blocks north of perth as part of another inquiry when the white cavalier [having] what police described as ‘ seasoned criminals ’ had burst through .

‘ Until we get an abattoir approved , not only can meat itself not be imported , neither can the many traditional products containing meat like steak and kidney pie in canned or frozen form .
‘ until we get an abattoir approved , not only can meat itself not be imported , neither can the many traditional products [having] meat like steak and kidney pie in canned or frozen form .

Of the 1,570 reported cases all but nine are positively linked to feed containing recycled ruminant tissue and seven of those are animals that have proved impossible to trace .
of the 1,570 reported cases all but nine are positively linked to feed [having] recycled ruminant tissue and seven of those are animals that have proved impossible to trace .

Recombinant protein A-Oct-11 or protein A-Oct-2 was incubated with a 32 P-labelled oligonucleotide containing an octamer sequence in the absence or presence of the indicated molar excess of specific ( Oct ) or non-specific ( Sox-5 ) double stranded ofigonucleotides .
recombinant protein a-oct-11 or protein a-oct-2 was incubated with a 32 p-labelled oligonucleotide [having] an octamer sequence in the absence or presence of the indicated molar excess of specific ( oct ) or non-specific ( sox-5 ) double stranded ofigonucleotides .

The construct pPT was derived from the plasmid pD5 ( 22 ) as follows : a 0.45 kb KpnI-NotI ( blunt ) fragment containing the Sh ble resistance ( ble ) gene from the plasmid pUT58 ( 17 ) was ligated into KpnI-HpaI digested pD5 .
the construct ppt was derived from the plasmid pd5 ( 22 ) as follows : a 0.45 kb kpni-noti ( blunt ) fragment [having] the sh ble resistance ( ble ) gene from the plasmid put58 ( 17 ) was ligated into kpni-hpai digested pd5 .

In order to avoid disrupting essential genes , and to maximise the chances of successful integration ( 12 ) , the construct containing the ble gene was targeted to the tubulin locus , which consists of a multiple array of alternating alpha- and beta-tubulin gene repeats ( 23 , 28-30 ) .
in order to avoid disrupting essential genes , and to maximise the chances of successful integration ( 12 ) , the construct [having] the ble gene was targeted to the tubulin locus , which consists of a multiple array of alternating alpha- and beta-tubulin gene repeats ( 23 , 28-30 ) .

Alex Miller 's team asked no questions of a drastically altered Ibrox side containing more than a smattering of Rangers ' impressive reserve strength .
alex miller 's team asked no questions of a drastically altered ibrox side [having] more than a smattering of rangers ' impressive reserve strength .

clones containing coligated inserts
clones [having] coligated inserts

clones containing internal deletions
clones [having] internal deletions

probes containing repetitive elements .
probes [having] repetitive elements .

In many cases , however , neglecting the data from a probe containing a repeat allows one to find a correct connection to elongate the contig ( Fig .
in many cases , however , neglecting the data from a probe [having] a repeat allows one to find a correct connection to elongate the contig ( fig .

It is easily seen that all the probes producing ‘ blocks ’ of extra positives outside the main diagonal ( like those hitting the centromeric regions of all three chromosomes ) are successfully filtered out and most ( about 80 % ) of the coligated clones or those containing repeats are excluded from the analysis .
it is easily seen that all the probes producing ‘ blocks ’ of extra positives outside the main diagonal ( like those hitting the centromeric regions of all three chromosomes ) are successfully filtered out and most ( about 80 % ) of the coligated clones or those [having] repeats are excluded from the analysis .

This example also demonstrates the basic principle of handling the repetitive elements : probes in the region containing this element are deleted one by one until two non-repetitive probes on both sides of the region are found which are connected by a minimum number of clones , linking these probes into a contig .
this example also demonstrates the basic principle of handling the repetitive elements : probes in the region [having] this element are deleted one by one until two non-repetitive probes on both sides of the region are found which are connected by a minimum number of clones , linking these probes into a contig .

Therefore for highly repetitive genomes it is likely that only maps containing clones from libraries of different types , such as cosmids and YACs , can be constructed and an optimal strategy of mapping of different resolutions , based on previously established probe-tagged sites , must be elaborated .
therefore for highly repetitive genomes it is likely that only maps [having] clones from libraries of different types , such as cosmids and yacs , can be constructed and an optimal strategy of mapping of different resolutions , based on previously established probe-tagged sites , must be elaborated .

Due to errors in determination of fragment lengths and similarities between lengths of fragments in different parts of a genome , this interpretation will be closer to the hybridisation with multiple- copy probes ( plus additional ‘ noise ’ from fragments containing the vector component of a clone ) .
due to errors in determination of fragment lengths and similarities between lengths of fragments in different parts of a genome , this interpretation will be closer to the hybridisation with multiple- copy probes ( plus additional ‘ noise ’ from fragments [having] the vector component of a clone ) .

Not the individual probes but the longest unique ‘ probe patterns ’ , containing several adjacent probes must be considered as neighbourhood elements for all such probe patterns .
not the individual probes but the longest unique ‘ probe patterns ’ , [having] several adjacent probes must be considered as neighbourhood elements for all such probe patterns .

The clone marked with asterisks * spans a , r , b , so that in this instance it would be possible to remove the probe r without breaking the contig containing a and b .
the clone marked with asterisks * spans a , r , b , so that in this instance it would be possible to remove the probe r without breaking the contig [having] a and b .

The files are then combined into a flat file containing all the hybridisations .
the files are then combined into a flat file [having] all the hybridisations .

Transgenic mice containing Long and Short Ea constructs
transgenic mice [having] long and short ea constructs

In Whitby Way vandals unsuccessfully tried to set a car ablaze by throwing a jar containing flammable liquid and lighted rag at it .
in whitby way vandals unsuccessfully tried to set a car ablaze by throwing a jar [having] flammable liquid and lighted rag at it .

Dorothy King was carrying a plastic bag containing sleeping pills and anti-depressants , a doctor 's letter and a medical report on her hyperactive son .
dorothy king was carrying a plastic bag [having] sleeping pills and anti-depressants , a doctor 's letter and a medical report on her hyperactive son .

The £80 brown jacket , containing £30 cash , was taken from changing rooms at the Dolphin Centre in Darlington on Wednesday afternoon .
the £80 brown jacket , [having] £30 cash , was taken from changing rooms at the dolphin centre in darlington on wednesday afternoon .

Mr Glenn , 21 , drove the robber back to Perry 's in his own car and once there was forced to open the safe containing the weekend takings .
mr glenn , 21 , drove the robber back to perry 's in his own car and once there was forced to open the safe [having] the weekend takings .

and Irvine had their work cut out containing the United forwards .
and irvine had their work cut out [having] the united forwards .

At the turnstiles my bag , containing a snack for half-time , was searched .
at the turnstiles my bag , [having] a snack for half-time , was searched .

But the existence of her precious archive was unsuspected until a suitcase containing about 450 glass negatives was discovered during a house-clearance at Ripon in 1988 .
but the existence of her precious archive was unsuspected until a suitcase [having] about 450 glass negatives was discovered during a house-clearance at ripon in 1988 .

If it requires a little effort from the listener , then , it is an ultimately rewarding experience , tightly and skilfully constructed , and containing passages of great beauty and spirit .
if it requires a little effort from the listener , then , it is an ultimately rewarding experience , tightly and skilfully constructed , and [having] passages of great beauty and spirit .

We next generated transgenic mice for a deletion containing only 55bp of the promoter linked to the rest of the gene .
we next generated transgenic mice for a deletion [having] only 55bp of the promoter linked to the rest of the gene .

The resulting EcoRI-BstEII fragment ( containing the 140k codons 417 to 646 ) was isolated and inserted between the adaptor EcoRI site and the SmaI site of the vector p585T7a .
the resulting ecori-bsteii fragment ( [having] the 140k codons 417 to 646 ) was isolated and inserted between the adaptor ecori site and the smai site of the vector p585t7a .

The preparation of the plasmids containing the synthetic fragments has been described elsewhere [ 27-29 ] .
the preparation of the plasmids [having] the synthetic fragments has been described elsewhere [ 27-29 ] .

These four came in 31 seconds clear of a chasing group containing Lillywhite , the Banana professional .
these four came in 31 seconds clear of a chasing group [having] lillywhite , the banana professional .

He was in a baby buggy and beside him was holdall containing clothes , bottles and baby wipes .
he was in a baby buggy and beside him was holdall [having] clothes , bottles and baby wipes .

He said a petition containing 500 names over 95pc of households in the village had been sent to the Welsh Office calling for a second public meeting .
he said a petition [having] 500 names over 95pc of households in the village had been sent to the welsh office calling for a second public meeting .

As well as a bag containing the drug , officers found plastic bags and a knife blade .
as well as a bag [having] the drug , officers found plastic bags and a knife blade .

In the cellar , which could be reached only from his flat , they found five holdalls containing plastic bags with 118,000 ecstasy tablets , it was alleged .
in the cellar , which could be reached only from his flat , they found five holdalls [having] plastic bags with 118,000 ecstasy tablets , it was alleged .

Police found a book beside the empty petrol can containing the word ‘ Sarajevo ’ and a message from Mr Bamford expressing frustration with events in Bosnia and lack of action by politicians .
police found a book beside the empty petrol can [having] the word ‘ sarajevo ’ and a message from mr bamford expressing frustration with events in bosnia and lack of action by politicians .

Added Det Con Roberts : ‘ It was only later that the lady realised that her purse , containing around £220 in cash , had been taken . ’
added det con roberts : ‘ it was only later that the lady realised that her purse , [having] around £220 in cash , had been taken . ’

They presented him with a thick dossier containing new information about the alleged confession that led to the convictions .
they presented him with a thick dossier [having] new information about the alleged confession that led to the convictions .

The attack came less than three months after Sunday Life reported that a police file containing his address had been lost in a nationalist part of north Belfast .
the attack came less than three months after sunday life reported that a police file [having] his address had been lost in a nationalist part of north belfast .

Against a side containing ‘ greats ’ like Gordon Edwards and Phil Jones , the county boys gave every indication of good results to come .
against a side [having] ‘ greats ’ like gordon edwards and phil jones , the county boys gave every indication of good results to come .

During the 1987 expedition a suitcase containing jewellery , gold coins and bank notes was recovered , among other artefacts believed to be worth about £38m .
during the 1987 expedition a suitcase [having] jewellery , gold coins and bank notes was recovered , among other artefacts believed to be worth about £38m .

But he was able to remount , leaving Steadman to escape on foot with the box containing the money .
but he was able to remount , leaving steadman to escape on foot with the box [having] the money .

Her eye fell on the cabinet on the wall containing the guns : a memento of his strange and unexplained past .
her eye fell on the cabinet on the wall [having] the guns : a memento of his strange and unexplained past .

Also , a bed containing heathers and low-growing conifers has been established .
also , a bed [having] heathers and low-growing conifers has been established .

Sales-packs containing samples of our goods are available or you may prefer to take specific items .
sales-packs [having] samples of our goods are available or you may prefer to take specific items .

Now if you will refer to your folders , you have extracts containing the relevant material .
now if you will refer to your folders , you have extracts [having] the relevant material .

He saw Owen redden with pleasure , and laughed , flinging an arm about his shoulders so forgetfully that it was a worthy as well as a willing sacrifice Owen made for him , containing the pain of the embrace .
he saw owen redden with pleasure , and laughed , flinging an arm about his shoulders so forgetfully that it was a worthy as well as a willing sacrifice owen made for him , [having] the pain of the embrace .

We are now left with seven years ' worth of data containing only seasonal and residual effects .
we are now left with seven years ' worth of data [having] only seasonal and residual effects .

For example , every railway has complex safety regulations containing an injunction to the effect that ‘ every member of staff , whatever his rank , owes complete obedience to the signals ’ ( Fontgalland 1984 : 52 ) .
for example , every railway has complex safety regulations [having] an injunction to the effect that ‘ every member of staff , whatever his rank , owes complete obedience to the signals ’ ( fontgalland 1984 : 52 ) .

Lowell 's bit-on-the-side had walked out of the studio and left the canvas holdall containing her dress and beads behind .
lowell 's bit-on-the-side had walked out of the studio and left the canvas holdall [having] her dress and beads behind .

Ben showed the boys the mortuary chests containing the remains of Canute and Christopher had shouted : ‘ Get back sea !
ben showed the boys the mortuary chests [having] the remains of canute and christopher had shouted : ‘ get back sea !

The accompanying gift for the gentlemen of the day , described as an aide , was a red leather pocket book containing an identical list of names ; and quite by chance during her researches Mrs Lamport visited a museum which had in its archives the partner book to her fan .
the accompanying gift for the gentlemen of the day , described as an aide , was a red leather pocket book [having] an identical list of names ; and quite by chance during her researches mrs lamport visited a museum which had in its archives the partner book to her fan .

But what really excited her about the visit was the museum 's corresponding red leather book containing all the same names , which enabled both to double-check the information .
but what really excited her about the visit was the museum 's corresponding red leather book [having] all the same names , which enabled both to double-check the information .

Hughes has recounted the devastating effect of successive raids on Liverpool and Birkenhead , in which 130 vessels were damaged or sunk and countless warehouses containing sugar , cotton and other vital commodities were destroyed .
hughes has recounted the devastating effect of successive raids on liverpool and birkenhead , in which 130 vessels were damaged or sunk and countless warehouses [having] sugar , cotton and other vital commodities were destroyed .

He escaped with a purse containing about £3 .
he escaped with a purse [having] about £3 .

Creams or ointments containing steroids often help reduce the inflammation and itching in the skin but should n't be used for long periods of time .
creams or ointments [having] steroids often help reduce the inflammation and itching in the skin but should n't be used for long periods of time .

Mr Harrison was at the shipyard yesterday to receive a petition containing 9,500 names from the Cammell Laird Community Group .
mr harrison was at the shipyard yesterday to receive a petition [having] 9,500 names from the cammell laird community group .

But the new Queen 's champion admitted that the first meeting ever between the two players dominated by heavy serves and containing few spectacular winners was a poor spectacle for a 6,000 crowd which included Princess Diana .
but the new queen 's champion admitted that the first meeting ever between the two players dominated by heavy serves and [having] few spectacular winners was a poor spectacle for a 6,000 crowd which included princess diana .

It includes communal workshops containing metal and woodworking equipment , and a training room with computer programmes to give the new-starter a grounding in marketing , book-keeping and business management .
it includes communal workshops [having] metal and woodworking equipment , and a training room with computer programmes to give the new-starter a grounding in marketing , book-keeping and business management .

Bursting with spring health , they are drawing sustenance from a compost containing thousands of banknotes and travellers cheques .
bursting with spring health , they are drawing sustenance from a compost [having] thousands of banknotes and travellers cheques .

Amphetamine powder was found in a car containing five youths including Wilson , the driver , who was stopped by police in Middlesbrough last May .
amphetamine powder was found in a car [having] five youths including wilson , the driver , who was stopped by police in middlesbrough last may .

Three petitions containing more than 2,200 signatures were received in opposition to the proposals for Dixon 's Bank , Marton .
three petitions [having] more than 2,200 signatures were received in opposition to the proposals for dixon 's bank , marton .

Wheelbarrows of mud are carted from one site to help form a containing mound for a pond at the other end .
wheelbarrows of mud are carted from one site to help form a [having] mound for a pond at the other end .

Space was at a premium and a slim attache case containing maps and other documents had to be jettisoned at Scotch Corner , a traditional stop on the Montes of old .
space was at a premium and a slim attache case [having] maps and other documents had to be jettisoned at scotch corner , a traditional stop on the montes of old .

Checks will be done on 74 gardens following claims that top soil was delivered containing glass which cut a toddler 's eye .
checks will be done on 74 gardens following claims that top soil was delivered [having] glass which cut a toddler 's eye .

Against a side containing ‘ greats ’ like Gordon Edwards and Phil Jones , the county boys gave every indication of good results to come .
against a side [having] ‘ greats ’ like gordon edwards and phil jones , the county boys gave every indication of good results to come .

MPs had difficulty getting their mail today because the Commons post office was bunged up with parcels containing lumps of coal addressed to Michael Heseltine .
mps had difficulty getting their mail today because the commons post office was bunged up with parcels [having] lumps of coal addressed to michael heseltine .

The bomb , containing 150 grams of explosives , was planted outside the house shortly before 1am .
the bomb , [having] 150 grams of explosives , was planted outside the house shortly before 1am .

Make sure items you want to take with you personally are clearly marked ‘ Do Not Remove ’ and put to one side . It 's also a good idea to pack a ‘ load last/ unload first ’ box containing items you will need immediately on arrival — such as the kettle and teapot !
make sure items you want to take with you personally are clearly marked ‘ do not remove ’ and put to one side . it 's also a good idea to pack a ‘ load last/ unload first ’ box [having] items you will need immediately on arrival — such as the kettle and teapot !

After two thrilling sets containing the best tennis of the tournament so far , Sampras seized control of the match during the second set tie-break .
after two thrilling sets [having] the best tennis of the tournament so far , sampras seized control of the match during the second set tie-break .

It is , in fact , one of the two largest galaxies in that group and nearby , in astronomical terms at least , there are other such groups containing thirty/forty/fifty galaxies maybe , and these galaxies themselves , these groups , are clustered into larger groups and these groups are glustered into even larger groups , so there are clusters of clusters of clusters of galaxies , right out to the furthest reaches of space .
it is , in fact , one of the two largest galaxies in that group and nearby , in astronomical terms at least , there are other such groups [having] thirty/forty/fifty galaxies maybe , and these galaxies themselves , these groups , are clustered into larger groups and these groups are glustered into even larger groups , so there are clusters of clusters of clusters of galaxies , right out to the furthest reaches of space .

Too large to go in the diplomatic bags , the first monster packing cases containing old lamp posts have started to arrive in Warwickshire County Council 's Highways Depot on Dunchurch .
too large to go in the diplomatic bags , the first monster packing cases [having] old lamp posts have started to arrive in warwickshire county council 's highways depot on dunchurch .

Above the hearth ran a broad oaken shelf containing silver and pewter cups which shimmered by the light of two multi-branched candelabra ; woollen rugs of dark murrey hung against the white-washed walls .
above the hearth ran a broad oaken shelf [having] silver and pewter cups which shimmered by the light of two multi-branched candelabra ; woollen rugs of dark murrey hung against the white-washed walls .

When we compare weak syllables containing vowels with strong syllables , we find the vowel in a weak syllable tends to be shorter , of lower intensity and different in quality .
when we compare weak syllables [having] vowels with strong syllables , we find the vowel in a weak syllable tends to be shorter , of lower intensity and different in quality .

In most other cases of weak syllables containing a close front unrounded vowel we can assign the vowel to the phoneme , as in the first syllable of ‘ resist ’ , ‘ inane ’ , ‘ enough ’ , the middle syllable of ‘ incident ’ , ‘ orchestra ’ , ‘ artichoke ’ , and the final syllable of ‘ swimming ’ , ‘ liquid ’ , ‘ optic ’ .
in most other cases of weak syllables [having] a close front unrounded vowel we can assign the vowel to the phoneme , as in the first syllable of ‘ resist ’ , ‘ inane ’ , ‘ enough ’ , the middle syllable of ‘ incident ’ , ‘ orchestra ’ , ‘ artichoke ’ , and the final syllable of ‘ swimming ’ , ‘ liquid ’ , ‘ optic ’ .

However , it is worth noting that unstressed syllables containing , , or a syllabic consonant will sound less prominent than an unstressed syllable containing some other vowel .
however , it is worth noting that unstressed syllables [having] , , or a syllabic consonant will sound less prominent than an unstressed syllable [having] some other vowel .

Whether the word is morphologically simple , or whether it is complex as a result either of containing one or more affixes ( that is , prefixes or suffixes ) or of being a compound word .
whether the word is morphologically simple , or whether it is complex as a result either of [having] one or more affixes ( that is , prefixes or suffixes ) or of being a compound word .

Most of the above rules show stress tending to go on syllables containing a long vowel or diphthong and/or ending with more than one consonant .
most of the above rules show stress tending to go on syllables [having] a long vowel or diphthong and/or ending with more than one consonant .

Other phonologists have suggested that is an allophone of several other vowels ; for example , compare the middle two syllables in the words ‘ economy ’ and ‘ economic ’ — it appears that when the stress moves away from the syllable containing the vowel becomes .
other phonologists have suggested that is an allophone of several other vowels ; for example , compare the middle two syllables in the words ‘ economy ’ and ‘ economic ’ — it appears that when the stress moves away from the syllable [having] the vowel becomes .

Now expand the following tonic syllables by putting heads in front of them , containing the number of stressed syllables indicated in brackets .
now expand the following tonic syllables by putting heads in front of them , [having] the number of stressed syllables indicated in brackets .

Another new addition to the range is a mixed pack , containing three yellow and three red tomatoes .
another new addition to the range is a mixed pack , [having] three yellow and three red tomatoes .

What makes them different to other chemicals containing chlorine is their molecular make-up .
what makes them different to other chemicals [having] chlorine is their molecular make-up .

By 1940 the level had doubled and 40 years on had trebled , suggesting that the majority of dioxins originate from fuel burning , particularly steam boilers and domestic fires burning coal , rather than the chemical industry or industrial products containing chlorine .
by 1940 the level had doubled and 40 years on had trebled , suggesting that the majority of dioxins originate from fuel burning , particularly steam boilers and domestic fires burning coal , rather than the chemical industry or industrial products [having] chlorine .

Those ‘ deemed ’ consents are being converted into ‘ determined ’ consents containing specific conditions to prevent environmental damage .
those ‘ deemed ’ consents are being converted into ‘ determined ’ consents [having] specific conditions to prevent environmental damage .

The company pleaded guilty at Kirkby Magistrates ' Court to a total of 15 charges , including having for sale six packs of sausages containing fat which had gone rancid and two packets of meat contaminated by mould .
the company pleaded guilty at kirkby magistrates ' court to a total of 15 charges , including having for sale six packs of sausages [having] fat which had gone rancid and two packets of meat contaminated by mould .

We were given a carrier bag containing a block of chocolate , crackers , corned beef , condensed milk , and we got on the train at Lime Street station .
we were given a carrier bag [having] a block of chocolate , crackers , corned beef , condensed milk , and we got on the train at lime street station .

The pensioner had a handbag containing £400 ripped from her grasp when he struck in Old Roan .
the pensioner had a handbag [having] £400 ripped from her grasp when he struck in old roan .

After removing her shoes according to the Korean custom , she demonstrated her dexterity with chopsticks as she popped a delicate roll containing shredded beef and mustard sauce into her mouth .
after removing her shoes according to the korean custom , she demonstrated her dexterity with chopsticks as she popped a delicate roll [having] shredded beef and mustard sauce into her mouth .

One of the men brandished a jagged-edge Bowie knife and demanded that 25-year-old Julie handed over her handbag containing £95 .
one of the men brandished a jagged-edge bowie knife and demanded that 25-year-old julie handed over her handbag [having] £95 .

Julie , 25 , of Upper Stanhope Street , Toxteth , was forced to hand over the bag containing £95 income support to another member of the gang .
julie , 25 , of upper stanhope street , toxteth , was forced to hand over the bag [having] £95 income support to another member of the gang .

Work on the production line starts in the next couple of days with the sales of the Vauxhall Cavalier and Opel Vextra containing the engine expected next spring .
work on the production line starts in the next couple of days with the sales of the vauxhall cavalier and opel vextra [having] the engine expected next spring .

More than 100 firemen battled with a fire at the company 's Alloprene plant and had to brave clouds containing hydrochloric acid to try to extinguish the fire .
more than 100 firemen battled with a fire at the company 's alloprene plant and had to brave clouds [having] hydrochloric acid to try to extinguish the fire .

Our largest source of sulphur dioxide is the power station where fossil fuels containing sulphur are burnt to provide electricity .
our largest source of sulphur dioxide is the power station where fossil fuels [having] sulphur are burnt to provide electricity .

It stemmed from the outbreak of Minamata disease among the Japanese who had eaten fish and shellfish containing substantial quantities of organic mercury compounds — found to have originated from the direct discharge of factory effluent .
it stemmed from the outbreak of minamata disease among the japanese who had eaten fish and shellfish [having] substantial quantities of organic mercury compounds — found to have originated from the direct discharge of factory effluent .

Directors and managers put envelopes containing money — destined for the workforce — in the pig 's snout , ears or mouth .
directors and managers put envelopes [having] money — destined for the workforce — in the pig 's snout , ears or mouth .

For industry , incineration can be the ideal solution when dealing with organic compounds — particularly those containing carbon , hydrogen and oxygen which need to be completely destroyed .
for industry , incineration can be the ideal solution when dealing with organic compounds — particularly those [having] carbon , hydrogen and oxygen which need to be completely destroyed .

The same principle would also apply to chords containing a minor third :
the same principle would also apply to chords [having] a minor third :

It must have been very strange making an album containing many familiar Queen attributes , but without Freddie .
it must have been very strange making an album [having] many familiar queen attributes , but without freddie .

Opening the case containing a new guitar from Patrick Eggle is , for me , a trying experience .
opening the case [having] a new guitar from patrick eggle is , for me , a trying experience .

The neck itself is a sturdy five-piece laminate , three pieces of maple sandwiching two of walnut , finished off with a plain ebony fretboard containing wide oval nickel-silver frets .
the neck itself is a sturdy five-piece laminate , three pieces of maple sandwiching two of walnut , finished off with a plain ebony fretboard [having] wide oval nickel-silver frets .

In terms of style it 's like a short Bach piece containing lots of idiomatic motifs and pedal tone ideas .
in terms of style it 's like a short bach piece [having] lots of idiomatic motifs and pedal tone ideas .

This month 's choice is from Paul Savides of Stanwell , who asked for Ramble On , a song containing a very gentle verse pattern which contrasts greatly with the heavy , busy choruses .
this month 's choice is from paul savides of stanwell , who asked for ramble on , a song [having] a very gentle verse pattern which contrasts greatly with the heavy , busy choruses .

However , this product has a better pedigree , being formulated by the Louisiana State University and containing amino acids found to trigger the feeding impulse .
however , this product has a better pedigree , being formulated by the louisiana state university and [having] amino acids found to trigger the feeding impulse .

They are kept in a 36″ × 15″ × 12″ community tank containing a total of 25 fish , including Mollies , Albino Sharks and an Angelfish . Will my tank be big enough for all these fish when they are fully grown ?
they are kept in a 36″ × 15″ × 12″ community tank [having] a total of 25 fish , including mollies , albino sharks and an angelfish . will my tank be big enough for all these fish when they are fully grown ?

Our three month old Seabray systemised set-up has an Eheim 2252 containing two sponges , and an overtank trickle filter .
our three month old seabray systemised set-up has an eheim 2252 [having] two sponges , and an overtank trickle filter .

Remove affected fish to a small , clean tank or bucket containing aquarium water and treat as per manufacturers instruction with general antiparasite solution .
remove affected fish to a small , clean tank or bucket [having] aquarium water and treat as per manufacturers instruction with general antiparasite solution .

Even the standard range features chambers — the first containing 4″ diameter brushes .
even the standard range features chambers — the first [having] 4″ diameter brushes .

This is duly hooked up to its stablemate , an Ampeg 1510 cab , containing one 15″ and one 10″ speaker with an attenuable horn to augment the higher frequencies .
this is duly hooked up to its stablemate , an ampeg 1510 cab , [having] one 15″ and one 10″ speaker with an attenuable horn to augment the higher frequencies .

We opt to check out the Boogie rig , which consists of the 12 6L6-powered 400+ head at £1385 , accompanied by a cab containing 2x15s , at £745 .
we opt to check out the boogie rig , which consists of the 12 6l6-powered 400+ head at £1385 , accompanied by a cab [having] 2x15s , at £745 .

It is like having a large array of small drawers containing electronic components .
it is like having a large array of small drawers [having] electronic components .

There could also be parts of the universe containing more anti-matter than matter .
there could also be parts of the universe [having] more anti-matter than matter .

Scientists interpreting the greenhouse effect today know that the oceans act as a massive ‘ sink ’ containing fifty times as much carbon as the atmosphere , mostly dissolved in the form of bicarbonate .
scientists interpreting the greenhouse effect today know that the oceans act as a massive ‘ sink ’ [having] fifty times as much carbon as the atmosphere , mostly dissolved in the form of bicarbonate .

Many had protective foils like thorns and spines , with much of the plant tissue containing rock-hard phytoliths or tough fibrous cellulose .
many had protective foils like thorns and spines , with much of the plant tissue [having] rock-hard phytoliths or tough fibrous cellulose .

Scientists excavating the fossilized remains of about twenty nests containing from 1 to 24 eggs each , in southern Alberta near the border between Canada and the United States in 1987 , suggest that dinosaurs were more socially complex than was first thought .
scientists excavating the fossilized remains of about twenty nests [having] from 1 to 24 eggs each , in southern alberta near the border between canada and the united states in 1987 , suggest that dinosaurs were more socially complex than was first thought .

On the sound stage , the production designer John Robert Lloyd built a huge apartment containing a workable kitchen to represent John 's ‘ pad ’ .
on the sound stage , the production designer john robert lloyd built a huge apartment [having] a workable kitchen to represent john 's ‘ pad ’ .

In an aquarium or pond system containing growing fish , the ammonia excretion levels are high .
in an aquarium or pond system [having] growing fish , the ammonia excretion levels are high .

These rocks are covered in algae after being in a small tank under an ordinary 60 watt bulb and not containing fish .
these rocks are covered in algae after being in a small tank under an ordinary 60 watt bulb and not [having] fish .

Be careful not to use treatments containing bactericides , as these will render your filter useless .
be careful not to use treatments [having] bactericides , as these will render your filter useless .

Just send back your completed questionnaire with your cheque and in return you 'll receive a presentation folder containing full details of Pauline 's design .
just send back your completed questionnaire with your cheque and in return you 'll receive a presentation folder [having] full details of pauline 's design .

You will take home a goodie-bag , worth about £20 , containing all the materials you have used during the day , including brushes and stencils , along with several helpful leaflets .
you will take home a goodie-bag , worth about £20 , [having] all the materials you have used during the day , including brushes and stencils , along with several helpful leaflets .

Secure loosely with a piece of string or an elastic band and put on to a microwave-safe roasting rack over a disk containing 3 tbsp stock .
secure loosely with a piece of string or an elastic band and put on to a microwave-safe roasting rack over a disk [having] 3 tbsp stock .

After perming , a neutraliser containing conditioning ingredients is applied to smooth the surface of the hair .
after perming , a neutraliser [having] conditioning ingredients is applied to smooth the surface of the hair .

Prices from £12.50 to £38 ( inc. delivery ) ; We have 50 baskets containing three cheeses , biscuits and chutney ( worth £20 ) to give away .
prices from £12.50 to £38 ( inc. delivery ) ; we have 50 baskets [having] three cheeses , biscuits and chutney ( worth £20 ) to give away .

With the help of sugarcraft specialists Woodnutts , we have put together kits containing all the accessories and food colourings required for completing our three cakes .
with the help of sugarcraft specialists woodnutts , we have put together kits [having] all the accessories and food colourings required for completing our three cakes .

Particularly worrisome were the fruit drinks , which projected a wholesome image while containing sugar in some form or another .
particularly worrisome were the fruit drinks , which projected a wholesome image while [having] sugar in some form or another .

You must have been familiar then with the books containing transcribed guitar parts from albums — and now you see your own work presented that way .
you must have been familiar then with the books [having] transcribed guitar parts from albums — and now you see your own work presented that way .

There is also a legendary site containing a Druids Circle in Kerry Pit Way .
there is also a legendary site [having] a druids circle in kerry pit way .

Percy Marlborough Stewart left to the people of Pocklington his collection of water-lilies , one of the finest in Europe , and the Stewart collection containing illustrations and objects of the many countries of the world which he visited on his hunting expeditions .
percy marlborough stewart left to the people of pocklington his collection of water-lilies , one of the finest in europe , and the stewart collection [having] illustrations and objects of the many countries of the world which he visited on his hunting expeditions .

Even where food is plentiful , societies accustomed to a diet containing a high percentage of cereal foods , fruit and vegetables , all rich in natural fibre , do not become overweight .
even where food is plentiful , societies accustomed to a diet [having] a high percentage of cereal foods , fruit and vegetables , all rich in natural fibre , do not become overweight .

When the faeces are finally expelled , many studies have shown that this waste matter has a higher calorie content than that excreted by people following a normal Western diet containing refined carbohydrates .
when the faeces are finally expelled , many studies have shown that this waste matter has a higher calorie content than that excreted by people following a normal western diet [having] refined carbohydrates .

These catfish have been bred in captivity in tanks containing African Rift Valley cichlids , although there have been one or two reports of them scattering their eggs in the substrate in the usual Synodontis fashion when no cichlids were present .
these catfish have been bred in captivity in tanks [having] african rift valley cichlids , although there have been one or two reports of them scattering their eggs in the substrate in the usual synodontis fashion when no cichlids were present .

Rockdwelling species , like Neolamprologus brevis will do well in a set-up containing Goby Cichlids .
rockdwelling species , like neolamprologus brevis will do well in a set-up [having] goby cichlids .

Mr. Novak placed them in a 35 gallon tank containing three large Echinodorus Sword plants and a great deal of driftwood .
mr. novak placed them in a 35 gallon tank [having] three large echinodorus sword plants and a great deal of driftwood .

In the corner of his room stands one of several tanks in his collection , containing a selection of community fish and plants .
in the corner of his room stands one of several tanks in his collection , [having] a selection of community fish and plants .

Outside he has a small pond , containing Goldfish , Rosy Barbs , Mosquito fish , Guppies and Corydoras aeneus , many of which have spawned outside during the summer .
outside he has a small pond , [having] goldfish , rosy barbs , mosquito fish , guppies and corydoras aeneus , many of which have spawned outside during the summer .

The pipes are surrounded by baked clay and the cartridges fit through a drilled basket containing Siporax .
the pipes are surrounded by baked clay and the cartridges fit through a drilled basket [having] siporax .

Various ways of studying water strongly suggest that it is in a similar category — that is , it is a fluid containing clusters of water polymers of varying sizes which are continually changing and reforming .
various ways of studying water strongly suggest that it is in a similar category — that is , it is a fluid [having] clusters of water polymers of varying sizes which are continually changing and reforming .

’ ( Morgan 1978 : 21 ) Furthermore , she argues that unless some inroad is made now into reducing or containing the problem of street crime , the loss of community will spread outwards , like a cancerous growth , to desirable middle-class areas in the city .
’ ( morgan 1978 : 21 ) furthermore , she argues that unless some inroad is made now into reducing or [having] the problem of street crime , the loss of community will spread outwards , like a cancerous growth , to desirable middle-class areas in the city .

Only one thing worried me — my trunks , particularly the one containing all my own medical ‘ supplies ’ .
only one thing worried me — my trunks , particularly the one [having] all my own medical ‘ supplies ’ .

On the north and south sides , the base is divided into a sub-base 24 inches high , each side containing 104 interchangeable cedar-wood drawers 11 inches long and 3½ inches wide and deep to store the contents when necessary .
on the north and south sides , the base is divided into a sub-base 24 inches high , each side [having] 104 interchangeable cedar-wood drawers 11 inches long and 3½ inches wide and deep to store the contents when necessary .

Unglazed and firmly closed against small fingers , these are the medicine cabinets containing invalid food , ‘ Torch ’ brand hydrogen , Allenbury 's vaseline , swabs , bandages and splints .
unglazed and firmly closed against small fingers , these are the medicine cabinets [having] invalid food , ‘ torch ’ brand hydrogen , allenbury 's vaseline , swabs , bandages and splints .

And he said : ‘ That mob could have gone in against a team containing Mike Tyson and Joe Frazier and looked after themselves .
and he said : ‘ that mob could have gone in against a team [having] mike tyson and joe frazier and looked after themselves .

When first grown , the top of the fungus is coated in a black sticky jelly containing spores .
when first grown , the top of the fungus is coated in a black sticky jelly [having] spores .

In this way strings containing non-occurring sequences of letters will be rejected .
in this way strings [having] non-occurring sequences of letters will be rejected .

The transition probabilities used were based on a text containing 10,000 letters , with zero probabilities converted to a small value to enable computation .
the transition probabilities used were based on a text [having] 10,000 letters , with zero probabilities converted to a small value to enable computation .

Shinghal and Toussaint estimated their transitional probabilities from a corpus of English text containing 531,445 words .
shinghal and toussaint estimated their transitional probabilities from a corpus of english text [having] 531,445 words .

Using the binary tree structure , a successful search is when a node in the tree is reached containing the candidate string .
using the binary tree structure , a successful search is when a node in the tree is reached [having] the candidate string .

They got out a bag containing balloons and presents for Harry 's birthday bash , which will be held without his parents .
they got out a bag [having] balloons and presents for harry 's birthday bash , which will be held without his parents .

The flaming fuselage smashed into two nine-storey blocks each containing 200 flats — leaving at least 300 injured .
the flaming fuselage smashed into two nine-storey blocks each [having] 200 flats — leaving at least 300 injured .

‘ There were dozens of holdalls like mine on offer , all containing the tools of the trade .
‘ there were dozens of holdalls like mine on offer , all [having] the tools of the trade .

‘ At 6pm , Dr Greenson went to Marilyn 's house and gave her an enema containing a strong dose of sedating drugs .
‘ at 6pm , dr greenson went to marilyn 's house and gave her an enema [having] a strong dose of sedating drugs .

One is the body of law containing rules governing the resort to armed conflict ( jus ad bellum ) .
one is the body of law [having] rules governing the resort to armed conflict ( jus ad bellum ) .

Hawk had sent him a parcel containing a bisected apple : red outside , white inside .
hawk had sent him a parcel [having] a bisected apple : red outside , white inside .

Thus , there may be within the Department of Health and Social Security , a Ministry of Social Security , containing a Pensions Branch .
thus , there may be within the department of health and social security , a ministry of social security , [having] a pensions branch .

Governments nowadays rarely seek to secure parliamentary endorsement for Acts containing very wide or uncontrollable powers and this fact , together with the surveillance exercised by the scrutiny committee render this one of the most efficiently discharged of Parliament 's functions .
governments nowadays rarely seek to secure parliamentary endorsement for acts [having] very wide or uncontrollable powers and this fact , together with the surveillance exercised by the scrutiny committee render this one of the most efficiently discharged of parliament 's functions .

We found , and searched , a by-now passengerless train and eventually located a luggage van containing an enormous , hairy , and morose dog in one corner and a small morose guard in the other .
we found , and searched , a by-now passengerless train and eventually located a luggage van [having] an enormous , hairy , and morose dog in one corner and a small morose guard in the other .

Certainly , dog loos are an option , but many are extremely expensive , or not 100 per cent safe , containing chemicals which can be toxic to people , pets and soil .
certainly , dog loos are an option , but many are extremely expensive , or not 100 per cent safe , [having] chemicals which can be toxic to people , pets and soil .

Following some other reasonable sections you arrive at the final part , a big up-scroller containing the credits , thank and usual stuff .
following some other reasonable sections you arrive at the final part , a big up-scroller [having] the credits , thank and usual stuff .

Before you get to see the demo , you have to flick through some text pages containing interesting pieces about the ‘ incident ’ , making you think about what happened .
before you get to see the demo , you have to flick through some text pages [having] interesting pieces about the ‘ incident ’ , making you think about what happened .

The first contains a few records , so collect them and slide down the ice into the water , this is extremely easy so just use the map to reach the room containing the concert poster , records and a ‘ ?
the first contains a few records , so collect them and slide down the ice into the water , this is extremely easy so just use the map to reach the room [having] the concert poster , records and a ‘ ?

Lure cockroaches into a jar containing sweets or stale beer .
lure cockroaches into a jar [having] sweets or stale beer .

Meanwhile cook the two types of spaghetti together in a pan containing plenty of boiling salted water for 8–10 mins until ‘ al dente ’ : tender , but still retaining some bite .
meanwhile cook the two types of spaghetti together in a pan [having] plenty of boiling salted water for 8–10 mins until ‘ al dente ’ : tender , but still retaining some bite .

We walked through the gloomy , echoing streets to the pub , past turdy parks , past the Victorian school with outside toilets , past the numerous bomb-sites which were our true playgrounds and sexual schools , and past the neat gardens and scores of front rooms containing familiar strangers and televisions shining like dying lights .
we walked through the gloomy , echoing streets to the pub , past turdy parks , past the victorian school with outside toilets , past the numerous bomb-sites which were our true playgrounds and sexual schools , and past the neat gardens and scores of front rooms [having] familiar strangers and televisions shining like dying lights .

But there were no more parties in that house of the half-dead , just the old place containing one transformed and one broken person .
but there were no more parties in that house of the half-dead , just the old place [having] one transformed and one broken person .

In the drawing room , where they had drunk their pre-dinner sherry , Dalgliesh had a sense of a room which deliberately rejected the past , containing nothing which could violate the owner 's essential privacy ; no family history in photograph or portrait , no shabby heirlooms given room out of nostalgia , sentimentality or family piety , no antiques collected over the years .
in the drawing room , where they had drunk their pre-dinner sherry , dalgliesh had a sense of a room which deliberately rejected the past , [having] nothing which could violate the owner 's essential privacy ; no family history in photograph or portrait , no shabby heirlooms given room out of nostalgia , sentimentality or family piety , no antiques collected over the years .

One of our favourites is Laboratoires Garnier Synergie Dry Skin Daily Nourishing Cream containing Karite , a rich vegetable butter .
one of our favourites is laboratoires garnier synergie dry skin daily nourishing cream [having] karite , a rich vegetable butter .

Use your best quest card and play the game ! If your eighth move leaves you on a circle containing a prize , it 's yours . See left for details
use your best quest card and play the game ! if your eighth move leaves you on a circle [having] a prize , it 's yours . see left for details

You can only claim a prize if your eighth and final move leaves you on a circle containing a prize .
you can only claim a prize if your eighth and final move leaves you on a circle [having] a prize .

• Add up your logos As you make your eight moves , you may land on circles containing a best logo .
• add up your logos as you make your eight moves , you may land on circles [having] a best logo .

Youth leader replaced trough containing curdled food
youth leader replaced trough [having] curdled food

This is supplied in a pack containing two tubes — one adhesive , the other hardener — which are mixed in equal amounts .
this is supplied in a pack [having] two tubes — one adhesive , the other hardener — which are mixed in equal amounts .

Prepare a small box or bag containing ordinary household items for each of the expected guests .
prepare a small box or bag [having] ordinary household items for each of the expected guests .

Then read from a list of words containing up to six letters , one at a time .
then read from a list of words [having] up to six letters , one at a time .

The secret is that you have an accomplice who places the handle of the mug containing the coin in a predetermined position , such as with the handle at three o'clock .
the secret is that you have an accomplice who places the handle of the mug [having] the coin in a predetermined position , such as with the handle at three o'clock .

The tour , also containing three one-day internationals , will take place if sponsorship can be found .
the tour , also [having] three one-day internationals , will take place if sponsorship can be found .

The studies reviewed by Gough , Taylor and Boddy ( 1987 ) varied from demonstration projects to narrow experimental designs , with many studies falling in between and containing aspects of both models .
the studies reviewed by gough , taylor and boddy ( 1987 ) varied from demonstration projects to narrow experimental designs , with many studies falling in between and [having] aspects of both models .

Briefly , the diagnosis of ulcerative colitis was based on the presence of at least three of the following four criteria : a typical history of diarrhoea ; stools containing blood and pus , or both , for more than one week or in repeated episodes ; a typical sigmoidoscopic appearance , with granulated friable mucosa or ulcerations , or both ; histological or cytological signs of inflammation ; and radiological or colonoscopic signs of ulcerations with or without spiculation or granulation of the inner surface of the colon proximal to the rectum .
briefly , the diagnosis of ulcerative colitis was based on the presence of at least three of the following four criteria : a typical history of diarrhoea ; stools [having] blood and pus , or both , for more than one week or in repeated episodes ; a typical sigmoidoscopic appearance , with granulated friable mucosa or ulcerations , or both ; histological or cytological signs of inflammation ; and radiological or colonoscopic signs of ulcerations with or without spiculation or granulation of the inner surface of the colon proximal to the rectum .

At that time it was not realised that the investigating team were already in possession of the evidence necessary to determine the cause of the accident and it was entirely fortuitous that the body that was removed from under the pathologist 's nose was not one containing vital evidence .
at that time it was not realised that the investigating team were already in possession of the evidence necessary to determine the cause of the accident and it was entirely fortuitous that the body that was removed from under the pathologist 's nose was not one [having] vital evidence .

In 1944 representatives of every allied government met in Chicago and drew up a convention containing ninety-six articles which were to provide the framework upon which civil aviation could be rebuilt after the end of the Second World War .
in 1944 representatives of every allied government met in chicago and drew up a convention [having] ninety-six articles which were to provide the framework upon which civil aviation could be rebuilt after the end of the second world war .

The Energy Efficiency Office has produced an information pack containing details of how your business can improve its energy efficiency .
the energy efficiency office has produced an information pack [having] details of how your business can improve its energy efficiency .

• Special editors ' notes containing useful hints and tips .
• special editors ' notes [having] useful hints and tips .

These original and authorised edition of twelve Beatrix Potter favourites feature new colour reproductions of the original illustrations and come beautifully presented in the delightful gift boxes , each containing four books .
these original and authorised edition of twelve beatrix potter favourites feature new colour reproductions of the original illustrations and come beautifully presented in the delightful gift boxes , each [having] four books .

It was his development of special thermometer glass with glass capillaries containing liquid that made such accurate measurement feasible .
it was his development of special thermometer glass with glass capillaries [having] liquid that made such accurate measurement feasible .

Styling like this deserves only the best materials and so Sub 4 have chosen fabric containing Atrex by Arova of Switzerland .
styling like this deserves only the best materials and so sub 4 have chosen fabric [having] atrex by arova of switzerland .

As a result , geophysical surveys have been made of saltern mounds on the Lincolnshire coast , terrace gravels near the Trent containing evidence of Roman settlement , and a deserted medieval village under threat from road improvements in Leicestershire .
as a result , geophysical surveys have been made of saltern mounds on the lincolnshire coast , terrace gravels near the trent [having] evidence of roman settlement , and a deserted medieval village under threat from road improvements in leicestershire .

The Permo-Triassic sedimentary rocks of the Solway Basin conceal a major NNE-trending syncline containing a thick succession of Upper Palaeozoic ( ?
the permo-triassic sedimentary rocks of the solway basin conceal a major nne-trending syncline [having] a thick succession of upper palaeozoic ( ?

Interbedded with these are glacier-derived muds containing the skeletons of small pelagic organisms , and mounds of sediments that have been accumulated by currents flowing along the continental slope .
interbedded with these are glacier-derived muds [having] the skeletons of small pelagic organisms , and mounds of sediments that have been accumulated by currents flowing along the continental slope .

In the Thame and Exeter areas , project geotechnical databases each containing about 2000 records have been analysed to summarise the geotechnical properties of geological formations within each area and characterise them in engineering terms .
in the thame and exeter areas , project geotechnical databases each [having] about 2000 records have been analysed to summarise the geotechnical properties of geological formations within each area and characterise them in engineering terms .

Geophysical surveys resulting from the initiative have been made to study saltern mounds on the Lincolnshire coast ( for Lindsey Archaeological Services and English Heritage ) ; to delineate terrace gravels near the Trent containing evidence of Roman settlement ( Trent and Peak Archaeological Trust and Steetly Products Ltd ) ; and to define the extent of a deserted medieval village under threat from road improvements ( Leicestershire County Council ) .
geophysical surveys resulting from the initiative have been made to study saltern mounds on the lincolnshire coast ( for lindsey archaeological services and english heritage ) ; to delineate terrace gravels near the trent [having] evidence of roman settlement ( trent and peak archaeological trust and steetly products ltd ) ; and to define the extent of a deserted medieval village under threat from road improvements ( leicestershire county council ) .

The investigations of Quaternary sediments identified palaeochannels containing important environmental material contemporaneous with the nearby site .
the investigations of quaternary sediments identified palaeochannels [having] important environmental material contemporaneous with the nearby site .

Fielding a side containing only one recognised striker , Braintree still had too much all-round power for their visitors .
fielding a side [having] only one recognised striker , braintree still had too much all-round power for their visitors .

The court heard that eventually , the police went to a flat and found a tin containing 35 condoms .
the court heard that eventually , the police went to a flat and found a tin [having] 35 condoms .

Apart from the elderly living alone , married couples predominate as the type of household containing elderly people in need of care … Over half the severely disabled elderly are living only with the spouse and exactly half the spouses caring for an elderly disabled partner are men .
apart from the elderly living alone , married couples predominate as the type of household [having] elderly people in need of care … over half the severely disabled elderly are living only with the spouse and exactly half the spouses caring for an elderly disabled partner are men .

However , the difficulties of containing risk go far beyond the immediate physical environment ; they relate also to old people 's capacity for self-care , keeping themselves clean , feeding themselves and so on .
however , the difficulties of [having] risk go far beyond the immediate physical environment ; they relate also to old people 's capacity for self-care , keeping themselves clean , feeding themselves and so on .

If possible these assessments should be conducted in settings containing opportunities to stimulate the familiar routines of practical consciousness — something unlikely in most interview rooms .
if possible these assessments should be conducted in settings [having] opportunities to stimulate the familiar routines of practical consciousness — something unlikely in most interview rooms .

He was carrying a white plastic bag containing some large articles and with the word ‘ Halfords ’ printed on the side .
he was carrying a white plastic bag [having] some large articles and with the word ‘ halfords ’ printed on the side .

Figure 2.3 : Plans of sunken featured buildings containing textile manufacturing equipment . Clay loomweights are frequently found lying in the bottom of the pit in rows and irregular heaps
figure 2.3 : plans of sunken featured buildings [having] textile manufacturing equipment . clay loomweights are frequently found lying in the bottom of the pit in rows and irregular heaps

Brisbane ( 1981 ) has suggested three modes of production for pottery in early Anglo-Saxon England ; vessels for domestic use were made on settlements ; specialised vessels were made for funerary use , both as a grave-good with inhumation burials and for containing cremated remains ; and a relatively small quantity of imported wares .
brisbane ( 1981 ) has suggested three modes of production for pottery in early anglo-saxon england ; vessels for domestic use were made on settlements ; specialised vessels were made for funerary use , both as a grave-good with inhumation burials and for [having] cremated remains ; and a relatively small quantity of imported wares .

Vessels may have been used for eating , drinking , containing and carrying liquids , but each type may have had a specific function such as the use of open bowls as lamps .
vessels may have been used for eating , drinking , [having] and carrying liquids , but each type may have had a specific function such as the use of open bowls as lamps .

This may imply that in cremating areas the vessels were made a certain size for the specific function of containing the ashes , whereas in areas practising inhumation there may not have been such specialised production , the vessels being drawn from the domestic stock .
this may imply that in cremating areas the vessels were made a certain size for the specific function of [having] the ashes , whereas in areas practising inhumation there may not have been such specialised production , the vessels being drawn from the domestic stock .

The new No. 10 Catalogue is certainly his most comprehensive to date , containing every aspect of lighting from candle lamps to the most modern halogen spotlamp .
the new no. 10 catalogue is certainly his most comprehensive to date , [having] every aspect of lighting from candle lamps to the most modern halogen spotlamp .

Sometimes we get feedback : in the 1991 campaign on Morocco , over 10,000 members sent birthday cards to King Hassan containing a message about human rights ; as part of our campaign for the inclusion of human rights within the National Curriculum , over 3000 letters were written by members to MPs and ministers .
sometimes we get feedback : in the 1991 campaign on morocco , over 10,000 members sent birthday cards to king hassan [having] a message about human rights ; as part of our campaign for the inclusion of human rights within the national curriculum , over 3000 letters were written by members to mps and ministers .

The White Doe of Rylstone ( written 1807–8 ) is a very difficult poem , containing a sympathetic account of the Catholic Rising in the North in 1569 .
the white doe of rylstone ( written 1807–8 ) is a very difficult poem , [having] a sympathetic account of the catholic rising in the north in 1569 .

We then test columns containing the remaining non-basic variables by checking whether ( 9.8 ) has a non-negative solution with , for column j .
we then test columns [having] the remaining non-basic variables by checking whether ( 9.8 ) has a non-negative solution with , for column j .

It may happen that the optimal tableau of LPk for some k has for all in a row i containing a structural variable x r and is not integral .
it may happen that the optimal tableau of lpk for some k has for all in a row i [having] a structural variable x r and is not integral .

Dry manager Leroy Richardson was frogmarched to a safe containing the weekend 's takings .
dry manager leroy richardson was frogmarched to a safe [having] the weekend 's takings .

Their debut album — apart from containing the remarkable ‘ Bustin ' Out ’ , sung by Labelle 's Nona Hendryx — also features Chic 's Nile Rodgers and Tony Thompson and the first recorded appearance of Whitney Houston .
their debut album — apart from [having] the remarkable ‘ bustin ' out ’ , sung by labelle 's nona hendryx — also features chic 's nile rodgers and tony thompson and the first recorded appearance of whitney houston .

The ultimate sanction of oppositional nationalism is to claim legitimation for its own armed force against the armed force of the allegedly containing state .
the ultimate sanction of oppositional nationalism is to claim legitimation for its own armed force against the armed force of the allegedly [having] state .

‘ Soul ’ is established as a category containing phenomena as disparate as Professor Paul Davies ' conviction that what we know of the universe points to a grand design , Miriam Rothschild 's delight in the beauty of her biological subject matter , and Oliver Sacks ' realisation that his patients ' brains do not resemble computers .
‘ soul ’ is established as a category [having] phenomena as disparate as professor paul davies ' conviction that what we know of the universe points to a grand design , miriam rothschild 's delight in the beauty of her biological subject matter , and oliver sacks ' realisation that his patients ' brains do not resemble computers .

square , containing extremely complex electronic circuitry which can be used either as the central processing unit or the memory of a computer .
square , [having] extremely complex electronic circuitry which can be used either as the central processing unit or the memory of a computer .

The Cord Maker comes complete with an explanatory instruction leaflet , containing suggestions for using the finished braids and cords .
the cord maker comes complete with an explanatory instruction leaflet , [having] suggestions for using the finished braids and cords .

The program contains 100 colour palettes , each containing eight shades , or colour tones , all of which are infinitely adjustable .
the program contains 100 colour palettes , each [having] eight shades , or colour tones , all of which are infinitely adjustable .

You have now created a new and individual palette containing the colours you wish to use , all matched to your own yarn colours .
you have now created a new and individual palette [having] the colours you wish to use , all matched to your own yarn colours .

Thus a sweater with front and back in tuck stitch and sleeves in stocking stitch would have to be split into two files , one containing the front and back pieces and another containing the two sleeves .
thus a sweater with front and back in tuck stitch and sleeves in stocking stitch would have to be split into two files , one [having] the front and back pieces and another [having] the two sleeves .

My expatriate Brit colleague Nigel Moll , senior editor at Flying magazine in New York , was recently delivered of a big box containing a Kitfox .
my expatriate brit colleague nigel moll , senior editor at flying magazine in new york , was recently delivered of a big box [having] a kitfox .

Charged with meting out rights and privileges for all beings and entities at the time of Creation , he carried a small leather pouch on one hip containing the charms for immortality and reincarnation , while a large stone bucket to his other side contained materials for instigating death and decay .
charged with meting out rights and privileges for all beings and entities at the time of creation , he carried a small leather pouch on one hip [having] the charms for immortality and reincarnation , while a large stone bucket to his other side contained materials for instigating death and decay .

Secondly , if the handle has provision for containing the line , such as the Peter Powell or Shanti Sky-Claw , then keep the line permanently attached to the handle and use the handle as a core for winding-in .
secondly , if the handle has provision for [having] the line , such as the peter powell or shanti sky-claw , then keep the line permanently attached to the handle and use the handle as a core for winding-in .

Containing the first studio cut of ‘ No Woman No Cry ’ , versions of early Jamaicans singles ‘ Belly Full ’ , ‘ Bend Down Low ’ , ‘ Natty Dread ’ and ‘ Lively Up Yourself ’ , this is , superficially , a simple set of songs that went against the grain of the mesmeric dub that was then dominating reggae .
[having] the first studio cut of ‘ no woman no cry ’ , versions of early jamaicans singles ‘ belly full ’ , ‘ bend down low ’ , ‘ natty dread ’ and ‘ lively up yourself ’ , this is , superficially , a simple set of songs that went against the grain of the mesmeric dub that was then dominating reggae .

Containing the aching ‘ Johnny Wax ’ , the much-covered ‘ Crazy Baldhead ’ , a version of the rare ‘ Man To Man ’ in ‘ Who The Cap Fit ’ , and an adaptation of a Selassie speech , ‘ War ’ , that fitted perfectly with Marley 's Rasta and freedom doctrines , ‘ Rastaman Vibration ’ was not as easy going and energetic as its predecessors .
[having] the aching ‘ johnny wax ’ , the much-covered ‘ crazy baldhead ’ , a version of the rare ‘ man to man ’ in ‘ who the cap fit ’ , and an adaptation of a selassie speech , ‘ war ’ , that fitted perfectly with marley 's rasta and freedom doctrines , ‘ rastaman vibration ’ was not as easy going and energetic as its predecessors .

They reached the great river at Old Melrose , at the foot of Lauderdale , and followed it down to Kelso , where they had made contact with Sir Simon Fraser , who was not exactly besieging Balliol in Roxburgh Castle but containing him there , with the Warden 's force , to prevent him joining Edward Plantagenet at Berwick .
they reached the great river at old melrose , at the foot of lauderdale , and followed it down to kelso , where they had made contact with sir simon fraser , who was not exactly besieging balliol in roxburgh castle but [having] him there , with the warden 's force , to prevent him joining edward plantagenet at berwick .

The reason the market economy or catallaxy produces fresh wealth rather than simply redistributing existing wealth is critically bound up with the way in which market prices act as signals containing vital information .
the reason the market economy or catallaxy produces fresh wealth rather than simply redistributing existing wealth is critically bound up with the way in which market prices act as signals [having] vital information .

Mr Patrick O'Hara , spokesperson for the Ecological Study Group , claimed that the marsh land , which he described as an important area for wildlife containing 31 species of waders and wildfowl including some rare species , was zoned for industry in the council 's draft development plan .
mr patrick o'hara , spokesperson for the ecological study group , claimed that the marsh land , which he described as an important area for wildlife [having] 31 species of waders and wildfowl including some rare species , was zoned for industry in the council 's draft development plan .

On Friday 6 June night shift workers again took unofficial action when a mixed material containing asbestos dust spilled .
on friday 6 june night shift workers again took unofficial action when a mixed material [having] asbestos dust spilled .

Cut down on caffeine ( tea & coffee ) , dairy products and foods containing additives .
cut down on caffeine ( tea & coffee ) , dairy products and foods [having] additives .

If one thinks that a ‘ myth ’ is an ‘ old story containing within itself vestiges of some earlier state of religious belief ’ — like the Grail-legend with its hints of sacrificed kings and vegetation-rituals — then The Lord of the Rings definitely is not one .
if one thinks that a ‘ myth ’ is an ‘ old story [having] within itself vestiges of some earlier state of religious belief ’ — like the grail-legend with its hints of sacrificed kings and vegetation-rituals — then the lord of the rings definitely is not one .

At the end nearest the tube station was a block of shops containing a small supermarket run by Pakistanis , a Greek restaurant run by Cypriots , a triple-fronted emporium given over to the sale of motor-cycle spare parts and equipment and a paper shop run by people who when asked where they came from ingenuously replied that they were Cape Coloureds .
at the end nearest the tube station was a block of shops [having] a small supermarket run by pakistanis , a greek restaurant run by cypriots , a triple-fronted emporium given over to the sale of motor-cycle spare parts and equipment and a paper shop run by people who when asked where they came from ingenuously replied that they were cape coloureds .

In the corner farthest from the camera are propped lengths of beading with , to the right , a bracketed shelf on which sit a bottle and stone jars containing french polish .
in the corner farthest from the camera are propped lengths of beading with , to the right , a bracketed shelf on which sit a bottle and stone jars [having] french polish .

Some workmen digging for stone in the ruins of Bury St Edmunds Abbey in 1773 came across a wooden coffin containing a lead anthropoid shell .
some workmen digging for stone in the ruins of bury st edmunds abbey in 1773 came across a wooden coffin [having] a lead anthropoid shell .

The illuminated manuscripts known as Books of Hours , produced in the Lowlands during the fifteenth century , particularly those containing the Office of the Dead , not only show how corpses were dressed at that time but also indicate how the limbs were positioned .
the illuminated manuscripts known as books of hours , produced in the lowlands during the fifteenth century , particularly those [having] the office of the dead , not only show how corpses were dressed at that time but also indicate how the limbs were positioned .

Aläia was also expected to appear on the runway riding on the shoulders of Jean Paul Goude , but apparently he hid the bag containing his gold evening dress so he did n't have to do it .
aläia was also expected to appear on the runway riding on the shoulders of jean paul goude , but apparently he hid the bag [having] his gold evening dress so he did n't have to do it .

Create a file containing the application form , bank references , status reports and any other applicable notes or documents .
create a file [having] the application form , bank references , status reports and any other applicable notes or documents .

On top , he placed two more rolls of cheaper , coarser home-produced material and an oilskin pouch containing the tools of his trade — finely-honed shears , measuring tapes and a selection of threads and stainless steel needles , carefully graded in size .
on top , he placed two more rolls of cheaper , coarser home-produced material and an oilskin pouch [having] the tools of his trade — finely-honed shears , measuring tapes and a selection of threads and stainless steel needles , carefully graded in size .

Containing his curiosity for the moment , Vologsky smiled and adopted a more casual tone of voice .
[having] his curiosity for the moment , vologsky smiled and adopted a more casual tone of voice .

Tzann toyed with the sealed official envelope containing the briefing orders .
tzann toyed with the sealed official envelope [having] the briefing orders .

Instead , ClarisWorks has a toolbar running down the side of the screen , containing special icons which allow you to call up a worksheet or a graphic .
instead , clarisworks has a toolbar running down the side of the screen , [having] special icons which allow you to call up a worksheet or a graphic .

and there 's an injuries database containing extra info on everything from ankle sprains to bee stings to gunshot wounds and snake bites .
and there 's an injuries database [having] extra info on everything from ankle sprains to bee stings to gunshot wounds and snake bites .

The village of Belton was singular in containing several of decidedly slender means .
the village of belton was singular in [having] several of decidedly slender means .

The coastal villages were a little bigger , containing many landless peasants , represented by numerous 20s .
the coastal villages were a little bigger , [having] many landless peasants , represented by numerous 20s .

Even though the ranks of labourers were thinner and the level of wealth higher than in the west , tinning was not unknown in eastern parts , though parishes containing tinners differed little from ones that did not : not only were the former only slightly poorer in East hundred , but in West and Trigg they were actually rather better off .
even though the ranks of labourers were thinner and the level of wealth higher than in the west , tinning was not unknown in eastern parts , though parishes [having] tinners differed little from ones that did not : not only were the former only slightly poorer in east hundred , but in west and trigg they were actually rather better off .

In West Sussex in 1547 Richard Stygant of Yapton got leave to sublet three crofts containing 9 acres for five years , as did John Standen of Nutbourne in respect of a messuage , garden and 3 acres .
in west sussex in 1547 richard stygant of yapton got leave to sublet three crofts [having] 9 acres for five years , as did john standen of nutbourne in respect of a messuage , garden and 3 acres .

a certain type of complexity , the unity of a structured whole containing what can be called levels or instances which are distinct and ‘ relatively autonomous ’ , and coexist within this complex structural unity , articulated with one another according to specific determinations , fixed in the last instance by the level or instance of the economy . ( 97 )
a certain type of complexity , the unity of a structured whole [having] what can be called levels or instances which are distinct and ‘ relatively autonomous ’ , and coexist within this complex structural unity , articulated with one another according to specific determinations , fixed in the last instance by the level or instance of the economy . ( 97 )

Like traditional psychological methods , woman-centred methods idealize individual subjects , isolating and containing them .
like traditional psychological methods , woman-centred methods idealize individual subjects , isolating and [having] them .

Even if you are confident of your ability to manage a compost heap so that it becomes hot enough to cleanse itself of disease spores , there remains the risk of the subsequent compost matter containing thorns which are extremely resistant to decomposition .
even if you are confident of your ability to manage a compost heap so that it becomes hot enough to cleanse itself of disease spores , there remains the risk of the subsequent compost matter [having] thorns which are extremely resistant to decomposition .

and to give yourself a tablet containing the chemical contents in a concentrated form .
and to give yourself a tablet [having] the chemical contents in a concentrated form .

The palace of Anurion the Green , for example , is surrounded by terraced gardens containing many strange and exotic plants , some carnivorous , some sentient , some both .
the palace of anurion the green , for example , is surrounded by terraced gardens [having] many strange and exotic plants , some carnivorous , some sentient , some both .

After nearly a century of fruitless experimentation Caledor managed to divine the cause of the Chaos Invasion and devise a desperate plan for containing it .
after nearly a century of fruitless experimentation caledor managed to divine the cause of the chaos invasion and devise a desperate plan for [having] it .

There are many such areas , each containing a full or partial representation of the visual field , some of which receive a direct input from the primary area and some of which rely on indirect projections for their inputs .
there are many such areas , each [having] a full or partial representation of the visual field , some of which receive a direct input from the primary area and some of which rely on indirect projections for their inputs .

In the cat , in contrast , the lateral geniculate nucleus projects to two distinct , but adjacent , cortical zones ( areas 17 and 18 ) , each containing a representation of the entire visual field .
in the cat , in contrast , the lateral geniculate nucleus projects to two distinct , but adjacent , cortical zones ( areas 17 and 18 ) , each [having] a representation of the entire visual field .

There also exist many handbooks containing valuable data on more specialized subjects , such as the League of Nations economic reports .
there also exist many handbooks [having] valuable data on more specialized subjects , such as the league of nations economic reports .

In the Egyptian myth of Osiris , the dead body of a vegetation god was enclosed in a tree trunk ; at the palace of Byblos in Syria , a tree trunk allegedly containing the god 's corpse was used as a pillar .
in the egyptian myth of osiris , the dead body of a vegetation god was enclosed in a tree trunk ; at the palace of byblos in syria , a tree trunk allegedly [having] the god 's corpse was used as a pillar .

In a pillar crypt belonging to a building on the Gypsades Hill at Knossos , 200 small conical offering cups were found , still containing remains of vegetable matter .
in a pillar crypt belonging to a building on the gypsades hill at knossos , 200 small conical offering cups were found , still [having] remains of vegetable matter .

Licensed hawkers were circulating , braying the merits of spiced sausages containing only real animal protein — so they claimed .
licensed hawkers were circulating , braying the merits of spiced sausages [having] only real animal protein — so they claimed .

That Fido eats from the bowl of meat rather than from that containing eggplant is ‘ grounds for saying that the dog prefers his normal food ’ ( 85 ) .
that fido eats from the bowl of meat rather than from that [having] eggplant is ‘ grounds for saying that the dog prefers his normal food ’ ( 85 ) .

The containing ridges holding the Nfis lead the river eastwards for 50 miles as the crow flies , before the waters break north onto the Marrakech Plain .
the [having] ridges holding the nfis lead the river eastwards for 50 miles as the crow flies , before the waters break north onto the marrakech plain .

The 18th-century mountain traveller John Macculloch described Sutherlands as containing ‘ mountains which seem as if they had tumbled from the clouds , having nothing to do with the country or each other .
the 18th-century mountain traveller john macculloch described sutherlands as [having] ‘ mountains which seem as if they had tumbled from the clouds , having nothing to do with the country or each other .

files containing bit-map graphics ) using electronic mail .
files [having] bit-map graphics ) using electronic mail .

Care should be taken when working with soffits made from any material containing asbestos . Wear a simple dust mask and damp the material before cutting
care should be taken when working with soffits made from any material [having] asbestos . wear a simple dust mask and damp the material before cutting

Do n't use these outlets for appliances containing heating elements , though , in case you overload the adaptor .
do n't use these outlets for appliances [having] heating elements , though , in case you overload the adaptor .

Be ready to cope by assembling an emergency kit containing the following items :
be ready to cope by assembling an emergency kit [having] the following items :

Further items on display include a large bound pattern book from Lockett , Crossland & Co of Strangeways , which dates back to 1952 , containing over three and a half thousand samples of printed cotton fabric together with listings of the client firm for which it was produced .
further items on display include a large bound pattern book from lockett , crossland & co of strangeways , which dates back to 1952 , [having] over three and a half thousand samples of printed cotton fabric together with listings of the client firm for which it was produced .

The box containing the figure 1 is white and the rest black with white figures .
the box [having] the figure 1 is white and the rest black with white figures .

the same as the containing font , but italic .
the same as the [having] font , but italic .

the same as the containing font , but two points bigger .
the same as the [having] font , but two points bigger .

This can be represented by a context called Title with a property that its font is two points bigger than its containing font .
this can be represented by a context called title with a property that its font is two points bigger than its [having] font .

In each case the containing font may be of a different size , but the title will adapt .
in each case the [having] font may be of a different size , but the title will adapt .

one point bigger rather than two points , or , as a last fall-back , exactly the same as the containing font .
one point bigger rather than two points , or , as a last fall-back , exactly the same as the [having] font .

If , instead , there are hundreds of documents , each containing a copy of a given context-specification , then making the change becomes next to impossible .
if , instead , there are hundreds of documents , each [having] a copy of a given context-specification , then making the change becomes next to impossible .

20 % redder than the containing colour .
20 % redder than the [having] colour .

Any statement containing such labels is called a ‘ fuzzy ’ .
any statement [having] such labels is called a ‘ fuzzy ’ .

The remaining three peaks of the west ridge ( Loughshannagh , Carn and Muck ) are not especially exciting , but below the ridge to the east is a broad shelf containing the beautiful little lake of Lough Shannagh and ending abruptly at the top of the Ben Crom cliffs .
the remaining three peaks of the west ridge ( loughshannagh , carn and muck ) are not especially exciting , but below the ridge to the east is a broad shelf [having] the beautiful little lake of lough shannagh and ending abruptly at the top of the ben crom cliffs .

Products containing keratin such as Clynol 's Apres Colour Bath and Balsam , around £7.95 each from Clynol appointed salons , claim to help rebuild battered hair and improve its resistance .
products [having] keratin such as clynol 's apres colour bath and balsam , around £7.95 each from clynol appointed salons , claim to help rebuild battered hair and improve its resistance .

Containing our new series we suggest some possible mixes .
[having] our new series we suggest some possible mixes .

It would be folly to add any new fish to a tank containing a breeding pair of cichlids — even peaceful ones , like Severums .
it would be folly to add any new fish to a tank [having] a breeding pair of cichlids — even peaceful ones , like severums .

Thick Lipped Gouramis will do well in a large planted tank containing peaceful community fish .
thick lipped gouramis will do well in a large planted tank [having] peaceful community fish .

At this point it is best to remove the glass or perspex sheet with the eggs attached and transfer it to another tank containing 5–7.5 cms of water from the breeding tank .
at this point it is best to remove the glass or perspex sheet with the eggs attached and transfer it to another tank [having] 5–7.5 cms of water from the breeding tank .

Such an incident resulted in a total wipeout in one of the author 's tanks containing a pair of Emperor Angels and a shoal of Butterflyfish .
such an incident resulted in a total wipeout in one of the author 's tanks [having] a pair of emperor angels and a shoal of butterflyfish .

At the present time there is considerable concern about concentrations of nitrogen compounds in water containing goldfish .
at the present time there is considerable concern about concentrations of nitrogen compounds in water [having] goldfish .

Feminists have rediscovered with astonishment , for example , the work of the Danish grammarian Otto Jespersen , who published in 1922 , more than two centuries after Swift , a book grandly entitled Language : its nature , development and origin , and containing a chapter called ‘ The Woman ’ .
feminists have rediscovered with astonishment , for example , the work of the danish grammarian otto jespersen , who published in 1922 , more than two centuries after swift , a book grandly entitled language : its nature , development and origin , and [having] a chapter called ‘ the woman ’ .

Scores of meticulously labelled tins containing sub-assembly fixings were stacked at the rear of the workshop .
scores of meticulously labelled tins [having] sub-assembly fixings were stacked at the rear of the workshop .

The launch is also supported by a leaflet containing four designs which can be knitted from one ball .
the launch is also supported by a leaflet [having] four designs which can be knitted from one ball .

On the far side of the tunnel , near the side of the line towards Bath , there was an immensely deep rock quarry , disused and deserted but containing some old equipment , rusting away at the bottom .
on the far side of the tunnel , near the side of the line towards bath , there was an immensely deep rock quarry , disused and deserted but [having] some old equipment , rusting away at the bottom .

He put the bag containing the skull in the shed with his bicycle .
he put the bag [having] the skull in the shed with his bicycle .

There under a wagon was the body of Uncle Albert and clutched in his hand was a plastic bag containing the splintered remains of an animal 's skull …
there under a wagon was the body of uncle albert and clutched in his hand was a plastic bag [having] the splintered remains of an animal 's skull …

There was a field just behind it containing red and white poles and some painted oil drums .
there was a field just behind it [having] red and white poles and some painted oil drums .

Teams from the whole of Europe concentrate their work at a single lab in southern England where a huge torus of magnets containing gas at 100 million degrees tries to reproduce the Sun 's power .
teams from the whole of europe concentrate their work at a single lab in southern england where a huge torus of magnets [having] gas at 100 million degrees tries to reproduce the sun 's power .

Helium , the next element in the periodic table , contains two electrons encircling a nucleus containing two protons .
helium , the next element in the periodic table , contains two electrons encircling a nucleus [having] two protons .

All elements are made of the same stuff — positively charged nuclei containing protons and encircled by negatively charged electrons .
all elements are made of the same stuff — positively charged nuclei [having] protons and encircled by negatively charged electrons .

At this point it must seem paradoxical that atomic nuclei containing several closely packed protons exist at all .
at this point it must seem paradoxical that atomic nuclei [having] several closely packed protons exist at all .

It is this that bears on my father 's second question-how to contain the uncontainable : producing these extremes and then controlling and containing them are the problems .
it is this that bears on my father 's second question-how to contain the uncontainable : producing these extremes and then controlling and [having] them are the problems .

In the autumn of 1988 Pons had set his graduate student , Marvin Hawkins , the task of measuring heat produced in cells containing small cylindrical rods of palladium , 1 mm , 2 mm and 4 mm in diameter and 10 cm in length .
in the autumn of 1988 pons had set his graduate student , marvin hawkins , the task of measuring heat produced in cells [having] small cylindrical rods of palladium , 1 mm , 2 mm and 4 mm in diameter and 10 cm in length .

He had taken an instant dislike to both Bodie and Doyle , not only because they had bungled the surveillance job on the van containing his potential assassins , but because they dressed casually , more suited to a Sunday afternoon jog than the serious business of the Secret Service .
he had taken an instant dislike to both bodie and doyle , not only because they had bungled the surveillance job on the van [having] his potential assassins , but because they dressed casually , more suited to a sunday afternoon jog than the serious business of the secret service .

But there 's these … ’ He produced a cellophane bag containing two spent bullets .
but there 's these … ’ he produced a cellophane bag [having] two spent bullets .

Today , South Africa play rugby in England for the first time in nearly 23 years when a line-up containing five current internationals faces the Midlands at Leicester 's Welford Road .
today , south africa play rugby in england for the first time in nearly 23 years when a line-up [having] five current internationals faces the midlands at leicester 's welford road .

The Boks know they will have a job containing one of England 's most exciting prospects .
the boks know they will have a job [having] one of england 's most exciting prospects .

Yet they still knew too much , possessed superior pace and hit harder than a North side containing more heart than hope .
yet they still knew too much , possessed superior pace and hit harder than a north side [having] more heart than hope .

It is no coincidence that hapless Oldham ran into a side containing both Ryan Giggs and Lee Sharpe on the wings , Bryan Robson behind them and McClair in his rightful slot up front .
it is no coincidence that hapless oldham ran into a side [having] both ryan giggs and lee sharpe on the wings , bryan robson behind them and mcclair in his rightful slot up front .

But the most enchanting thing in the room for Constance , apart from Miss Hatherby herself , was a large bamboo bird cage placed in the fireplace containing two brightly coloured and raucous cockatoos .
but the most enchanting thing in the room for constance , apart from miss hatherby herself , was a large bamboo bird cage placed in the fireplace [having] two brightly coloured and raucous cockatoos .

It was a bedroom , containing the largest bed she had ever seen .
it was a bedroom , [having] the largest bed she had ever seen .

She was alone in the world and owned nothing but the clothes in which she stood , a small attaché case filled with important things and a brown paper carrier bag containing shoes , stockings , and two crystal goblets carefully wrapped in a pair of white cotton knickers .
she was alone in the world and owned nothing but the clothes in which she stood , a small attaché case filled with important things and a brown paper carrier bag [having] shoes , stockings , and two crystal goblets carefully wrapped in a pair of white cotton knickers .

Here the Crick hypothesis has an advantage over the others , in that he proposes that those mysterious extraterrestrials did not simply scatter spores willy-nilly but sent out a computer-controlled spacecraft containing the spores as cargo .
here the crick hypothesis has an advantage over the others , in that he proposes that those mysterious extraterrestrials did not simply scatter spores willy-nilly but sent out a computer-controlled spacecraft [having] the spores as cargo .

During the Middle Ages Christian countries took this idea one step further : drinking the blood of a just-beheaded criminal was widely regarded as an effective cure for epilepsy , and mixtures containing powdered human bones and/or flesh were popularly regarded as aphrodisiacs .
during the middle ages christian countries took this idea one step further : drinking the blood of a just-beheaded criminal was widely regarded as an effective cure for epilepsy , and mixtures [having] powdered human bones and/or flesh were popularly regarded as aphrodisiacs .

Two or three directories should then be piled on top of each other , followed by a couple of books ( not containing any flowers ) to act as weights .
two or three directories should then be piled on top of each other , followed by a couple of books ( not [having] any flowers ) to act as weights .

For example , do n't choose a raw silk with large slabs , or a handmade paper containing big flecks , as they will look enormous by the time they are enclosed in a tiny frame and will ruin the proportions of the picture .
for example , do n't choose a raw silk with large slabs , or a handmade paper [having] big flecks , as they will look enormous by the time they are enclosed in a tiny frame and will ruin the proportions of the picture .

the holder of a valid certificate in a form supplied by the Secretary of State , containing the information required by it , and signed by a medical practitioner to the effect that it is inadvisable on medical grounds for him to wear a seatbelt ;
the holder of a valid certificate in a form supplied by the secretary of state , [having] the information required by it , and signed by a medical practitioner to the effect that it is inadvisable on medical grounds for him to wear a seatbelt ;

Mostly they were bottles , but there were a few bags containing knobbly things a bit smaller than Masklin 's fist .
mostly they were bottles , but there were a few bags [having] knobbly things a bit smaller than masklin 's fist .

It follows that , in the majority of trees , the new cellulose is laid down in the cell already containing the stresses and strains which it has to bear .
it follows that , in the majority of trees , the new cellulose is laid down in the cell already [having] the stresses and strains which it has to bear .

Normal wood substance containing lignin does not do either of these things .
normal wood substance [having] lignin does not do either of these things .

The precipitated whey can then be redissolved in water containing , say , a little caustic soda .
the precipitated whey can then be redissolved in water [having] , say , a little caustic soda .

Different techniques produced weights containing glass portraits or large glass flowers or vegetables .
different techniques produced weights [having] glass portraits or large glass flowers or vegetables .

The most sought after are those containing glass animals , such as a curled snake or salamander .
the most sought after are those [having] glass animals , such as a curled snake or salamander .

Then James had to look at a tray containing 20 objects and , when the tray was removed , see how many he could remember .
then james had to look at a tray [having] 20 objects and , when the tray was removed , see how many he could remember .

’ So instead of prescription drugs , Daniele Ryman has produced ‘ wake up ’ and ‘ sleep ’ fragrances — both containing a blend of 50 natural herbs .
’ so instead of prescription drugs , daniele ryman has produced ‘ wake up ’ and ‘ sleep ’ fragrances — both [having] a blend of 50 natural herbs .

Forced to abandon their containing tactics , Ipswich came surging forward in search of the equaliser .
forced to abandon their [having] tactics , ipswich came surging forward in search of the equaliser .

He made the most fundamental error possible in tournament golf , signing a card containing a wrong score .
he made the most fundamental error possible in tournament golf , signing a card [having] a wrong score .

The Inland Revenue has reviewed the arrangements under which it issues booklets of payslips spanning two deduction years to employers and has decided to revert to supplying employers with booklets containing payslips which relate to one deduction year ( p 103 ) .
the inland revenue has reviewed the arrangements under which it issues booklets of payslips spanning two deduction years to employers and has decided to revert to supplying employers with booklets [having] payslips which relate to one deduction year ( p 103 ) .

As a result , it has decided to revert to supplying employers , yearly , with booklets containing payslips which relate to one deduction year .
as a result , it has decided to revert to supplying employers , yearly , with booklets [having] payslips which relate to one deduction year .

In the past , ‘ products were characterised by decreasing costs due to continuing improvements in production technology and , on the engineering side , changing materials and design aimed at containing production costs ’ .
in the past , ‘ products were characterised by decreasing costs due to continuing improvements in production technology and , on the engineering side , changing materials and design aimed at [having] production costs ’ .

The requirements are based on the Companies Act 1985 , and the central register containing details will be available for inspection by all members .
the requirements are based on the companies act 1985 , and the central register [having] details will be available for inspection by all members .

In practice , it may be more convenient to submit a single notice of claim containing claims by several claimant companies , sometimes in the form of a matrix .
in practice , it may be more convenient to submit a single notice of claim [having] claims by several claimant companies , sometimes in the form of a matrix .

The Institute 's Tax Faculty has issued a guidance note on a company 's exposure to penalties on submitting a corporation tax Pay and File return containing estimated figures .
the institute 's tax faculty has issued a guidance note on a company 's exposure to penalties on submitting a corporation tax pay and file return [having] estimated figures .

In addition , every six months they will be asked to complete a standard form , to be prepared by the Commission , containing an analysis of the prices recommended to dealers in various member states for one standard model in each range of production .
in addition , every six months they will be asked to complete a standard form , to be prepared by the commission , [having] an analysis of the prices recommended to dealers in various member states for one standard model in each range of production .

The Aboriginal Initiates communicate intuitively with the Dreamtime — the time of their creation — by tapping into a universal reservoir of information containing their racial memory .
the aboriginal initiates communicate intuitively with the dreamtime — the time of their creation — by tapping into a universal reservoir of information [having] their racial memory .

The words are easily accepted as an appropriate dress to clothe a perfectly abstract thought , yet throughout Descartes ' philosophy , as Schon says , ‘ it suggests itself that intuition is displaced seeing ; the ‘ clarity and distinctness ' ’ of ideas is a displaced clarity of objects ; and the light of reason is a displaced theory of the eye , the eye of the mind , containing covertly the ancient doctrine that the eye projects .
the words are easily accepted as an appropriate dress to clothe a perfectly abstract thought , yet throughout descartes ' philosophy , as schon says , ‘ it suggests itself that intuition is displaced seeing ; the ‘ clarity and distinctness ' ’ of ideas is a displaced clarity of objects ; and the light of reason is a displaced theory of the eye , the eye of the mind , [having] covertly the ancient doctrine that the eye projects .

For some it means a learning pack containing a work book , audio cassette and video tape ; for others it is a technology that combines audio , television , computers and telecommunications .
for some it means a learning pack [having] a work book , audio cassette and video tape ; for others it is a technology that combines audio , television , computers and telecommunications .

As you cross the line , make your way to the lorries containing your kit bag .
as you cross the line , make your way to the lorries [having] your kit bag .

Layer between the upper and the outside , usually containing the cushioning or stability features of the shoe .
layer between the upper and the outside , usually [having] the cushioning or stability features of the shoe .

Then collect them and sow in a very shallow container like a dish or bowl containing a mixture of coarse sand and loam or fine peat or potting compost .
then collect them and sow in a very shallow container like a dish or bowl [having] a mixture of coarse sand and loam or fine peat or potting compost .

Nevertheless a mixture containing coarse sand and bulb fibre or peat moss should be quite satisfactory .
nevertheless a mixture [having] coarse sand and bulb fibre or peat moss should be quite satisfactory .

Requires a fairly nutritious tank bottom containing some clay and organic detritus .
requires a fairly nutritious tank bottom [having] some clay and organic detritus .

Even a good mixture containing loam and peat and some clay will be satisfactory .
even a good mixture [having] loam and peat and some clay will be satisfactory .

Therefore the usual mixture containing clay or mud with peat or bulb-fibre should be provided .
therefore the usual mixture [having] clay or mud with peat or bulb-fibre should be provided .

This follows an après-ski dinner at La Rocca mountain restaurant , accompanied by singing and , so far as the adults are concerned , much passing of the ceremonial grolla , a multi-spouted loving cup containing a potent alcoholic brew .
this follows an après-ski dinner at la rocca mountain restaurant , accompanied by singing and , so far as the adults are concerned , much passing of the ceremonial grolla , a multi-spouted loving cup [having] a potent alcoholic brew .

Garlic does n't freeze well , so do n't keep any cooked dish containing garlic too long .
garlic does n't freeze well , so do n't keep any cooked dish [having] garlic too long .

This converts the image into electronic signals which are passed to the recorder section containing the cassette housing and tape transport mechanisms .
this converts the image into electronic signals which are passed to the recorder section [having] the cassette housing and tape transport mechanisms .

Scenes containing dialogue are frequently shot at this camera range and where two characters are seen together the shot is described as a two-shot .
scenes [having] dialogue are frequently shot at this camera range and where two characters are seen together the shot is described as a two-shot .

The fact that the video sound is cut with the pictures and not independently as a separate recording also creates problems , especially when inter-cutting shots containing dialogue .
the fact that the video sound is cut with the pictures and not independently as a separate recording also creates problems , especially when inter-cutting shots [having] dialogue .

Thus the supplier may issue a fee note ( sometimes known as a payment request note or a pro forma invoice ) rather than an invoice containing all the requirements of a tax invoice ( as specified in reg 13 ( 1 ) ) .
thus the supplier may issue a fee note ( sometimes known as a payment request note or a pro forma invoice ) rather than an invoice [having] all the requirements of a tax invoice ( as specified in reg 13 ( 1 ) ) .

The crooks drove into the factory at Slough , Berks , and towed away a trailer containing £36,000-worth of the bars .
the crooks drove into the factory at slough , berks , and towed away a trailer [having] £36,000-worth of the bars .

They scattered drugs and lab equipment , and opened a fridge door containing radioactive materials marked ‘ dangerous ’ .
they scattered drugs and lab equipment , and opened a fridge door [having] radioactive materials marked ‘ dangerous ’ .

They scattered drugs and lab equipment over the floor , and opened a fridge door containing radioactive materials marked ‘ dangerous ’ .
they scattered drugs and lab equipment over the floor , and opened a fridge door [having] radioactive materials marked ‘ dangerous ’ .

But he dropped a key ring containing a picture of himself and his girlfriend as he crept upstairs to steal the woman 's jewellery .
but he dropped a key ring [having] a picture of himself and his girlfriend as he crept upstairs to steal the woman 's jewellery .

Avoid taking paracetamol tablets as well as a remedy containing the drug , the magazine warns .
avoid taking paracetamol tablets as well as a remedy [having] the drug , the magazine warns .

But on the way to the bank to buy dollars she lost her wallet containing £400 .
but on the way to the bank to buy dollars she lost her wallet [having] £400 .

The letter ( the one we have just been talking about , the one that arrived by post this morning , the one containing Aunt Kitty 's cheque … ) is in the drawer ( the one in the desk , the one in the dressing table upstairs , the one in the kitchen where we always put the post … ) .
the letter ( the one we have just been talking about , the one that arrived by post this morning , the one [having] aunt kitty 's cheque … ) is in the drawer ( the one in the desk , the one in the dressing table upstairs , the one in the kitchen where we always put the post … ) .

This problem is tackled by executive information system products containing multidimensional databases , such as Information Resources ' Express .
this problem is tackled by executive information system products [having] multidimensional databases , such as information resources ' express .

Gold investments can supply Australian Koala platinum bullion coins containing two ounces , 10 ounces and one kilogram of platinum .
gold investments can supply australian koala platinum bullion coins [having] two ounces , 10 ounces and one kilogram of platinum .

This indicates that the Revenue will be prepared to accept returns containing estimated figures provided they are identified , drawn to the inspector 's attention and made to the best of the company 's ( adviser 's ? )
this indicates that the revenue will be prepared to accept returns [having] estimated figures provided they are identified , drawn to the inspector 's attention and made to the best of the company 's ( adviser 's ? )

Evidence from official statistics suggests that the number of households containing two or more elementary families has indeed fallen : from 3 per cent of households in 1961 to 1 per cent in 1981 ( Social Trends , 1987 , p. 41 , table 2.1 ) Clearly this is , and apparently has been for some time , very much a minority arrangement within the British population as a whole .
evidence from official statistics suggests that the number of households [having] two or more elementary families has indeed fallen : from 3 per cent of households in 1961 to 1 per cent in 1981 ( social trends , 1987 , p. 41 , table 2.1 ) clearly this is , and apparently has been for some time , very much a minority arrangement within the british population as a whole .

These strategies included the formation of complex households , containing several nuclear family units , as a response to the severe economic pressures which prevailed at that time ( Anderson , 1980 , pp .
these strategies included the formation of complex households , [having] several nuclear family units , as a response to the severe economic pressures which prevailed at that time ( anderson , 1980 , pp .

Sometimes as big as a house and containing millions of fish , the mass is near spherical .
sometimes as big as a house and [having] millions of fish , the mass is near spherical .

The number of female cuckoos laying in each nest , and the proportion of nests containing eggs from more than one female , were both larger at Santa Fe ( Table 1 ) .
the number of female cuckoos laying in each nest , and the proportion of nests [having] eggs from more than one female , were both larger at santa fe ( table 1 ) .

Our estimate of the percentage of multiparasitized nests containing more than one egg of the same female at Guadix is close to that given by Soler , but significantly lower than that obtained at Santa Fe ( Table 1 ) .
our estimate of the percentage of multiparasitized nests [having] more than one egg of the same female at guadix is close to that given by soler , but significantly lower than that obtained at santa fe ( table 1 ) .

Further characterization of the growth and death of cells containing various combinations of activated c- myc , ras and bcl -2 oncogenes should provide insights as to how the various attributes of these three classes of oncogene interact .
further characterization of the growth and death of cells [having] various combinations of activated c- myc , ras and bcl -2 oncogenes should provide insights as to how the various attributes of these three classes of oncogene interact .

Assays were carried out using a radiolabelled restriction fragment containing the anti- met- box construct ( 00186 ) .
assays were carried out using a radiolabelled restriction fragment [having] the anti- met- box construct ( 00186 ) .

One attractive hypothesis would be that there is positive feedback , whereby tension in the cable generates an intracellular chemi- cal signal for the maintenance of tension ; this would maintain an activated state in every cell containing a segment of the taut cable .
one attractive hypothesis would be that there is positive feedback , whereby tension in the cable generates an intracellular chemi- cal signal for the maintenance of tension ; this would maintain an activated state in every cell [having] a segment of the taut cable .

Gas dosing is achieved using a pulsed molecular beam source , with 50-ms pulses , each containing 10 12 molecules , equivalent to 2 % of a molecular monolayer .
gas dosing is achieved using a pulsed molecular beam source , with 50-ms pulses , each [having] 10 12 molecules , equivalent to 2 % of a molecular monolayer .

In our fixation shift procedure , the infant initially sees a screen containing a central flashing face-like target , which is replaced by a contrast-reversing target 23 deg either right or left of centre .
in our fixation shift procedure , the infant initially sees a screen [having] a central flashing face-like target , which is replaced by a contrast-reversing target 23 deg either right or left of centre .

Even at the highest pressures used here , the progressive loss of conduction by the small amounts of fluid still remaining in the pores unfortunately prevents quantitative comparisons with a dry rock containing only compact carbon and matrix minerals .
even at the highest pressures used here , the progressive loss of conduction by the small amounts of fluid still remaining in the pores unfortunately prevents quantitative comparisons with a dry rock [having] only compact carbon and matrix minerals .

The results show that a surface containing both differential vertical and differential horizontal perspective cues appropri- ate to viewing the surface at infinity was judged to have more peak-to-trough depth than the equivalent surface with perspective cues appropriate to viewing at 28cm .
the results show that a surface [having] both differential vertical and differential horizontal perspective cues appropri- ate to viewing the surface at infinity was judged to have more peak-to-trough depth than the equivalent surface with perspective cues appropriate to viewing at 28cm .

Using identical conditions , it has been shown that injection of a single mitochondrion ( containing 10mtDNA molecules ) into cells results in the complete repopulation of the recipient cells with mtDNA and permits their subsequent proliferation in the absence of pyrimidines .
using identical conditions , it has been shown that injection of a single mitochondrion ( [having] 10mtdna molecules ) into cells results in the complete repopulation of the recipient cells with mtdna and permits their subsequent proliferation in the absence of pyrimidines .

The receptor consists of a single transmembrane protein containing a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase which is separated into two ( boxes ) .
the receptor consists of a single transmembrane protein [having] a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase which is separated into two ( boxes ) .

It is made up of coeval ignimbrites ( K/Ar date 4.65–6.7 Myr , from five dates over a 50-km section ) and a large batholith containing a variety of rock types but dominated by granite ( SiO 2 70 % ) with an 40 Ar/ 36 Ar age of 5.180.05Myr .
it is made up of coeval ignimbrites ( k/ar date 4.65–6.7 myr , from five dates over a 50-km section ) and a large batholith [having] a variety of rock types but dominated by granite ( sio 2 70 % ) with an 40 ar/ 36 ar age of 5.180.05myr .

Sedimentation rates for intervals containing a high proportion of laminated sediment are commonly around 10cm per thousand years ( cmkyr -1 ) ( ref .
sedimentation rates for intervals [having] a high proportion of laminated sediment are commonly around 10cm per thousand years ( cmkyr -1 ) ( ref .

Behind these were two dozen other cars containing friends and relatives .
behind these were two dozen other cars [having] friends and relatives .

Its main feature was a large pot of soup containing enough marijuana to fell a herd of oxen .
its main feature was a large pot of soup [having] enough marijuana to fell a herd of oxen .

Despite the quality of the exhibits and the rigorous and scholarly catalogue ( containing , among much else , an essay on ‘ The Birth of the Modern Museum ’ by Marc Fumaroli and a reflection on ‘ What does the Future hold for Museums ?
despite the quality of the exhibits and the rigorous and scholarly catalogue ( [having] , among much else , an essay on ‘ the birth of the modern museum ’ by marc fumaroli and a reflection on ‘ what does the future hold for museums ?

Written by a team of authors including Charles , Fürst von Schwarzenberg , one of President Havel 's closest advisers since 1990 , this book is a thorough pictorial survey of the castle which is not just a palace but a complex containing the Library , the basilica of St George , the cathedral of St Guy , the church of St Nicholas , the chapel of St Wenceslas and the National Gallery of Prague .
written by a team of authors including charles , fürst von schwarzenberg , one of president havel 's closest advisers since 1990 , this book is a thorough pictorial survey of the castle which is not just a palace but a complex [having] the library , the basilica of st george , the cathedral of st guy , the church of st nicholas , the chapel of st wenceslas and the national gallery of prague .

Peter did n't open the box containing the Archives of Emor .
peter did n't open the box [having] the archives of emor .

Three-Colour Jacquard : Coloured designs containing three colours in every row .
three-colour jacquard : coloured designs [having] three colours in every row .

Four-Colour Jacquard : Coloured designs containing four colours in every row .
four-colour jacquard : coloured designs [having] four colours in every row .

In the event , the letter to Anselm containing the passionate phrases condemning lay investiture which have just been quoted , had no effect on the subsequent negotiations .
in the event , the letter to anselm [having] the passionate phrases condemning lay investiture which have just been quoted , had no effect on the subsequent negotiations .

There had been tears in her father 's eyes as he 'd handed her the satin-lined box containing the jewels and Emily , taking it , had felt a constriction in her throat for , with the gift , her father was recognizing she was now a woman .
there had been tears in her father 's eyes as he 'd handed her the satin-lined box [having] the jewels and emily , taking it , had felt a constriction in her throat for , with the gift , her father was recognizing she was now a woman .

The new bill suggests that coins containing 0.5 % precious metal or over , and objects containing 5 % or over , should be eligible to be classed as Treasure Trove .
the new bill suggests that coins [having] 0.5 % precious metal or over , and objects [having] 5 % or over , should be eligible to be classed as treasure trove .

The Henry Moore Sculpture Centre , containing the world 's largest public collection of his work , has been renewed , and there are vast tracts set aside for modern and contemporary art .
the henry moore sculpture centre , [having] the world 's largest public collection of his work , has been renewed , and there are vast tracts set aside for modern and contemporary art .

These portraits of court worthies , apparently executed for himself , originally came from albums containing 750 portraits in black lead , red chalk and watercolour .
these portraits of court worthies , apparently executed for himself , originally came from albums [having] 750 portraits in black lead , red chalk and watercolour .

Not least when their percussionist hits an artificial tree containing a drum sampler , two car wheels and a vacuum cleaner that looks like one of Ministry 's skeleton mic stands .
not least when their percussionist hits an artificial tree [having] a drum sampler , two car wheels and a vacuum cleaner that looks like one of ministry 's skeleton mic stands .

Figure 5.1 Net household income by age for all households containing at least one elderly member Source : General Household Survey , 1979 .
figure 5.1 net household income by age for all households [having] at least one elderly member source : general household survey , 1979 .

Elderly people living with other , younger people were much less likely to have had a home-help visit in the last month than households containing only elderly people .
elderly people living with other , younger people were much less likely to have had a home-help visit in the last month than households [having] only elderly people .

Some 42 per cent of households containing an elderly person consist of a lone woman .
some 42 per cent of households [having] an elderly person consist of a lone woman .

Galahad reappeared , with a glass containing a small amount of brandy .
galahad reappeared , with a glass [having] a small amount of brandy .

He poured some water into the bowl and brought a saucepan containing more water to the table .
he poured some water into the bowl and brought a saucepan [having] more water to the table .

‘ Was that you callin' , ducky ? ’ asked Mrs Beavis , her apron doing its best to fit itself around her plumpness , and a plate containing a large segment of sausage and onion pie in her hand . ‘ What d'yer want , a bit of 'elp to get to the lav ? Is yer poor foot still cripplin' yer ? ’
‘ was that you callin' , ducky ? ’ asked mrs beavis , her apron doing its best to fit itself around her plumpness , and a plate [having] a large segment of sausage and onion pie in her hand . ‘ what d'yer want , a bit of 'elp to get to the lav ? is yer poor foot still cripplin' yer ? ’

The results of what followed have led Ivan Koltsov , who led the research and was a Member of the Geographical Society of the Russian Academy of Sciences , to announce that there was no longer any doubt that what had been found beneath the monastery at the Alexandrov settlement was indeed Ivan the Terrible 's library containing priceless works of art .
the results of what followed have led ivan koltsov , who led the research and was a member of the geographical society of the russian academy of sciences , to announce that there was no longer any doubt that what had been found beneath the monastery at the alexandrov settlement was indeed ivan the terrible 's library [having] priceless works of art .

The musée at Villeneuve is an appropriate setting for an exhibition on Laurens in that it is the permanent home of the Dutilleul-Masurel collection , donated by Jean Masurel in 1979 and containing works by Braque , Picasso and Laurens , Leger , Modigliani , Derain , Miró , Klee and others .
the musée at villeneuve is an appropriate setting for an exhibition on laurens in that it is the permanent home of the dutilleul-masurel collection , donated by jean masurel in 1979 and [having] works by braque , picasso and laurens , leger , modigliani , derain , miró , klee and others .

From the top of the stairs , one may enter either the temporary exhibition galleries , or the circuit of newly climate-controlled , track-lit , chronologically installed American and European picture galleries , containing masterworks such as Mantegna 's so-called ‘ Esther and Mordecai ’ grisaille , Bronzino 's ‘ Portrait of Eleanor of Toledo and her Son ’ , Guercino 's ‘ Mars with Cupid ’ , Giambologna 's small bronze ‘ Rape of the Sabines ’ , Terborch 's newly restored ‘ The music party ’ , and Gainsborough 's ‘ Portrait of Mrs Philip Thicknesse ’ .
from the top of the stairs , one may enter either the temporary exhibition galleries , or the circuit of newly climate-controlled , track-lit , chronologically installed american and european picture galleries , [having] masterworks such as mantegna 's so-called ‘ esther and mordecai ’ grisaille , bronzino 's ‘ portrait of eleanor of toledo and her son ’ , guercino 's ‘ mars with cupid ’ , giambologna 's small bronze ‘ rape of the sabines ’ , terborch 's newly restored ‘ the music party ’ , and gainsborough 's ‘ portrait of mrs philip thicknesse ’ .

This is an 18 mile long lake fringed with reed beds containing a breathtaking spectrum of birdlife .
this is an 18 mile long lake fringed with reed beds [having] a breathtaking spectrum of birdlife .

Because they are offered in ranges containing almost every nuance of colour and tone they are also useful for visualising ideas in considerable detail .
because they are offered in ranges [having] almost every nuance of colour and tone they are also useful for visualising ideas in considerable detail .

An 80 page Activity Book containing tasks and exercises designed to help students develop skills that will enable them to benefit from any news broadcast in English .
an 80 page activity book [having] tasks and exercises designed to help students develop skills that will enable them to benefit from any news broadcast in english .

Applied Linguistics also includes a reviews section containing authoritative contributions on recent publications .
applied linguistics also includes a reviews section [having] authoritative contributions on recent publications .

Workbook , containing additional exercises for use in class or at home .
workbook , [having] additional exercises for use in class or at home .

Cassette , containing the listening practice material in the Workbook .
cassette , [having] the listening practice material in the workbook .

Student 's Book , containing eight projects with material for 100–120 hours teaching .
student 's book , [having] eight projects with material for 100–120 hours teaching .

Workbook , containing additional exercises and practice material .
workbook , [having] additional exercises and practice material .

Cassettes , containing high-quality recordings of the texts and tape-based exercises in the Student 's Books .
cassettes , [having] high-quality recordings of the texts and tape-based exercises in the student 's books .

Selected titles in Grades 1–4 have been made up into sturdy Reader Packs , each containing a Reader , a Cassette , and Notes for the Parent/Teacher in English , Italian , Spanish , Arabic , Greek , Japanese , and Portuguese .
selected titles in grades 1–4 have been made up into sturdy reader packs , each [having] a reader , a cassette , and notes for the parent/teacher in english , italian , spanish , arabic , greek , japanese , and portuguese .

The Magic Music Man consists of two forty-minute video cassettes , together containing 10 episodes .
the magic music man consists of two forty-minute video cassettes , together [having] 10 episodes .

It was a lengthy and not a little dangerous , chemical process requiring the gas to be cooled through a large tub of water from barrels containing iron filings onto which sulphuric acid had been poured .
it was a lengthy and not a little dangerous , chemical process requiring the gas to be cooled through a large tub of water from barrels [having] iron filings onto which sulphuric acid had been poured .

At the same time he also passed to us a folder containing photographs of the crashed aircraft .
at the same time he also passed to us a folder [having] photographs of the crashed aircraft .

Tubifex is collected by scooping up the mud patch containing the worms , and then washing the mud away to leave clean worms which tend to gather in a tight ball .
tubifex is collected by scooping up the mud patch [having] the worms , and then washing the mud away to leave clean worms which tend to gather in a tight ball .

Many time we have set up a tank containing large and heavy items as part of the decor , only to find that the undergravel filter has either collapsed flat or broken in half .
many time we have set up a tank [having] large and heavy items as part of the decor , only to find that the undergravel filter has either collapsed flat or broken in half .

While they can have their uses in the very short term or as a stop-gap measure , in reality they would be needed in very large numbers in any tank containing large cichlids .
while they can have their uses in the very short term or as a stop-gap measure , in reality they would be needed in very large numbers in any tank [having] large cichlids .

They are kept in a community tank containing a total of 25 fish , including Mollies , Albino Sharks , and an Angelfish .
they are kept in a community tank [having] a total of 25 fish , including mollies , albino sharks , and an angelfish .

Do not collect live food for cultures , or for feeding , from water containing fish , or you may introduce disease into your tank .
do not collect live food for cultures , or for feeding , from water [having] fish , or you may introduce disease into your tank .

Green water is the curse of many pondkeepers — especially as warmer and warmer springs provide the necessary sunshine to fuel the growth of microscopic algae , all containing the green chlorophyll that colours the water .
green water is the curse of many pondkeepers — especially as warmer and warmer springs provide the necessary sunshine to fuel the growth of microscopic algae , all [having] the green chlorophyll that colours the water .

From the butt , the water flows through a bath ( you 'd better believe it ) containing more gravel and sacks : Ken has made full use of the overflow and plughole to circulate the water fully through the media before it returns to the pond via a glide cascade made of liner-covered wood .
from the butt , the water flows through a bath ( you 'd better believe it ) [having] more gravel and sacks : ken has made full use of the overflow and plughole to circulate the water fully through the media before it returns to the pond via a glide cascade made of liner-covered wood .

For door frames , the best choices are metal or plastic extrusions containing brush or flexible wiper seals , which are compressed against the door face when it is closed .
for door frames , the best choices are metal or plastic extrusions [having] brush or flexible wiper seals , which are compressed against the door face when it is closed .

This is supplied in rolls containing 10 panels , each 36in ( 914mm ) high and 21½in ( 546mm ) wide .
this is supplied in rolls [having] 10 panels , each 36in ( 914mm ) high and 21½in ( 546mm ) wide .

The remainder were taught in ‘ all age schools ’ ( ie containing children between the ages of five or seven to 14 ) .
the remainder were taught in ‘ all age schools ’ ( ie [having] children between the ages of five or seven to 14 ) .

The committee reported in May 1978 , in a document of some 400 pages containing 224 recommendations .
the committee reported in may 1978 , in a document of some 400 pages [having] 224 recommendations .

If the evidence is favourable then the next step will be to set up a design team containing members covering the relevant range of expertise .
if the evidence is favourable then the next step will be to set up a design team [having] members covering the relevant range of expertise .

The operator is assumed to be reacting to a situation in a control room , containing a great variety of dials , charts , and computer driven displays together with the controls needed to take action in any part of the system .
the operator is assumed to be reacting to a situation in a control room , [having] a great variety of dials , charts , and computer driven displays together with the controls needed to take action in any part of the system .

The path is generated by navigating through a conceptual map containing landmarks and decision points ( key features of the skill ) and by the avoidance of obstacles and misleading features which have been sensitively detected .
the path is generated by navigating through a conceptual map [having] landmarks and decision points ( key features of the skill ) and by the avoidance of obstacles and misleading features which have been sensitively detected .

In this way a student model containing a profile of attainment together with a history of progress to date can be made available to the trainer and to the trainee .
in this way a student model [having] a profile of attainment together with a history of progress to date can be made available to the trainer and to the trainee .

If they do , they can find the following ( at a rate of 1 per 6 ‘ character-turns ’ of game time ) : a small steel casket containing four black opals ( value 15 GCs each ) , a stick of pink coral which has the symbol of Tzeentch running right through the middle ( harmless ; value 60 GCs ) , four bloodstones ( 15 GCs each ) , and a pair of dented golden goblets ( 5 GCs apiece ) .
if they do , they can find the following ( at a rate of 1 per 6 ‘ character-turns ’ of game time ) : a small steel casket [having] four black opals ( value 15 gcs each ) , a stick of pink coral which has the symbol of tzeentch running right through the middle ( harmless ; value 60 gcs ) , four bloodstones ( 15 gcs each ) , and a pair of dented golden goblets ( 5 gcs apiece ) .

a box containing sealed jars of dried raisins , amazingly still edible ( enough for 30 meals here , but they need to be eked out with other food to avoid severe stomach upsets ! ) ;
a box [having] sealed jars of dried raisins , amazingly still edible ( enough for 30 meals here , but they need to be eked out with other food to avoid severe stomach upsets ! ) ;

61 boxes each containing 24 tallow candles ;
61 boxes each [having] 24 tallow candles ;

four bell jars , each containing a preserved Human brain .
four bell jars , each [having] a preserved human brain .

The door at the north end of the room might lure the adventurers into entering ; it leads to a tiny cubicle-cupboard containing some simple gardening tools .
the door at the north end of the room might lure the adventurers into entering ; it leads to a tiny cubicle-cupboard [having] some simple gardening tools .

Holy objects , relics , and talismans , such as the Agnus Dei — a small piece of wax containing an image of the lamb and flag — were widely believed to provide supernatural help during times of crisis ; and holy bells , holy water , and candles were thought to give protection against diabolical spirits .
holy objects , relics , and talismans , such as the agnus dei — a small piece of wax [having] an image of the lamb and flag — were widely believed to provide supernatural help during times of crisis ; and holy bells , holy water , and candles were thought to give protection against diabolical spirits .

Hindenburg , following the triumph of Tannenberg in August 1914 , was now a German hero and could , in effect , reverse Schlieffen 's plan : that is , seek a decisive victory in the east while merely containing the Western Front .
hindenburg , following the triumph of tannenberg in august 1914 , was now a german hero and could , in effect , reverse schlieffen 's plan : that is , seek a decisive victory in the east while merely [having] the western front .

One was a tripod-mounted , water-cooled gun with a belt feed containing 250 rounds , of which the British Vickers and German and Russian Maxim were examples .
one was a tripod-mounted , water-cooled gun with a belt feed [having] 250 rounds , of which the british vickers and german and russian maxim were examples .

On old windows , wear a simple dust mask to avoid inhaling dust containing lead .
on old windows , wear a simple dust mask to avoid inhaling dust [having] lead .

Lewis , who was never a crude literalist , understood the scriptures as a divine drama containing great truths — some of which were historical and physical — explicated and interpreted by mythology .
lewis , who was never a crude literalist , understood the scriptures as a divine drama [having] great truths — some of which were historical and physical — explicated and interpreted by mythology .

‘ Please forgive me , Your Honour , ’ she said , thrusting the box containing her friend into his hands .
‘ please forgive me , your honour , ’ she said , thrusting the box [having] her friend into his hands .

When you come to considering ventilation , bear in mind that it is a legal requirement that rooms containing a toilet have either a window that opens , or an extractor fan .
when you come to considering ventilation , bear in mind that it is a legal requirement that rooms [having] a toilet have either a window that opens , or an extractor fan .

Watch out also for their Tinted Bockingford paper : the pochette containing one sheet each of four shades should allow you to dabble economically .
watch out also for their tinted bockingford paper : the pochette [having] one sheet each of four shades should allow you to dabble economically .

The exigencies of survival in a shifting and precarious labour market , containing its own ideological practices , undermined any sense of loyalty to and tradition of organisation .
the exigencies of survival in a shifting and precarious labour market , [having] its own ideological practices , undermined any sense of loyalty to and tradition of organisation .

Passing to our own day , fine editions include the Nonesuch Press issue of 1924–27 , in five volumes with engraved titles and head-pieces by Stephen Gooden ; but many will give pride of place to the Doves Press The English Bible containing the Old Testament and the New , published in 1905 , also in five volumes .
passing to our own day , fine editions include the nonesuch press issue of 1924–27 , in five volumes with engraved titles and head-pieces by stephen gooden ; but many will give pride of place to the doves press the english bible [having] the old testament and the new , published in 1905 , also in five volumes .

The same treatment is accorded to fine hand-coloured and aquatint plate books containing noteworthy topographical views and military and sporting subjects .
the same treatment is accorded to fine hand-coloured and aquatint plate books [having] noteworthy topographical views and military and sporting subjects .

The Terrence Higgins Trust Advice Centre can offer advice and assistance with all these questions and has also published a leaflet containing advice about life insurance and mortgages .
the terrence higgins trust advice centre can offer advice and assistance with all these questions and has also published a leaflet [having] advice about life insurance and mortgages .

She is referring particularly to work with younger children , and suggests not only an area for creative play but , in more structured situations , a library with low cupboards containing a variety of books ( some homemade ) and ‘ in another part of the room … low cupboards containing many kinds of commercial materials , such as peg boards , nesting toys , puzzles , discs for the development of discrimination and hand and finger dexterity ’ .
she is referring particularly to work with younger children , and suggests not only an area for creative play but , in more structured situations , a library with low cupboards [having] a variety of books ( some homemade ) and ‘ in another part of the room … low cupboards [having] many kinds of commercial materials , such as peg boards , nesting toys , puzzles , discs for the development of discrimination and hand and finger dexterity ’ .

Recommendations arising from assessments carried out by an educational psychologist , or from medical records containing information from ophthalmological examination , or from an ophthalmic optician prescribing low vision aids , will need to be translated into practice in the day-to-day classroom situation , and specialist help from an advisory teacher is invaluable here .
recommendations arising from assessments carried out by an educational psychologist , or from medical records [having] information from ophthalmological examination , or from an ophthalmic optician prescribing low vision aids , will need to be translated into practice in the day-to-day classroom situation , and specialist help from an advisory teacher is invaluable here .

Interspersed with these are anecdotes from his own personal experience travelling around the remains of the country as a journalist , which makes harrowing reading , if only to note how indiscriminately trigger-happy so many people over there seem to be ( joking , for instance , about ‘ target practice ’ on a car containing a TV-film crew ) .
interspersed with these are anecdotes from his own personal experience travelling around the remains of the country as a journalist , which makes harrowing reading , if only to note how indiscriminately trigger-happy so many people over there seem to be ( joking , for instance , about ‘ target practice ’ on a car [having] a tv-film crew ) .

On certain occasions , representatives from all the local communities in a region containing 700 individuals or more will attend .
on certain occasions , representatives from all the local communities in a region [having] 700 individuals or more will attend .

In wild surroundings a natural amphitheatre containing two lochs is rounded and , just when the road seems to have lost direction and to be leading nowhere , there are signs of civilisation and cultivation , a perfect harbour is suddenly revealed and a steep descent ends at its terminus there .
in wild surroundings a natural amphitheatre [having] two lochs is rounded and , just when the road seems to have lost direction and to be leading nowhere , there are signs of civilisation and cultivation , a perfect harbour is suddenly revealed and a steep descent ends at its terminus there .

On 4 September 1936 it was therefore replaced by a genuine ‘ Popular Front ’ government , headed by Largo Caballero and containing Socialists and Communists .
on 4 september 1936 it was therefore replaced by a genuine ‘ popular front ’ government , headed by largo caballero and [having] socialists and communists .

Opening the cupboard he saw that it contained a collection of unmatched crockery and two folded clean tea towels , both dry , and on the bottom shelf an assortment of flower vases and a battered cane basket containing folded dusters , and tins of metal and furniture polish .
opening the cupboard he saw that it contained a collection of unmatched crockery and two folded clean tea towels , both dry , and on the bottom shelf an assortment of flower vases and a battered cane basket [having] folded dusters , and tins of metal and furniture polish .

Upon this was a sponge bag , its zip open , containing a toothbrush and a tube of paste , a dry face flannel and a used bar of soap .
upon this was a sponge bag , its zip open , [having] a toothbrush and a tube of paste , a dry face flannel and a used bar of soap .

Dalgliesh picked up the bag containing the shoes . He said :
dalgliesh picked up the bag [having] the shoes . he said :

At the front , two high curved windows gave a view of the square garden while at the rear one huge expanse of glass looked out over a stone wall with three niches , each containing a marble statue ; Venus , naked , one hand delicately shielding the mons Veneris , one pointing at her left nipple , a second female figure , half robed and wearing a wreath of flowers and , between them , Apollo with his lyre , laurel-crowned .
at the front , two high curved windows gave a view of the square garden while at the rear one huge expanse of glass looked out over a stone wall with three niches , each [having] a marble statue ; venus , naked , one hand delicately shielding the mons veneris , one pointing at her left nipple , a second female figure , half robed and wearing a wreath of flowers and , between them , apollo with his lyre , laurel-crowned .

Two miles away , you can visit Falkland Palace , the country residence of the Stuart kings and queens , with gardens containing the oldest tennis court in Great Britain .
two miles away , you can visit falkland palace , the country residence of the stuart kings and queens , with gardens [having] the oldest tennis court in great britain .

Yet wherever we may be in this universe , a Marine 's transformed body is his temple , containing the eucharist of Rogal Dorn ; as yours will soon be also .
yet wherever we may be in this universe , a marine 's transformed body is his temple , [having] the eucharist of rogal dorn ; as yours will soon be also .

They had done quite a good job , Holly could see that , in containing the fire .
they had done quite a good job , holly could see that , in [having] the fire .

The certificate , besides containing the basic information outlined previously for labour-only payments , may also give an indication of the amount of the sub-contract and target cost .
the certificate , besides [having] the basic information outlined previously for labour-only payments , may also give an indication of the amount of the sub-contract and target cost .

‘ By the way , Oak , ’ said Mr Boldwood quietly , as he and the shepherd left the malthouse together , ‘ could you tell me whose writing this is ? ’ He showed Gabriel the envelope containing the valentine .
‘ by the way , oak , ’ said mr boldwood quietly , as he and the shepherd left the malthouse together , ‘ could you tell me whose writing this is ? ’ he showed gabriel the envelope [having] the valentine .

The club cashbox containing £3 2s 8d , two Co-op milk tokens and a First World War medal went missing .
the club cashbox [having] £3 2s 8d , two co-op milk tokens and a first world war medal went missing .

In the corner was a large gilt cage containing a number of stuffed birds with glossy black plumage , yellow beaks and sharp little eyes ; they were disconcertingly lifelike and for a moment Melanie thought they were real .
in the corner was a large gilt cage [having] a number of stuffed birds with glossy black plumage , yellow beaks and sharp little eyes ; they were disconcertingly lifelike and for a moment melanie thought they were real .

They ate at a round mahogany table with a stiff white cloth in a dining-room containing much heavy furniture .
they ate at a round mahogany table with a stiff white cloth in a dining-room [having] much heavy furniture .

She throbbed with the effort of containing words she could not speak .
she throbbed with the effort of [having] words she could not speak .

Christina took a picnic basket Celia had prepared that morning , containing bread rolls , fresh fruit , napkins , tablecloth , plastic cups and cutlery .
christina took a picnic basket celia had prepared that morning , [having] bread rolls , fresh fruit , napkins , tablecloth , plastic cups and cutlery .

The same remark applies to questions containing two or more distinct parts .
the same remark applies to questions [having] two or more distinct parts .

If your statute is later than the last Continuation Volume it will probably be in the Current Statutes Service , composing loose-leaf binders containing the latest statutes , annotations and index .
if your statute is later than the last continuation volume it will probably be in the current statutes service , composing loose-leaf binders [having] the latest statutes , annotations and index .

There they had put the seal-unit ; a big cylinder containing the air-pump and the emergency generator .
there they had put the seal-unit ; a big cylinder [having] the air-pump and the emergency generator .

All questions , as illustrated by the three quoted here , are designed to be brief ; Labov notes that questions formulated without preparation can often be lengthy and unclear , containing spontaneous conversation phenomena such as hesitations and false starts .
all questions , as illustrated by the three quoted here , are designed to be brief ; labov notes that questions formulated without preparation can often be lengthy and unclear , [having] spontaneous conversation phenomena such as hesitations and false starts .

For example if we are examining a rather impoverished little text containing only five tokens of ( h ) of which four are realized as [ h ] and one as [ ? ]
for example if we are examining a rather impoverished little text [having] only five tokens of ( h ) of which four are realized as [ h ] and one as [ ? ]

Data are often dirty , containing errors and gaps , and sociolinguistic data have similar characteristics ( see McEntegart and Le Page 1982 for an assessment of the difficulties of applying standard statistical techniques in sociolinguistics ) .
data are often dirty , [having] errors and gaps , and sociolinguistic data have similar characteristics ( see mcentegart and le page 1982 for an assessment of the difficulties of applying standard statistical techniques in sociolinguistics ) .

He has two race-horses owned To check this , 145 students were presented with twelve sentences , each containing the have-NP-V-en construction with a different verb , as shown in table 7.1 .
he has two race-horses owned to check this , 145 students were presented with twelve sentences , each [having] the have-np-v-en construction with a different verb , as shown in table 7.1 .

The charter party is the document made between the merchant and the bourgeois or the owner of the ship to make a voyage … The bill of lading is a document that the master of the vessel gives to the merchant-shipper in which he acknowledges having received on board a number of packages or cases containing the quantity or quality of merchandise to be consigned or delivered to a person in the place where the ship must go .
the charter party is the document made between the merchant and the bourgeois or the owner of the ship to make a voyage … the bill of lading is a document that the master of the vessel gives to the merchant-shipper in which he acknowledges having received on board a number of packages or cases [having] the quantity or quality of merchandise to be consigned or delivered to a person in the place where the ship must go .

In 1986 Mr Leon Brittan , the Home Secretary , resigned because he was held to be responsible for the leak of a letter containing the opinions of a law officer about the actions of the Secretary for Defence , Mr Michael Heseltine .
in 1986 mr leon brittan , the home secretary , resigned because he was held to be responsible for the leak of a letter [having] the opinions of a law officer about the actions of the secretary for defence , mr michael heseltine .

’ Lord Oliver spoke of the Government taking ‘ a terrible and unjustifiable risk ’ and of the papers containing much that was ‘ quite unacceptable ’
’ lord oliver spoke of the government taking ‘ a terrible and unjustifiable risk ’ and of the papers [having] much that was ‘ quite unacceptable ’

On 12 June 1965 an Honours List was published containing my name on the list of life peers .
on 12 june 1965 an honours list was published [having] my name on the list of life peers .

There were several other plates dotted about the table , one containing best gammon sandwiches , another holding generous helpings of pork pie , and the others mostly displaying white and brown triangles of bread and butter , to be heaped with a liberal spoonful of the plum preserve from the small barrel-shaped pot nearby .
there were several other plates dotted about the table , one [having] best gammon sandwiches , another holding generous helpings of pork pie , and the others mostly displaying white and brown triangles of bread and butter , to be heaped with a liberal spoonful of the plum preserve from the small barrel-shaped pot nearby .

But when they attacked an armoured van containing the Nazi payroll without his guidance , Chicot was killed , and Madeleine was captured .
but when they attacked an armoured van [having] the nazi payroll without his guidance , chicot was killed , and madeleine was captured .

Any such transformation will involve the compression of a diffuse key set , containing many gaps , into a much smaller range of addresses ; if this is not the case , the file should be self-indexed .
any such transformation will involve the compression of a diffuse key set , [having] many gaps , into a much smaller range of addresses ; if this is not the case , the file should be self-indexed .

Table 6.4 shows the expected percentage of overflow records when records are randomized to buckets containing from one to 600 records .
table 6.4 shows the expected percentage of overflow records when records are randomized to buckets [having] from one to 600 records .

All the higher indexes are collectively called the index set , and they are divided into index records containing a number of pointers .
all the higher indexes are collectively called the index set , and they are divided into index records [having] a number of pointers .

McDonell provided a useful analysis of what is involved in addition , deletion or modification of records , so far as the maintenance and use of associative key lists is concerned ; he defined an associative key list as ‘ a list for each indexed key which joins together all the main file records containing that key ’ .
mcdonell provided a useful analysis of what is involved in addition , deletion or modification of records , so far as the maintenance and use of associative key lists is concerned ; he defined an associative key list as ‘ a list for each indexed key which joins together all the main file records [having] that key ’ .

He had driven into London , then out again with a document case containing five thousand pounds .
he had driven into london , then out again with a document case [having] five thousand pounds .

Thus , in addition to the basic meaning of ‘ constitution ’ — a document containing , at the very least , a code of rules setting out the allocation of functions , powers and duties among the various agencies and officers of government — there is a wider meaning of constitution , according to which every democratic state has a constitution .
thus , in addition to the basic meaning of ‘ constitution ’ — a document [having] , at the very least , a code of rules setting out the allocation of functions , powers and duties among the various agencies and officers of government — there is a wider meaning of constitution , according to which every democratic state has a constitution .

In addition , the preamble to the Bill contained a false recital that plans of the lands and a book of reference to such plans containing the names of the owners , lessees and occupiers of the said land were duly deposited with the clerk of the county council .
in addition , the preamble to the bill contained a false recital that plans of the lands and a book of reference to such plans [having] the names of the owners , lessees and occupiers of the said land were duly deposited with the clerk of the county council .

Some communities have a number of branch houses , containing perhaps only three or four members , and some are reduced to a handful of elderly professed members .
some communities have a number of branch houses , [having] perhaps only three or four members , and some are reduced to a handful of elderly professed members .

In the meantime , the Trust has compiled a directory , to be published in 1992 , containing information about the copyright of texts included in some two hundred collections of hymns and songs .
in the meantime , the trust has compiled a directory , to be published in 1992 , [having] information about the copyright of texts included in some two hundred collections of hymns and songs .

Each local authority must compile a register containing the names and addresses of those within the area who are liable to pay the tax and the dates from which they become , or cease to be , liable .
each local authority must compile a register [having] the names and addresses of those within the area who are liable to pay the tax and the dates from which they become , or cease to be , liable .

Similarly , other pensioner households , containing married couples , would be floated off supplementary benefit by an increase in the married couple 's rate of £8 a week .
similarly , other pensioner households , [having] married couples , would be floated off supplementary benefit by an increase in the married couple 's rate of £8 a week .

Glossily produced and containing lots of advertisements from local businesses ( eighteen of the thirty pages were advertising ) , Looking Right delighted in flippancy .
glossily produced and [having] lots of advertisements from local businesses ( eighteen of the thirty pages were advertising ) , looking right delighted in flippancy .

The image of a complex conspiracy can be found in other conspiracy theories containing the antisemitic themes which are lacking in None Dare Call It Conspiracy .
the image of a complex conspiracy can be found in other conspiracy theories [having] the antisemitic themes which are lacking in none dare call it conspiracy .

containing the names and particulars of the directors and secretary and a consent signed by each of them to act in the relevant capacity ; and
[having] the names and particulars of the directors and secretary and a consent signed by each of them to act in the relevant capacity ; and

In the other region ( a mixed area containing substantial rural zones ) there are , in addition to the field officers , a number of senior and junior posts .
in the other region ( a mixed area [having] substantial rural zones ) there are , in addition to the field officers , a number of senior and junior posts .

An important consequence of these practices for the agency ( connected with the familiar tendency to treat agency enforcement statistics as some sort of index of compliance ) is that the publication of yearbooks containing sample results provides a statistical portrayal of non-compliance .
an important consequence of these practices for the agency ( connected with the familiar tendency to treat agency enforcement statistics as some sort of index of compliance ) is that the publication of yearbooks [having] sample results provides a statistical portrayal of non-compliance .

They typically have numerous possibilities of substitution in a sentence : It is with words containing open set elements that lexical semantics is principally concerned .
they typically have numerous possibilities of substitution in a sentence : it is with words [having] open set elements that lexical semantics is principally concerned .

Although not all words containing these sounds manifest the ( usually somewhat indeterminate ) meaning , it is capable of transferring to new coinages .
although not all words [having] these sounds manifest the ( usually somewhat indeterminate ) meaning , it is capable of transferring to new coinages .

Each affix is obligatorily attached to a stem containing or consisting of an open set item : dis-obey , un-popular , central-ise , dismount-ed , long-er , etc .
each affix is obligatorily attached to a stem [having] or consisting of an open set item : dis-obey , un-popular , central-ise , dismount-ed , long-er , etc .

However , by no means all hyponyms stand in a relation of cognitive equivalence with an expression containing a superordinate .
however , by no means all hyponyms stand in a relation of cognitive equivalence with an expression [having] a superordinate .

The term whose meaning is included in this way will be called the endonym , and the containing term will be called the exonym .
the term whose meaning is included in this way will be called the endonym , and the [having] term will be called the exonym .

Sometimes conditions could be even worse : Godwin , for example , describes a London court where ‘ the basement story of nearly all the houses was filled with foetid refuse , of which it had been the receptacle for years ’ , and one water barrel of 50 to 60 gallons is intended to serve two houses , containing between them at least a hundred people .
sometimes conditions could be even worse : godwin , for example , describes a london court where ‘ the basement story of nearly all the houses was filled with foetid refuse , of which it had been the receptacle for years ’ , and one water barrel of 50 to 60 gallons is intended to serve two houses , [having] between them at least a hundred people .

containing as it does Professor Hoskins ' evocative explanation of the piece of the English landscape visible from the window of his study in Oxfordshire .
[having] as it does professor hoskins ' evocative explanation of the piece of the english landscape visible from the window of his study in oxfordshire .

There are some unusually good things to see inside the church of Saint-Savin : a ‘ Eucharist tower ’ twenty feet and three storeys high , Gothic in style , and made of gilded wood ; two primitive fifteenth-century panels , each containing nine scenes from the life of the church 's name-saint ; a Renaissance organ carried on what is left of a wooden gallery that once ran right across the church , from transept to transept — on the front of the instrument are three articulated mascarons , which moved their eyes and tongues as the organ played , in representation of wretched earthly sinners , grimacing at the intolerable sound of joyful , heavenly music .
there are some unusually good things to see inside the church of saint-savin : a ‘ eucharist tower ’ twenty feet and three storeys high , gothic in style , and made of gilded wood ; two primitive fifteenth-century panels , each [having] nine scenes from the life of the church 's name-saint ; a renaissance organ carried on what is left of a wooden gallery that once ran right across the church , from transept to transept — on the front of the instrument are three articulated mascarons , which moved their eyes and tongues as the organ played , in representation of wretched earthly sinners , grimacing at the intolerable sound of joyful , heavenly music .

The numerous surveys of ( their own ) `` temps `` conducted by agencies supplying secretarial and office staff ( see , for example , Alfred Marks , 1982 ; Reed , 1986 ; Manpower , 1986 ) , whilst suffering from selectivity bias and/or containing leading questions , show that a substantial proportion of `` temps `` are looking for permanent jobs ; but they also suggest that some of these at least are using their experience of temporary jobs to find out what sort of permanent work they would like .
the numerous surveys of ( their own ) `` temps `` conducted by agencies supplying secretarial and office staff ( see , for example , alfred marks , 1982 ; reed , 1986 ; manpower , 1986 ) , whilst suffering from selectivity bias and/or [having] leading questions , show that a substantial proportion of `` temps `` are looking for permanent jobs ; but they also suggest that some of these at least are using their experience of temporary jobs to find out what sort of permanent work they would like .

For instance , a reference space check may indicate two components as clashing , whilst in a local space , again containing both , it may be possible simply to show their separation ( see Figure 2.27 ) .
for instance , a reference space check may indicate two components as clashing , whilst in a local space , again [having] both , it may be possible simply to show their separation ( see figure 2.27 ) .

The procedure thus adopted is one of first checking the spatial relationships in the orthogonal reference space and , if not as desired , moving down to a local containing domain before the uncertainty is reported .
the procedure thus adopted is one of first checking the spatial relationships in the orthogonal reference space and , if not as desired , moving down to a local [having] domain before the uncertainty is reported .

The required functional calculation program would thus be called by the declaration of a geometric sub-domain in the model containing the necessary geometric parameters .
the required functional calculation program would thus be called by the declaration of a geometric sub-domain in the model [having] the necessary geometric parameters .

Records containing elements of the major groupings are thus created and the relating links between groups constructed ( see Figure 5.4 ) .
records [having] elements of the major groupings are thus created and the relating links between groups constructed ( see figure 5.4 ) .

Whilst all can be accessed via the keyboard , it is planned to provide each member with an individual menu containing all the functions necessary to carry out a prescribed set of activities .
whilst all can be accessed via the keyboard , it is planned to provide each member with an individual menu [having] all the functions necessary to carry out a prescribed set of activities .

By searching a data file containing all the piece-part `` boxes `` for geometric domains , the simple relationship between parts can be established ; the boxes can be shown to be remote , adjacent , interfering and inserted .
by searching a data file [having] all the piece-part `` boxes `` for geometric domains , the simple relationship between parts can be established ; the boxes can be shown to be remote , adjacent , interfering and inserted .

The data is held as a two-dimensional array , each row representing a part in which each of the columns containing various data about the parts .
the data is held as a two-dimensional array , each row representing a part in which each of the columns [having] various data about the parts .

The first two of these constraints can be checked by inspection of part spatial files containing box excursions and sectional silhouettes , respectively .
the first two of these constraints can be checked by inspection of part spatial files [having] box excursions and sectional silhouettes , respectively .

Carry the Lecfile with you , containing perhaps two or three of the last sheets that you were working on at the previous lecture .
carry the lecfile with you , [having] perhaps two or three of the last sheets that you were working on at the previous lecture .

The Shelfolds containing the gold nuggets of opinion and information that you have dug up will be written round the key words .
the shelfolds [having] the gold nuggets of opinion and information that you have dug up will be written round the key words .

We picked five textbooks at random , each textbook containing a chapter on shear force and bending moment .
we picked five textbooks at random , each textbook [having] a chapter on shear force and bending moment .

If you can not find the book on the length of shelf containing books of the same class number , then it is probably out on loan .
if you can not find the book on the length of shelf [having] books of the same class number , then it is probably out on loan .

Find the shelves containing that class number and you will have access to all the books on that topic that are not out on loan .
find the shelves [having] that class number and you will have access to all the books on that topic that are not out on loan .

If you were wise at the time , you will have had a second report bound up and filed , containing every fact used , every reference studied , all the results of tests , every reason you had in mind when you drew your conclusions — and you alone will have access to these private notes .
if you were wise at the time , you will have had a second report bound up and filed , [having] every fact used , every reference studied , all the results of tests , every reason you had in mind when you drew your conclusions — and you alone will have access to these private notes .

Perhaps the papers must be examined twice by two different examiners in different parts of the country ; the marks must be sent in to the central body by a certain date ; there may be not only scores of examination papers but hundreds , each of them containing the attempts of several questions .
perhaps the papers must be examined twice by two different examiners in different parts of the country ; the marks must be sent in to the central body by a certain date ; there may be not only scores of examination papers but hundreds , each of them [having] the attempts of several questions .

The brain receives information about red , blue and green light from the cones and mixes them to produce a multi-coloured image containing a vast range of hues .
the brain receives information about red , blue and green light from the cones and mixes them to produce a multi-coloured image [having] a vast range of hues .

The scallop has a tiny biological mirror at the back of each eye which acts as a concave reflector , focusing an image onto a retina containing 5000 light detectors .
the scallop has a tiny biological mirror at the back of each eye which acts as a concave reflector , focusing an image onto a retina [having] 5000 light detectors .

It surveys its gloomy world with two parabolic reflectors which direct light onto a retina at their centre containing nearly 1000 light detectors .
it surveys its gloomy world with two parabolic reflectors which direct light onto a retina at their centre [having] nearly 1000 light detectors .

However , instead of sweeping through the frequencies with each pulse , the dolphins emit instantaneous bursts of sound containing a wide range of frequencies .
however , instead of sweeping through the frequencies with each pulse , the dolphins emit instantaneous bursts of sound [having] a wide range of frequencies .

We use a vast range of soaps and deodorants to attack our bodies , particularly those areas containing apocrine glands , in an often vain attempt to eliminate these odours .
we use a vast range of soaps and deodorants to attack our bodies , particularly those areas [having] apocrine glands , in an often vain attempt to eliminate these odours .

Evidence for salmon 's use of smell was provided by salmon reared in tanks containing minutes amounts of synthetic chemicals .
evidence for salmon 's use of smell was provided by salmon reared in tanks [having] minutes amounts of synthetic chemicals .

Obsessed with personal hygiene , we try to scrub away every trace of human scent , and then add perfumes containing the sexual scents of other animals .
obsessed with personal hygiene , we try to scrub away every trace of human scent , and then add perfumes [having] the sexual scents of other animals .

In the future , it might be possible for us to reset our body clock to the new time zone quickly , by taking a pill containing melatonin at the appropriate time of day .
in the future , it might be possible for us to reset our body clock to the new time zone quickly , by taking a pill [having] melatonin at the appropriate time of day .

From it she took a string bag , in which was a paper bag , containing knitting , a lemonade bottle wrapped in greaseproof , and two heavy books .
from it she took a string bag , in which was a paper bag , [having] knitting , a lemonade bottle wrapped in greaseproof , and two heavy books .

The day she came , Stephanie went up and put flowers on the dressing-table , a potted cyclamen , almost maroon in its dark red-purple , a crystal vase , a wedding present , containing asters , violet , cherry-pink , shell-pink .
the day she came , stephanie went up and put flowers on the dressing-table , a potted cyclamen , almost maroon in its dark red-purple , a crystal vase , a wedding present , [having] asters , violet , cherry-pink , shell-pink .

He saw a house , the house , almost the house a child draws in its infant school , four windows , chimney , door , garden path , lazy-daisy looped flowers in rectangular parterres , only this house was also a crudely three-dimensional flimsy box , barely containing something very large and very much alive , covered with rusty pelt , so that every aperture bulged with glowing fur , was pushed outwards , cracking , and a claw showed here on a sill , and a ripple of muscle there .
he saw a house , the house , almost the house a child draws in its infant school , four windows , chimney , door , garden path , lazy-daisy looped flowers in rectangular parterres , only this house was also a crudely three-dimensional flimsy box , barely [having] something very large and very much alive , covered with rusty pelt , so that every aperture bulged with glowing fur , was pushed outwards , cracking , and a claw showed here on a sill , and a ripple of muscle there .

In this dream she had been locked into the school library with an exam paper containing one question and one only : Compare and contrast narrative method in Proust and Tom Jones .
in this dream she had been locked into the school library with an exam paper [having] one question and one only : compare and contrast narrative method in proust and tom jones .

an authorised person under the Financial Services Act 1986 or , a member of a group containing one of the above .
an authorised person under the financial services act 1986 or , a member of a group [having] one of the above .

For many centuries it remained in the hands mainly of the monastic houses , where there was always a physic garden containing the herbs required by the prevailing medical incumbent .
for many centuries it remained in the hands mainly of the monastic houses , where there was always a physic garden [having] the herbs required by the prevailing medical incumbent .

Walls built to support terraces , used as boundaries , forming part of a flight of steps , containing raised beds and so on , whether brick or stone , lend themselves to planting actually in their fabric .
walls built to support terraces , used as boundaries , forming part of a flight of steps , [having] raised beds and so on , whether brick or stone , lend themselves to planting actually in their fabric .

This style is , of course , ideal for containing herbs and formalizing them ; to be truly knot-like , however , all the plants should be low-growing , so that they can be looked down upon , and the intertwined pattern clearly seen .
this style is , of course , ideal for [having] herbs and formalizing them ; to be truly knot-like , however , all the plants should be low-growing , so that they can be looked down upon , and the intertwined pattern clearly seen .

For instance , collecting botanical families of herbs , one to a border , will reveal that the Lablatae , Umbelliferae and Compositae are the ones containing the most herbal plants at present in use in Europe and North America .
for instance , collecting botanical families of herbs , one to a border , will reveal that the lablatae , umbelliferae and compositae are the ones [having] the most herbal plants at present in use in europe and north america .

Composts for herbs in containers do not have to be elaborate mixtures , and the prepacked soilless kinds whose bulk is peat and sand , or those containing loam such as the John Innes mixes , are excellent .
composts for herbs in containers do not have to be elaborate mixtures , and the prepacked soilless kinds whose bulk is peat and sand , or those [having] loam such as the john innes mixes , are excellent .

The genus Salvia is a large one , containing a variety of plant types and including species from temperate and subtropical parts of the world .
the genus salvia is a large one , [having] a variety of plant types and including species from temperate and subtropical parts of the world .

At one time it was thought that high-fibre diets containing bran would be successful , but this has not proved to be the case .
at one time it was thought that high-fibre diets [having] bran would be successful , but this has not proved to be the case .

Foods containing milk , cream , cheese , milk solids , non-fat milk solids , lactalbumin , whey , caseinates , and lactose should be avoided .
foods [having] milk , cream , cheese , milk solids , non-fat milk solids , lactalbumin , whey , caseinates , and lactose should be avoided .

Animal fats , some vegetable fats , hard margarines , lard , dripping and suet are out , as are palm oil and coconut oil , and foods containing them .
animal fats , some vegetable fats , hard margarines , lard , dripping and suet are out , as are palm oil and coconut oil , and foods [having] them .

This includes any foods containing yeast extract : Marmite , Oxo , Knorr and other stock cubes , vinegar , any pickled food , chutneys , piccalilli , sauces , or condiments containing yeast extract or vinegar .
this includes any foods [having] yeast extract : marmite , oxo , knorr and other stock cubes , vinegar , any pickled food , chutneys , piccalilli , sauces , or condiments [having] yeast extract or vinegar .

This week we are asking you to reintroduce to your diet foods containing yeast , including : marmite and other yeast extracts vinegars mushrooms Oxo , Knorr and other stock cubes pickled foods condiments or sauces e.g. pickle or chutney you will need to ensure you read the labels carefully when shopping , as many different types of food contain yeast or yeast extract .
this week we are asking you to reintroduce to your diet foods [having] yeast , including : marmite and other yeast extracts vinegars mushrooms oxo , knorr and other stock cubes pickled foods condiments or sauces e.g. pickle or chutney you will need to ensure you read the labels carefully when shopping , as many different types of food contain yeast or yeast extract .

Foods rich in yeast include all bread except soda bread , all yeast extract spreads e.g. marmite , many savoury snacks , alcoholic beverages , vinegar and foods preserved in or containing vinegar .
foods rich in yeast include all bread except soda bread , all yeast extract spreads e.g. marmite , many savoury snacks , alcoholic beverages , vinegar and foods preserved in or [having] vinegar .

If foods containing yeast and alcohol were a surprise to you , i.e .
if foods [having] yeast and alcohol were a surprise to you , i.e .

Before getting too excited , you must remember that this is a weight-loss diet and consequently drinks and foods containing chocolate must be included in the diet within the confines of your calorie allowance , and that does n't mean just eating 1,000 calories worth of chocolate per day ( equal to 2 and a half king-size Mars Bars ) .
before getting too excited , you must remember that this is a weight-loss diet and consequently drinks and foods [having] chocolate must be included in the diet within the confines of your calorie allowance , and that does n't mean just eating 1,000 calories worth of chocolate per day ( equal to 2 and a half king-size mars bars ) .

As a precaution he returned leisurely to his bedroom to collect the case containing his business papers and the revolver he habitually carried .
as a precaution he returned leisurely to his bedroom to collect the case [having] his business papers and the revolver he habitually carried .

Bristol was a turbulent port containing all the ingredients for a riot .
bristol was a turbulent port [having] all the ingredients for a riot .

There was an inner bailey containing the buildings of greatest importance .
there was an inner bailey [having] the buildings of greatest importance .

Outside this was a citadel , fortified like the inner bailey , but containing a greater number of buildings .
outside this was a citadel , fortified like the inner bailey , but [having] a greater number of buildings .

It is quite possible to establish a cichlid community tank containing cichlids of the Cichlasoma genus , not only the larger ones , without too many problems .
it is quite possible to establish a cichlid community tank [having] cichlids of the cichlasoma genus , not only the larger ones , without too many problems .

To set up such a tank containing only the larger species so that they live in a harmonious group requires careful thought .
to set up such a tank [having] only the larger species so that they live in a harmonious group requires careful thought .

One author maintains several cichlid community aquariums containing some of the most unlikely mixtures .
one author maintains several cichlid community aquariums [having] some of the most unlikely mixtures .

Do not buy snails from a tank containing empty shells or dead snails .
do not buy snails from a tank [having] empty shells or dead snails .

Avoid those containing methylene blue , which may halt the activity of filter bacteria ; be sure to calculate the dosage correctly ( for which you will need to know the exact volume of your pond , including filter capacity ) ; and check that Orfe , Rudd and any Centrarchids like Sun bass will not be adversely affected .
avoid those [having] methylene blue , which may halt the activity of filter bacteria ; be sure to calculate the dosage correctly ( for which you will need to know the exact volume of your pond , including filter capacity ) ; and check that orfe , rudd and any centrarchids like sun bass will not be adversely affected .

The negative , containing the latent image of the figure but otherwise unexposed , is not yet developed ; instead it is run through the printer again , this time bipacked with the male matte and the positive of the background , the White House The previously unexposed portion of the negative will now contain images of this background , while the previously exposed portion , protected by the matte , receives no more light and is unaffected by the second run .
the negative , [having] the latent image of the figure but otherwise unexposed , is not yet developed ; instead it is run through the printer again , this time bipacked with the male matte and the positive of the background , the white house the previously unexposed portion of the negative will now contain images of this background , while the previously exposed portion , protected by the matte , receives no more light and is unaffected by the second run .

To take only one example , the planet Jupiter had to be represented correctly , including its moving cloud formations , before the fantasy element where a black hole containing obelisks ‘ devours ’ the planet and turns it into a sun .
to take only one example , the planet jupiter had to be represented correctly , including its moving cloud formations , before the fantasy element where a black hole [having] obelisks ‘ devours ’ the planet and turns it into a sun .

an unedited version containing inadmissible material from being handed over .
an unedited version [having] inadmissible material from being handed over .

93 , where the unsuccessful contention on appeal was that the admission of an interview containing some answers and some refusals to comment amounted to a breach of the right to silence .
93 , where the unsuccessful contention on appeal was that the admission of an interview [having] some answers and some refusals to comment amounted to a breach of the right to silence .

This conflict of interest must ultimately be resolved since a social system containing such contradictions can not survive unchanged .
this conflict of interest must ultimately be resolved since a social system [having] such contradictions can not survive unchanged .

Apart from containing pictures of part of the scene where it is said the violent disorder had taken place and an incident leading up to the arrival of the police which was held to be part of the res gestae , the tape would have been useful to establish alibis some defendants wished to rely upon in respect of their presence in the club at a relevant time and the timing between significant incidents .
apart from [having] pictures of part of the scene where it is said the violent disorder had taken place and an incident leading up to the arrival of the police which was held to be part of the res gestae , the tape would have been useful to establish alibis some defendants wished to rely upon in respect of their presence in the club at a relevant time and the timing between significant incidents .

At last a pick-up truck came bumping up the track , containing Giovanna 's fat and apparently unsatisfactory husband and a detachment of villagers , including the old men , Molly was sure , who had sat on the wall by the petrol pumps mocking her .
at last a pick-up truck came bumping up the track , [having] giovanna 's fat and apparently unsatisfactory husband and a detachment of villagers , including the old men , molly was sure , who had sat on the wall by the petrol pumps mocking her .

By far the more important comprised rivers flowing down from the Kunlun Mountains in the regions of Khotan and Yarkand on the south-eastern margin of the great basin containing the Taklamakan Desert .
by far the more important comprised rivers flowing down from the kunlun mountains in the regions of khotan and yarkand on the south-eastern margin of the great basin [having] the taklamakan desert .

By the same token contracts drawn up for Italian fresco painters during the Renaissance commonly stipulated the use of ultramarine containing powdered lapis lazuli for the Virgin 's cloak .
by the same token contracts drawn up for italian fresco painters during the renaissance commonly stipulated the use of ultramarine [having] powdered lapis lazuli for the virgin 's cloak .

As well as containing the Muslim legal , military and administrative officials , the cities were the homes of craftsmen , organised in guilds whose members could be either Muslim or zimmi ( non-Muslim citizens under the protection of the sultan ) .
as well as [having] the muslim legal , military and administrative officials , the cities were the homes of craftsmen , organised in guilds whose members could be either muslim or zimmi ( non-muslim citizens under the protection of the sultan ) .

There was also a cold-cream jar containing marijuana jam .
there was also a cold-cream jar [having] marijuana jam .

Until recent changes in the structure of the civil service , designed to reduce barriers between the various grades and to stress the importance of many of the managerial roles played in connection with policy implementation , it was possible to draw a fairly clear distinction between the ‘ administrative class ’ , containing the ‘ higher ’ civil servants responsible for policy , and the rest of the civil service .
until recent changes in the structure of the civil service , designed to reduce barriers between the various grades and to stress the importance of many of the managerial roles played in connection with policy implementation , it was possible to draw a fairly clear distinction between the ‘ administrative class ’ , [having] the ‘ higher ’ civil servants responsible for policy , and the rest of the civil service .

In the field of manpower policy the Manpower Services Commission , containing representatives from both sides of industry , has been delegated extensive responsibilities by the Department of Employment .
in the field of manpower policy the manpower services commission , [having] representatives from both sides of industry , has been delegated extensive responsibilities by the department of employment .

containing two red fish with instructions
[having] two red fish with instructions

Moreover , as with studies of resource allocation and budgeting in households containing young children ( Graham , 1987a , 1987b ; Craig and Glendinning , 1990a ) , research has begun to uncover the unequal ways in which these pressures are experienced within care-giving households , with carers lowering their own standards of living in order to safeguard the needs of the person receiving care .
moreover , as with studies of resource allocation and budgeting in households [having] young children ( graham , 1987a , 1987b ; craig and glendinning , 1990a ) , research has begun to uncover the unequal ways in which these pressures are experienced within care-giving households , with carers lowering their own standards of living in order to safeguard the needs of the person receiving care .

The tube has an inner diameter that fits the most commonly used centrifuge tube containing the spin columns .
the tube has an inner diameter that fits the most commonly used centrifuge tube [having] the spin columns .

They should be replaced by a plexiglass box containing a disposable plastic bag .
they should be replaced by a plexiglass box [having] a disposable plastic bag .

Finally , there 's an option to create a ‘ rescue ’ disk ; a bootable floppy containing vital hard disk info , enabling you to go back to square one if the worst comes to the worst .
finally , there 's an option to create a ‘ rescue ’ disk ; a bootable floppy [having] vital hard disk info , enabling you to go back to square one if the worst comes to the worst .

Tumour infiltrating lymphocytes can be harvested from tumour biopsy specimens , grown in vitro , and infected with suitable retroviruses containing human cytokine genes .
tumour infiltrating lymphocytes can be harvested from tumour biopsy specimens , grown in vitro , and infected with suitable retroviruses [having] human cytokine genes .

Thus disabled viruses that can not reproduce themselves , suicide marker genes that can destroy cells containing the relevant vector when required , and close examination of clinical protocols by national ethical and scientific committees all help to limit potential problems .
thus disabled viruses that can not reproduce themselves , suicide marker genes that can destroy cells [having] the relevant vector when required , and close examination of clinical protocols by national ethical and scientific committees all help to limit potential problems .

For example , formation of secondary tumours by injected melanoma cells in mice was inhibited by simultaneous injection of a short synthetic peptide containing the -arg-gly-asp-tripeptide that blocks integrin α5β1 binding to fibronectin , strongly suggesting a role for matrix adhesion in the formation of metastases .
for example , formation of secondary tumours by injected melanoma cells in mice was inhibited by simultaneous injection of a short synthetic peptide [having] the -arg-gly-asp-tripeptide that blocks integrin α5β1 binding to fibronectin , strongly suggesting a role for matrix adhesion in the formation of metastases .

Peripheral neuropathy after use of arsenic containing ethnic remedies has been reported from India , but is not a recognised health hazard in the United Kingdom .
peripheral neuropathy after use of arsenic [having] ethnic remedies has been reported from india , but is not a recognised health hazard in the united kingdom .

Also , the proportion of households containing one person living alone increased between 1981 and 1991 from 22 % to 26 % , and the proportion of households containing only one adult and at least one child increased from 2 % to 4 % .
also , the proportion of households [having] one person living alone increased between 1981 and 1991 from 22 % to 26 % , and the proportion of households [having] only one adult and at least one child increased from 2 % to 4 % .

’ To estimate the proportion of oil workers needed to influence the incidence of childhood leukaemia in a rural population , we created three categories containing different proportions of oil workers but with similar populations of children .
’ to estimate the proportion of oil workers needed to influence the incidence of childhood leukaemia in a rural population , we created three categories [having] different proportions of oil workers but with similar populations of children .

Claim forms for night visits , each containing details of up to 10 visits , are processed for payment and then filed by practice and by the quarter of the year .
claim forms for night visits , each [having] details of up to 10 visits , are processed for payment and then filed by practice and by the quarter of the year .

To label them prion diseases , which implies that the causal organism is a self replicating protein containing no nucleic acid , is to obstruct research .
to label them prion diseases , which implies that the causal organism is a self replicating protein [having] no nucleic acid , is to obstruct research .

It is appropriate , too , that an attractive modern building here houses the country 's Federal Archives containing among other items the solemn pact of 1291 , the signing of which by representatives of Schwyz , Uri and Unterwllden was the decisive step in the evolution of Switzerland as we know it .
it is appropriate , too , that an attractive modern building here houses the country 's federal archives [having] among other items the solemn pact of 1291 , the signing of which by representatives of schwyz , uri and unterwllden was the decisive step in the evolution of switzerland as we know it .

During the interval a parcel containing fruit , confections and fancy bread was handed to all present .
during the interval a parcel [having] fruit , confections and fancy bread was handed to all present .

The Medicines Control Agency may not be entirely blameless in this as for years it has tolerated the marketing of other nicotine containing products of unproved value or quality without licence .
the medicines control agency may not be entirely blameless in this as for years it has tolerated the marketing of other nicotine [having] products of unproved value or quality without licence .

Maxwell took three identical pictures of a brightly coloured tartan ribbon , consecutively through three separate filters containing red , blue and green liquid .
maxwell took three identical pictures of a brightly coloured tartan ribbon , consecutively through three separate filters [having] red , blue and green liquid .

Inhaled β 2 agonists and drinks containing caffeine were withheld for 12 hours before each study .
inhaled β 2 agonists and drinks [having] caffeine were withheld for 12 hours before each study .

In addition , samples containing granulomatous lesions from patients with acute disease should be most likely to contain a causative pathogen .
in addition , samples [having] granulomatous lesions from patients with acute disease should be most likely to contain a causative pathogen .

We therefore applied these techniques to archival tissues containing sarcoid granulomas and further investigated the viability of this widely available tissue source in research based on polymerase chain reaction techniques .
we therefore applied these techniques to archival tissues [having] sarcoid granulomas and further investigated the viability of this widely available tissue source in research based on polymerase chain reaction techniques .

Resistant propionibacteria were detected by rubbing facial skin with a moistened swab , which was used to inoculate a series of plates containing selective antibiotics .
resistant propionibacteria were detected by rubbing facial skin with a moistened swab , which was used to inoculate a series of plates [having] selective antibiotics .

The main aim , usually , is to show that sentences containing what are regarded as bogus designators can be adequately replaced by other sentences which do not contain such designators , and hence that the `` real `` topic in the given instance is in fact different to what it appears to be .
the main aim , usually , is to show that sentences [having] what are regarded as bogus designators can be adequately replaced by other sentences which do not contain such designators , and hence that the `` real `` topic in the given instance is in fact different to what it appears to be .

C/EBPδ activates transcription of a promoter containing IL-6REs from an acute phase gene
c/ebpδ activates transcription of a promoter [having] il-6res from an acute phase gene

Isolation of recombinant lambda phage LPw2-13 containing the coxI gene is described in the Material and Methods section .
isolation of recombinant lambda phage lpw2-13 [having] the coxi gene is described in the material and methods section .

Firstly , because they are derived without adjustment for standardised mortality ratio their use in a formula containing standardised mortality ratio will result in considerable double counting .
firstly , because they are derived without adjustment for standardised mortality ratio their use in a formula [having] standardised mortality ratio will result in considerable double counting .

The second report concerned two boys in India who developed acute haemolysis after a ‘ binge of fizzy drinks ’ containing 4–6 g ascorbic acid .
the second report concerned two boys in india who developed acute haemolysis after a ‘ binge of fizzy drinks ’ [having] 4–6 g ascorbic acid .

Some have their own libraries of archaeological books for use by their members , usually containing a much wider range than are held by public libraries or are available in bookshops .
some have their own libraries of archaeological books for use by their members , usually [having] a much wider range than are held by public libraries or are available in bookshops .

Finally , both groups progressed in the same way when they realised that a basic structure containing some predetermined questions was very important but that scope for flexibility and improvising questions was equally important .
finally , both groups progressed in the same way when they realised that a basic structure [having] some predetermined questions was very important but that scope for flexibility and improvising questions was equally important .

Michael compares their histories with his own : eleven years of special schooling , the assessment by training officers for ‘ employability ’ ( they , like he , were told they were ‘ unemployable ’ ) , the static , containing world of the activity centre .
michael compares their histories with his own : eleven years of special schooling , the assessment by training officers for ‘ employability ’ ( they , like he , were told they were ‘ unemployable ’ ) , the static , [having] world of the activity centre .

Or will there be a flowering of research papers , neither pedestrian nor spectacular , containing solid and original results obtained by techniques for which the computer is indispensable ?
or will there be a flowering of research papers , neither pedestrian nor spectacular , [having] solid and original results obtained by techniques for which the computer is indispensable ?

The changing age structure , with people living longer , is producing an increasingly large proportion of elderly households often containing only one person .
the changing age structure , with people living longer , is producing an increasingly large proportion of elderly households often [having] only one person .

Since the 1960s , there has been a significant rise in the proportions of households containing people living alone and single parents with dependent children .
since the 1960s , there has been a significant rise in the proportions of households [having] people living alone and single parents with dependent children .

( The category ‘ Other households ’ includes households containing two or more unrelated people , lone parents with independent children , and more than one family . )
( the category ‘ other households ’ includes households [having] two or more unrelated people , lone parents with independent children , and more than one family . )

The National Council for One Parent Families estimated that , in 1982 , there were about one million one-parent families , containing 1.6 million children .
the national council for one parent families estimated that , in 1982 , there were about one million one-parent families , [having] 1.6 million children .

The first is the requirement that not later than 13 weeks after the beginning of the employment , an employee is entitled to a written statement containing particulars of the terms of the employment , which must include details of disciplinary and grievance procedures available to the employee , unless the employer employs fewer than 20 people .
the first is the requirement that not later than 13 weeks after the beginning of the employment , an employee is entitled to a written statement [having] particulars of the terms of the employment , which must include details of disciplinary and grievance procedures available to the employee , unless the employer employs fewer than 20 people .

Parties to litigation in the High Court or a county court do not receive a full written judgment containing the trial judge 's reasoning .
parties to litigation in the high court or a county court do not receive a full written judgment [having] the trial judge 's reasoning .

This is despite , in addition to the special process of appointment , the presentation of elaborate written briefs and in appropriate cases ‘ Brandeis briefs ’ containing detailed economic and social data pertinent to the issue being litigated .
this is despite , in addition to the special process of appointment , the presentation of elaborate written briefs and in appropriate cases ‘ brandeis briefs ’ [having] detailed economic and social data pertinent to the issue being litigated .

The academic stage of training is satisfied by completion of a qualifying law degree containing the six core subjects or by passing the Common Professional Examination .
the academic stage of training is satisfied by completion of a qualifying law degree [having] the six core subjects or by passing the common professional examination .

The overall effect is to produce speech which is less richly organised than written language , containing less densely packed information , but containing more interactive markers and planning ‘ fillers ’ .
the overall effect is to produce speech which is less richly organised than written language , [having] less densely packed information , but [having] more interactive markers and planning ‘ fillers ’ .

indicated object co-ordinate : to account for sentences containing demonstrative phrases like this , those , etc .
indicated object co-ordinate : to account for sentences [having] demonstrative phrases like this , those , etc .

He has a worked example in which a single structural paragraph derives from a newspaper article containing five orthographic paragraphs .
he has a worked example in which a single structural paragraph derives from a newspaper article [having] five orthographic paragraphs .

Yet , some obituaries extend to twenty or more orthographic paragraphs ‘ about ’ the one person , and whole chapters of novels , containing over a hundred lengthy orthographic paragraphs , may be ‘ about ’ the same individual .
yet , some obituaries extend to twenty or more orthographic paragraphs ‘ about ’ the one person , and whole chapters of novels , [having] over a hundred lengthy orthographic paragraphs , may be ‘ about ’ the same individual .

We shall examine an extract from conversational discourse containing a longish paratone which illustrates the features just described .
we shall examine an extract from conversational discourse [having] a longish paratone which illustrates the features just described .

Herring congregate in immense shoals , half a mile across , containing many millions of individuals .
herring congregate in immense shoals , half a mile across , [having] many millions of individuals .

If it rises too high , the workers bring in not nectar but water , and deposit it in droplets and puddles around the cells containing the developing larvae , which are particularly sensitive to over-heating .
if it rises too high , the workers bring in not nectar but water , and deposit it in droplets and puddles around the cells [having] the developing larvae , which are particularly sensitive to over-heating .

The three children find a cave containing relics of a previous civilisation .
the three children find a cave [having] relics of a previous civilisation .

Preston 's father had decided to vary the tradition by volunteering , whilst in the Royal Navy , to be bombed by a low-flying aircraft with bags containing radioactive dust .
preston 's father had decided to vary the tradition by volunteering , whilst in the royal navy , to be bombed by a low-flying aircraft with bags [having] radioactive dust .

He found it difficult to talk ; having found a bottle containing tincture of iodine in the First Aid box , he held a saturated plug of cotton wool against his raging tooth .
he found it difficult to talk ; having found a bottle [having] tincture of iodine in the first aid box , he held a saturated plug of cotton wool against his raging tooth .

Once again , television and radio refused to carry advertisements for the record , and in Nottingham the manager of the Virgin shop was charged under the Indecent Advertisement Act , 1899 , for displaying album covers and promotional material containing the word bollocks ‘ in letters four inches high ’ in his shop window .
once again , television and radio refused to carry advertisements for the record , and in nottingham the manager of the virgin shop was charged under the indecent advertisement act , 1899 , for displaying album covers and promotional material [having] the word bollocks ‘ in letters four inches high ’ in his shop window .

Branson and Berry had brought with them a suitcase containing several thousands of American dollars , which was carried coolly through Customs , in defiance of the local currency regulations .
branson and berry had brought with them a suitcase [having] several thousands of american dollars , which was carried coolly through customs , in defiance of the local currency regulations .

It consists of a plastic 3*3 square containing eight little tiles and one empty space .
it consists of a plastic 3*3 square [having] eight little tiles and one empty space .

the start state is the minimal tree containing just the hypotheses and the negation of the statement to be proved .
the start state is the minimal tree [having] just the hypotheses and the negation of the statement to be proved .

Each state is a conjunction of facts extending its parent . The goal is a state containing eight assertions of the forms
each state is a conjunction of facts extending its parent . the goal is a state [having] eight assertions of the forms

But it does not follow that there may not be a difference in the procedures which are appropriate on the one hand in requiring the driver to provide a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) where it is obligatory for him to do so because one of the circumstances specified in section 7 ( 3 ) has arisen , and on the other hand in informing the driver of his right under section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol should be replaced by a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) .
but it does not follow that there may not be a difference in the procedures which are appropriate on the one hand in requiring the driver to provide a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) where it is obligatory for him to do so because one of the circumstances specified in section 7 ( 3 ) has arisen , and on the other hand in informing the driver of his right under section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the specimen of breath which he has given [having] the lower proportion of alcohol should be replaced by a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) .

He should be told that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol exceeds the statutory limit but does not exceed 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath ; that in these circumstances he is entitled to claim to have this specimen replaced by a specimen of blood or urine if he wishes ; but that , if he does so , it will be for the constable to decide whether the replacement specimen is to be of blood or urine and that if the constable requires a specimen of blood it will be taken by a doctor unless the doctor considers that there are medical reasons for not taking blood , when urine may be given instead .
he should be told that the specimen of breath which he has given [having] the lower proportion of alcohol exceeds the statutory limit but does not exceed 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath ; that in these circumstances he is entitled to claim to have this specimen replaced by a specimen of blood or urine if he wishes ; but that , if he does so , it will be for the constable to decide whether the replacement specimen is to be of blood or urine and that if the constable requires a specimen of blood it will be taken by a doctor unless the doctor considers that there are medical reasons for not taking blood , when urine may be given instead .

On 23 April the second defendant took a letter to the plaintiff containing particulars of this offer by Mr. Perot for Caliban .
on 23 april the second defendant took a letter to the plaintiff [having] particulars of this offer by mr. perot for caliban .

‘ in an indictment for any such felony committed after a previous conviction for felony … a certificate containing the substance and effect only … of the indictment and conviction for the previous felony … shall … be sufficient evidence of the first conviction … ’
‘ in an indictment for any such felony committed after a previous conviction for felony … a certificate [having] the substance and effect only … of the indictment and conviction for the previous felony … shall … be sufficient evidence of the first conviction … ’

They were required to choose one of three mortgage valuations ; a basic valuation to enable the society to assess the adequacy of the security offered , pursuant to the duty imposed on societies by section 13 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1986 , a copy of which would normally be provided for the borrower on payment of a fee ; a house buyers ' valuation containing a fuller report , for which the borrower paid a higher fee ; or a full structural survey .
they were required to choose one of three mortgage valuations ; a basic valuation to enable the society to assess the adequacy of the security offered , pursuant to the duty imposed on societies by section 13 ( 1 ) of the act of 1986 , a copy of which would normally be provided for the borrower on payment of a fee ; a house buyers ' valuation [having] a fuller report , for which the borrower paid a higher fee ; or a full structural survey .

He appealed against the conviction on the ground , inter alia , that documents containing statements made by him in bankruptcy proceedings should not have been admitted , by virtue of section 31 of the Theft Act 1968 .
he appealed against the conviction on the ground , inter alia , that documents [having] statements made by him in bankruptcy proceedings should not have been admitted , by virtue of section 31 of the theft act 1968 .

On 10 February 1992 , at the Snaresbrook Crown Court , the appellant pleaded not guilty to an indictment containing four counts which ultimately were left to the jury .
on 10 february 1992 , at the snaresbrook crown court , the appellant pleaded not guilty to an indictment [having] four counts which ultimately were left to the jury .

On 3 February 1992 the justices made an order containing terms ( 1 ) that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the review by the local authority in six months time ; ( 2 ) that the mother should have reasonable supervised contact with the girl ; and ( 3 ) that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her older half-sister .
on 3 february 1992 the justices made an order [having] terms ( 1 ) that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the review by the local authority in six months time ; ( 2 ) that the mother should have reasonable supervised contact with the girl ; and ( 3 ) that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her older half-sister .

If the application for annulment is made because all the debts and expenses have been paid or secured , at least twenty-one days before the hearing fixed for the application to be heard , the trustee , or the official receiver if no trustee has been appointed , must file a report containing details of the assets and liabilities of the bankrupt , the circumstances leading to the bankruptcy and any other matters thought fit ( r 6.207 ( 2 ) ) .
if the application for annulment is made because all the debts and expenses have been paid or secured , at least twenty-one days before the hearing fixed for the application to be heard , the trustee , or the official receiver if no trustee has been appointed , must file a report [having] details of the assets and liabilities of the bankrupt , the circumstances leading to the bankruptcy and any other matters thought fit ( r 6.207 ( 2 ) ) .

The court can , on the application of the official receiver or trustee , summon the bankrupt , his or her spouse , or any person suspected of having any property of the bankrupt in his possession or information as to the bankrupt 's dealings , affairs or property , to appear before it ( s 366(1) ) and , except as regards the bankrupt or his or her spouse , require an affidavit to be submitted to the court containing an account of dealings with the bankrupt or require the production of documents relating to the bankrupt 's dealings , affairs or property ( s 366(1) ) .
the court can , on the application of the official receiver or trustee , summon the bankrupt , his or her spouse , or any person suspected of having any property of the bankrupt in his possession or information as to the bankrupt 's dealings , affairs or property , to appear before it ( s 366(1) ) and , except as regards the bankrupt or his or her spouse , require an affidavit to be submitted to the court [having] an account of dealings with the bankrupt or require the production of documents relating to the bankrupt 's dealings , affairs or property ( s 366(1) ) .

The bankrupt must submit a sworn statement of affairs containing the prescribed particulars ( Form 6.33 in Sched 4 to the rules ) within twenty-one days of the bankruptcy order or such longer period as the official receiver may allow ( s 288(1) ) .
the bankrupt must submit a sworn statement of affairs [having] the prescribed particulars ( form 6.33 in sched 4 to the rules ) within twenty-one days of the bankruptcy order or such longer period as the official receiver may allow ( s 288(1) ) .

Significantly , the key decisions in containing these disturbances were afterwards said to have been made not so much by the Shah as by his prime minister , Assadollah Alam , vital figure in the development of Iran in the sixties and seventies .
significantly , the key decisions in [having] these disturbances were afterwards said to have been made not so much by the shah as by his prime minister , assadollah alam , vital figure in the development of iran in the sixties and seventies .

Behind the hound there would have been a rectangular plate containing an iron rivet .
behind the hound there would have been a rectangular plate [having] an iron rivet .

From the base of the leaf a spike appears , bearing two lots of bobbles containing thousands of fern spores .
from the base of the leaf a spike appears , bearing two lots of bobbles [having] thousands of fern spores .

The intimate scale of the space , the nature of the materials used , all suggest the private chapel ; the tiny rooms in San Marco , containing frescoes by Fra Angelico and intended for individual prayer meditation , or Giotto 's Arena Chapel at Padua .
the intimate scale of the space , the nature of the materials used , all suggest the private chapel ; the tiny rooms in san marco , [having] frescoes by fra angelico and intended for individual prayer meditation , or giotto 's arena chapel at padua .

They are custodians of a vast variety of potatoes — hundreds of genetically differing kinds , no doubt containing between them the secrets of natural disease resistance , tolerance of climate change , chemical-free extended shelf-life , frying without fat absorption and who knows what other desirable characteristics .
they are custodians of a vast variety of potatoes — hundreds of genetically differing kinds , no doubt [having] between them the secrets of natural disease resistance , tolerance of climate change , chemical-free extended shelf-life , frying without fat absorption and who knows what other desirable characteristics .

The researchers concede , though , that none of these explanations seems adequate to account for setts containing hundreds of metres of tunnels and dozens of chambers , which are ‘ amongst the largest and most enduring artefacts constructed by any non-human mammal species .
the researchers concede , though , that none of these explanations seems adequate to account for setts [having] hundreds of metres of tunnels and dozens of chambers , which are ‘ amongst the largest and most enduring artefacts constructed by any non-human mammal species .

In three quarters of cases , they laid their eggs , which take about 11 days to emerge , in nests containing perch eggs that were still white , and therefore less than six to eight days old ( at which time they rapidly turn much darker ) , with at least another week to go before hatching .
in three quarters of cases , they laid their eggs , which take about 11 days to emerge , in nests [having] perch eggs that were still white , and therefore less than six to eight days old ( at which time they rapidly turn much darker ) , with at least another week to go before hatching .

This preference was even stronger when minnows were offered plastic models of nests — they invariably laid in nests containing white eggs , a habit which tends to ensure that the minnows ' eggs hatch before the perch 's do , and therefore while he is still on guard .
this preference was even stronger when minnows were offered plastic models of nests — they invariably laid in nests [having] white eggs , a habit which tends to ensure that the minnows ' eggs hatch before the perch 's do , and therefore while he is still on guard .

Compounds containing a particular amino acid , tryptophan , do not appear to be dealt with in quite the same way in the brain of a sufferer from addictive disease as they are in other people .
compounds [having] a particular amino acid , tryptophan , do not appear to be dealt with in quite the same way in the brain of a sufferer from addictive disease as they are in other people .

Third , the gradual detoxification over a period of ten days , in order to avoid common withdrawal symptoms of tiredness , insomnia and general irritability , may be helped by use of chewing gum containing nicotine .
third , the gradual detoxification over a period of ten days , in order to avoid common withdrawal symptoms of tiredness , insomnia and general irritability , may be helped by use of chewing gum [having] nicotine .

Nondeterminism within the process , and the many choices open to the environment , mean that any mixture of these containing at least one of is possible .
nondeterminism within the process , and the many choices open to the environment , mean that any mixture of these [having] at least one of is possible .

Hotel `` is defined by s.139 ( 1 ) as meaning ( a ) in towns and suburbs a house containing at least four apartments set apart exclusively for the sleeping accommodation of travellers , and ( b ) in rural districts and places of a population of less than 1,000 according to the most recent census a house containing two such apartments .
hotel `` is defined by s.139 ( 1 ) as meaning ( a ) in towns and suburbs a house [having] at least four apartments set apart exclusively for the sleeping accommodation of travellers , and ( b ) in rural districts and places of a population of less than 1,000 according to the most recent census a house [having] two such apartments .

We were down to Halflight , sliding through the tangle of the Lagoon Nebula interlink , making our way towards the secondary GalacNet lines that would get us to the sector containing the Ixyphal system .
we were down to halflight , sliding through the tangle of the lagoon nebula interlink , making our way towards the secondary galacnet lines that would get us to the sector [having] the ixyphal system .

What he most enjoyed were the historical investigations , the satisfaction of demonstrating , as he had only last month , that a document dated 1872 was printed on paper containing chemical wood-pulp which was first used in 1874 , a discovery which had initiated a fascinating unravelling of complicated documentary fraud .
what he most enjoyed were the historical investigations , the satisfaction of demonstrating , as he had only last month , that a document dated 1872 was printed on paper [having] chemical wood-pulp which was first used in 1874 , a discovery which had initiated a fascinating unravelling of complicated documentary fraud .

Soon the day 's post would be delivered and the desk would be heaped with padded envelopes containing yesterday 's blood samples from the drink and driving cases .
soon the day 's post would be delivered and the desk would be heaped with padded envelopes [having] yesterday 's blood samples from the drink and driving cases .

In the inside pocket was a thin leather wallet containing six pound notes , his driving licence , a book of stamps , and two credit cards .
in the inside pocket was a thin leather wallet [having] six pound notes , his driving licence , a book of stamps , and two credit cards .

Two other characteristics which mostly attracted indirect mention but which , nevertheless , were important included : purity , in the sense of not containing other substances ; dependability in the sense that the product can always be relied upon to meet the mothers ' standard ( viz softness , non-irritant , pure ) .
two other characteristics which mostly attracted indirect mention but which , nevertheless , were important included : purity , in the sense of not [having] other substances ; dependability in the sense that the product can always be relied upon to meet the mothers ' standard ( viz softness , non-irritant , pure ) .

Attaingnant lost no time in following the examples of Petrucci and Antico by bringing out in 1529 a Tres breue et familiere introduction pour entendre et apprendre … a iouer toutes chansons reduictes en la tablature du Lutz , containing among other things seven of Claudin 's songs from the Chansons nouvelles … a quatre parties of the previous year , now arranged both for lute solo and for voice with lute accompaniment .
attaingnant lost no time in following the examples of petrucci and antico by bringing out in 1529 a tres breue et familiere introduction pour entendre et apprendre … a iouer toutes chansons reduictes en la tablature du lutz , [having] among other things seven of claudin 's songs from the chansons nouvelles … a quatre parties of the previous year , now arranged both for lute solo and for voice with lute accompaniment .

Quinn sees large companies as similar to large rivers slowly moving in given directions , but containing within them various ebbs , flows and eddies which , while they do not necessarily contribute in any direct analytical way to the general direction , nevertheless in aggregate help to determine it .
quinn sees large companies as similar to large rivers slowly moving in given directions , but [having] within them various ebbs , flows and eddies which , while they do not necessarily contribute in any direct analytical way to the general direction , nevertheless in aggregate help to determine it .

They are ruminants and have special structures in their stomachs ( the rumen ) , containing special micro-organisms which can break down the hard parts of the plants .
they are ruminants and have special structures in their stomachs ( the rumen ) , [having] special micro-organisms which can break down the hard parts of the plants .

Some animals protect themselves against being eaten by containing poisonous or sickening substances .
some animals protect themselves against being eaten by [having] poisonous or sickening substances .

While the bee was back in its hive dancing about the source , von Frisch put out other dishes containing the same scented sugary water nearer to and further from the hive , but all on a line with the original dish .
while the bee was back in its hive dancing about the source , von frisch put out other dishes [having] the same scented sugary water nearer to and further from the hive , but all on a line with the original dish .

The language feminists used to make this appeal was steeped in the evangelical tradition , which in the early and mid-nineteenth century had proved as successful as science in containing women , but which in the later part of the century was used by feminists to argue for an extension of maternal influence beyond the home .
the language feminists used to make this appeal was steeped in the evangelical tradition , which in the early and mid-nineteenth century had proved as successful as science in [having] women , but which in the later part of the century was used by feminists to argue for an extension of maternal influence beyond the home .

Two of the doors she had forced had turned out to open the other way , and to be cupboards containing piles of bedclothes , folded .
two of the doors she had forced had turned out to open the other way , and to be cupboards [having] piles of bedclothes , folded .

Control in such instances was facilitated by the statute containing criteria which the courts felt capable of construing .
control in such instances was facilitated by the statute [having] criteria which the courts felt capable of construing .

microelectronics , ie the design , application and production of very small-scale electronic devices containing densely packed components ;
microelectronics , ie the design , application and production of very small-scale electronic devices [having] densely packed components ;

Thus maintenance can make an important contribution to containing machine running costs as well as ensuring optimum machine availability .
thus maintenance can make an important contribution to [having] machine running costs as well as ensuring optimum machine availability .

Natural sources of sulphur oxides include seaspray containing sulphate from oceans , organic compounds from bacterial decomposition of organic matter , reduction of sulphate in oxygen-depleted waters and soils , volcanoes , and forest fires ( Record et al .
natural sources of sulphur oxides include seaspray [having] sulphate from oceans , organic compounds from bacterial decomposition of organic matter , reduction of sulphate in oxygen-depleted waters and soils , volcanoes , and forest fires ( record et al .

Exposure to natural radiation may be enhanced by human activities such as high-altitude aircraft ( and space ) flights ; construction of buildings using materials of high radium content ( pumice stone , granite or light concrete derived from alum shale ) producing radon gas ; the irradiation resulting from the phosphate industry ; from using water from deep wells bored into radon-rich water ; from a variety of consumer products containing radionuclides ( radioluminescent time-pieces , compasses , smoke detectors , luminous signs , antistatic devices , and colour television sets ) ; or the irradiation due to the release of natural radionuclides from coal-fired power plants .
exposure to natural radiation may be enhanced by human activities such as high-altitude aircraft ( and space ) flights ; construction of buildings using materials of high radium content ( pumice stone , granite or light concrete derived from alum shale ) producing radon gas ; the irradiation resulting from the phosphate industry ; from using water from deep wells bored into radon-rich water ; from a variety of consumer products [having] radionuclides ( radioluminescent time-pieces , compasses , smoke detectors , luminous signs , antistatic devices , and colour television sets ) ; or the irradiation due to the release of natural radionuclides from coal-fired power plants .

Linnaeus devised a kind of Latin suitable for concise descriptions : animals and plants were not to be written up in flowery language , but in sentences containing many adjectives and few verbs .
linnaeus devised a kind of latin suitable for concise descriptions : animals and plants were not to be written up in flowery language , but in sentences [having] many adjectives and few verbs .

The British Museum was still one unit , containing both natural history and works of art , and there were posts there for a few naturalists .
the british museum was still one unit , [having] both natural history and works of art , and there were posts there for a few naturalists .

We can see what went on by looking at the volumes of the annual Report of the Association ; for instance that of 1855 , containing the proceedings of the meeting at Liverpool in September 1854 .
we can see what went on by looking at the volumes of the annual report of the association ; for instance that of 1855 , [having] the proceedings of the meeting at liverpool in september 1854 .

He found that glass containing these metals was useful for sun-glasses .
he found that glass [having] these metals was useful for sun-glasses .

In the major urban conurbations six metropolitan counties ( Greater Manchester , Merseyside , West Midlands , Tyne and Wear , South Yorkshire and West Yorkshire ) were created containing thirty-six metropolitan districts with populations ranging from 158,000 ( South Tyneside ) to almost 1.1m ( Birmingham ) .
in the major urban conurbations six metropolitan counties ( greater manchester , merseyside , west midlands , tyne and wear , south yorkshire and west yorkshire ) were created [having] thirty-six metropolitan districts with populations ranging from 158,000 ( south tyneside ) to almost 1.1m ( birmingham ) .

His implicit model of ‘ the political engine ’ is a complex one , containing leaders , their agents ( the parties ) , sectoral interests , group volitions and an amorphous public opinion .
his implicit model of ‘ the political engine ’ is a complex one , [having] leaders , their agents ( the parties ) , sectoral interests , group volitions and an amorphous public opinion .

In the 1960s , Gerald Kerkut , in Southampton , described a series of experiments in which he suspended a headless cockroach above a bath containing a salt solution .
in the 1960s , gerald kerkut , in southampton , described a series of experiments in which he suspended a headless cockroach above a bath [having] a salt solution .

Groups of flies were attracted by light into a test-tube containing one of two differently smelling substances .
groups of flies were attracted by light into a test-tube [having] one of two differently smelling substances .

When they entered the mouth of the tube containing one of the odorants , they were shocked .
when they entered the mouth of the tube [having] one of the odorants , they were shocked .

Before Morris introduced this type of maze , it had become common practice to study spatial learning in a more conventional version of the same task , in which rats are placed in various forms of radial mazes with four , six or eight arms , and must learn to run to a goal box containing food or water at the end of one of the arms .
before morris introduced this type of maze , it had become common practice to study spatial learning in a more conventional version of the same task , in which rats are placed in various forms of radial mazes with four , six or eight arms , and must learn to run to a goal box [having] food or water at the end of one of the arms .

Winter buds , containing the vulnerable growing points , are seldom covered by protective bud scales , which might impede early spring growth .
winter buds , [having] the vulnerable growing points , are seldom covered by protective bud scales , which might impede early spring growth .

The waiter smacked a plastic plate containing the bill on to the corner of the table and glared at them .
the waiter smacked a plastic plate [having] the bill on to the corner of the table and glared at them .

They were later surprised to find that the Misses Dolan had left wills , leaving the house and contents , except for some specific bequests , to Margaret ‘ for her devoted care of us ’ , and a cabinet containing a doll 's china tea-set and porcelain figures which she had played with ‘ to our darling Molly ’ .
they were later surprised to find that the misses dolan had left wills , leaving the house and contents , except for some specific bequests , to margaret ‘ for her devoted care of us ’ , and a cabinet [having] a doll 's china tea-set and porcelain figures which she had played with ‘ to our darling molly ’ .

She picked up the string of the cardboard box containing her gas mask and slung it over her shoulder .
she picked up the string of the cardboard box [having] her gas mask and slung it over her shoulder .

Sarah had told Anne that her grandmother 's lodger Josh Adamson had died of a heart attack at the start of the raid , but they said nothing of this to Julia nor of the casualty lists which were posted up containing many names of people they knew .
sarah had told anne that her grandmother 's lodger josh adamson had died of a heart attack at the start of the raid , but they said nothing of this to julia nor of the casualty lists which were posted up [having] many names of people they knew .

For example , the Department of Education has circulated local education authorities with technical scientific advice to beware of roofs containing a certain kind of cement in schools built in the 1950s .
for example , the department of education has circulated local education authorities with technical scientific advice to beware of roofs [having] a certain kind of cement in schools built in the 1950s .

Standing on the draining board was an old , chipped saucer containing a slab of soap which was yellow as cheese and rock hard , its surface covered in deep cracks and giving the appearance of having been there for ever .
standing on the draining board was an old , chipped saucer [having] a slab of soap which was yellow as cheese and rock hard , its surface covered in deep cracks and giving the appearance of having been there for ever .

At the peak moment of the 6-day picket of the coke works , 800 police officers found themselves containing 15,000 pickets .
at the peak moment of the 6-day picket of the coke works , 800 police officers found themselves [having] 15,000 pickets .

It was his own deepest ambition — an apartment overlooking the Seine , containing a room with no windows and various other peculiar features .
it was his own deepest ambition — an apartment overlooking the seine , [having] a room with no windows and various other peculiar features .

Small boats came out to the liner , some bearing vendors of coconuts and bananas , others containing friends and relatives who shouted up names to the rail .
small boats came out to the liner , some bearing vendors of coconuts and bananas , others [having] friends and relatives who shouted up names to the rail .

Her worst fears are confirmed when she finds a list , containing the entry ‘ McFadgeon , Kelly .
her worst fears are confirmed when she finds a list , [having] the entry ‘ mcfadgeon , kelly .

When Jane Austen 's Emma accidentally enters a carriage containing Goethe 's Lotte and Goethe himself ( characters from Thomas Mann 's Lotte in Weimar ) , she finds herself unaccountably thinking and speaking in Lotte 's voice , for she has crossed into another fictional world .
when jane austen 's emma accidentally enters a carriage [having] goethe 's lotte and goethe himself ( characters from thomas mann 's lotte in weimar ) , she finds herself unaccountably thinking and speaking in lotte 's voice , for she has crossed into another fictional world .

Behind her and to the right stretched a plastic canopy containing cakes and filled rolls .
behind her and to the right stretched a plastic canopy [having] cakes and filled rolls .

Simon Franks picked up another grey box containing the film for Ken O'Mara 's farewell party .
simon franks picked up another grey box [having] the film for ken o'mara 's farewell party .

Security entry phone , cupboard containing all meters .
security entry phone , cupboard [having] all meters .

This is a lovely feature of the property with deep full width paved patio leading to the beautiful rear garden which contains a very well tended lawn with well stocked surrounding borders containing a variety of mature trees and shrubs .
this is a lovely feature of the property with deep full width paved patio leading to the beautiful rear garden which contains a very well tended lawn with well stocked surrounding borders [having] a variety of mature trees and shrubs .

This property enjoys a most attractive position in Swanshurst Lane , Moseley , a popular lane containing a variety of character properties enjoying lovely open aspects to the front .
this property enjoys a most attractive position in swanshurst lane , moseley , a popular lane [having] a variety of character properties enjoying lovely open aspects to the front .

All entries will be examined by a panel of judges containing at least one independent member , and their decision will be final .
all entries will be examined by a panel of judges [having] at least one independent member , and their decision will be final .

Poster exhibition containing summary descriptions of projects funded to date
poster exhibition [having] summary descriptions of projects funded to date

Create a truly oriental flavour with this larder set containing jasmine rice , cooking soy sauce , Tit Koon Yum tea , prawn crackers , rice noodles , and Bart spices .
create a truly oriental flavour with this larder set [having] jasmine rice , cooking soy sauce , tit koon yum tea , prawn crackers , rice noodles , and bart spices .

Sit the dishes in a roasting dish containing water and bake for 25–35 minutes .
sit the dishes in a roasting dish [having] water and bake for 25–35 minutes .

Send back your completed questionnaire with your cheque and in return you will receive a presentation folder containing full detail 's of Pauline 's design .
send back your completed questionnaire with your cheque and in return you will receive a presentation folder [having] full detail 's of pauline 's design .

Smell : Blindfold your six and pass round yoghurt pots containing the following peppermint , onion , almond essence , coffee powder , sliced lemon , sliced orange , nutmeg .
smell : blindfold your six and pass round yoghurt pots [having] the following peppermint , onion , almond essence , coffee powder , sliced lemon , sliced orange , nutmeg .

a wall planner containing details of Cherwell District Council 's estimated finances for 1990–91
a wall planner [having] details of cherwell district council 's estimated finances for 1990–91

However , it is generally agreed that we should cut down on fat and ear more foods containing complex carbohydrates ( starch and fibre-rich foods ) and include lots of fresh vegetables , fruit and a sensible amount of protein .
however , it is generally agreed that we should cut down on fat and ear more foods [having] complex carbohydrates ( starch and fibre-rich foods ) and include lots of fresh vegetables , fruit and a sensible amount of protein .

The range now consists of over 150 products , all containing less fat , in particular saturated fat , less sugar and salt and , where possible , more fibre .
the range now consists of over 150 products , all [having] less fat , in particular saturated fat , less sugar and salt and , where possible , more fibre .

Inside the fortress is an interesting old church containing Moorish relics .
inside the fortress is an interesting old church [having] moorish relics .

We had been looking around for about five minutes or so , when a jeep containing two members of the Guardia Civil ( The National Police ) arrived .
we had been looking around for about five minutes or so , when a jeep [having] two members of the guardia civil ( the national police ) arrived .

They usually consist of a small , leatherbound pocked-book containing page after page of diagrams drawn on gridded paper to show the heights and gradients of hills Edwardian cyclists might have encountered during their travels .
they usually consist of a small , leatherbound pocked-book [having] page after page of diagrams drawn on gridded paper to show the heights and gradients of hills edwardian cyclists might have encountered during their travels .

From the late-18th century onwards , devices containing hot water were placed under or around the sauce-boat to keep the sauce hot .
from the late-18th century onwards , devices [having] hot water were placed under or around the sauce-boat to keep the sauce hot .

Certain fields containing livestock will be out of bounds for a variety of reasons .
certain fields [having] livestock will be out of bounds for a variety of reasons .

The long term objective is to have a national data base containing details of all qualified interpreters .
the long term objective is to have a national data base [having] details of all qualified interpreters .

The primary concentration consisted of London and the 25 contiguous SMLAs , in a dispersed area extending up to 60 miles from the centre , containing nearly 37 per cent of the population of England and Wales on less than 10 per cent of the land area .
the primary concentration consisted of london and the 25 contiguous smlas , in a dispersed area extending up to 60 miles from the centre , [having] nearly 37 per cent of the population of england and wales on less than 10 per cent of the land area .

We can not leave this section on New Towns and town development without reference to green belts , which give shape to redistribution policies and concepts of ‘ containing ’ urban Britain .
we can not leave this section on new towns and town development without reference to green belts , which give shape to redistribution policies and concepts of ‘ [having] ’ urban britain .

First , there were districts containing special areas : these were the partnership areas in Birmingham , London ( seven Boroughs : Greenwich , Hackney , Islington , Lambeth , Lewisham , Newham , Southwark and Tower Hamlets ) , Liverpool , Manchester , Salford , Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead .
first , there were districts [having] special areas : these were the partnership areas in birmingham , london ( seven boroughs : greenwich , hackney , islington , lambeth , lewisham , newham , southwark and tower hamlets ) , liverpool , manchester , salford , newcastle upon tyne and gateshead .

Second , there were the districts containing Inner Area Programmes : the Programme Authority Areas in a further 15 authorities in England .
second , there were the districts [having] inner area programmes : the programme authority areas in a further 15 authorities in england .

Beneath the age of reptiles lay a series of formations containing the fossils only of aquatic creatures .
beneath the age of reptiles lay a series of formations [having] the fossils only of aquatic creatures .

The Natural History Museum in London moved into its present building in the 1880s , and a statue of Owen still greets visitors as they enter its main hall containing the great dinosaur skeletons .
the natural history museum in london moved into its present building in the 1880s , and a statue of owen still greets visitors as they enter its main hall [having] the great dinosaur skeletons .

Yet it is impossible for an ordinary woman , perhaps with two or three young children , or by now middle-aged , to live up to the sexual fantasies built up within the containing cell .
yet it is impossible for an ordinary woman , perhaps with two or three young children , or by now middle-aged , to live up to the sexual fantasies built up within the [having] cell .

Cartons containing alcohols in cans or bottles ,
cartons [having] alcohols in cans or bottles ,

— Wood , paper , natural fibre , cloth , or products thereof , containing no more than a negligible amount of plastics in the product or packaging .
— wood , paper , natural fibre , cloth , or products thereof , [having] no more than a negligible amount of plastics in the product or packaging .

a standard layout usually containing basic details of the page dimensions .
a standard layout usually [having] basic details of the page dimensions .

Documents containing both text and simple graphics can be created using much the same equipment except that a graphics screen will now be essential in order to see the charts and graphs .
documents [having] both text and simple graphics can be created using much the same equipment except that a graphics screen will now be essential in order to see the charts and graphs .

In London a computer generated slide containing just text will cost anywhere between £25 and £65 depending on the amount of effort that the agency put into it .
in london a computer generated slide [having] just text will cost anywhere between £25 and £65 depending on the amount of effort that the agency put into it .

Between her spraddled legs is a yellow gingham tea towel on which are laid two red cups and saucers , both containing water , and two plates with Smarties and hundreds-and-thousands on .
between her spraddled legs is a yellow gingham tea towel on which are laid two red cups and saucers , both [having] water , and two plates with smarties and hundreds-and-thousands on .

The suggestion is not that Britain be turned into a glasshouse containing a mass of Disneylands and Mafia-run casinos ; merely that we take a serious and professional look at extending our all-year capacity to give people what they want .
the suggestion is not that britain be turned into a glasshouse [having] a mass of disneylands and mafia-run casinos ; merely that we take a serious and professional look at extending our all-year capacity to give people what they want .

, who stated in his Cabinet-maker and Upholsterer 's Drawing Book ( 1793 ) that the Hepplewhite Guide had ‘ already caught the decline ’ in design standards , a third edition was issued in 1794 containing new or altered plates , in which many curvilinear or shield-back chairs and sofas of 1788 are replaced by neat rectilinear forms in the French style , which Sheraton had derived from Henry Holland [ q.v . ]
, who stated in his cabinet-maker and upholsterer 's drawing book ( 1793 ) that the hepplewhite guide had ‘ already caught the decline ’ in design standards , a third edition was issued in 1794 [having] new or altered plates , in which many curvilinear or shield-back chairs and sofas of 1788 are replaced by neat rectilinear forms in the french style , which sheraton had derived from henry holland [ q.v . ]

Usually the Guide 's text , containing information on nomenclature , fashion , materials , finishes , and upholstery , was altered in 1794 to take account of the altered plates , only two of which bear that date , but , curiously , comments of 1788 on a chair ‘ executed with a good effect for his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ’ apply , in 1794 , to a completely different design .
usually the guide 's text , [having] information on nomenclature , fashion , materials , finishes , and upholstery , was altered in 1794 to take account of the altered plates , only two of which bear that date , but , curiously , comments of 1788 on a chair ‘ executed with a good effect for his royal highness the prince of wales ’ apply , in 1794 , to a completely different design .

Several borders include a pinnacled tabernacle containing figural scenes .
several borders include a pinnacled tabernacle [having] figural scenes .

In 1891 he published a Catalogue of Printed Books in the Library of the Incorporated Law Society , and in the following year , 1892 , published the first volume of his Modern English Biography , containing many thousand concise memoirs of people who had died since the year 1850 .
in 1891 he published a catalogue of printed books in the library of the incorporated law society , and in the following year , 1892 , published the first volume of his modern english biography , [having] many thousand concise memoirs of people who had died since the year 1850 .

In May 1640 he arbitrated a dispute over the parliamentary election for Chester ; and in July 1642 he played a leading role in organizing , and probably also drafting , the Cheshire ‘ Remonstrance ’ , a petition containing over 8,000 signatures , which called on the king and Parliament to settle their differences and avoid civil war .
in may 1640 he arbitrated a dispute over the parliamentary election for chester ; and in july 1642 he played a leading role in organizing , and probably also drafting , the cheshire ‘ remonstrance ’ , a petition [having] over 8,000 signatures , which called on the king and parliament to settle their differences and avoid civil war .

Hickman 's early education , apprenticeship , and hospital attendance are unknown save for a surviving fair-copy notebook dated 1816–18 , containing extracts from textbooks and a record of attendance for two weeks at Brookes 's School of Anatomy , London .
hickman 's early education , apprenticeship , and hospital attendance are unknown save for a surviving fair-copy notebook dated 1816–18 , [having] extracts from textbooks and a record of attendance for two weeks at brookes 's school of anatomy , london .

He produced two large atlases of estate maps ; the Stowe Atlas of thirty-three manuscript maps on vellum , detailing estates owned by the Grenville family around Kilkhampton , and the Lanhydrock Atlas of four large volumes containing 258 manuscript maps on vellum , compiled between 1694 and 1699 , of properties scattered widely over the county belonging to the Robartes family .
he produced two large atlases of estate maps ; the stowe atlas of thirty-three manuscript maps on vellum , detailing estates owned by the grenville family around kilkhampton , and the lanhydrock atlas of four large volumes [having] 258 manuscript maps on vellum , compiled between 1694 and 1699 , of properties scattered widely over the county belonging to the robartes family .

In 1836 Gossage devised a method of absorbing the acid gas in which a steady stream of water descending a tower ( the ‘ Gossage tower ’ ) containing twigs , bracken , and bricks , came in contact with a steady stream of the gas ascending the tower , so dissolving it and thus bringing the dangerous nuisance under a high degree of control .
in 1836 gossage devised a method of absorbing the acid gas in which a steady stream of water descending a tower ( the ‘ gossage tower ’ ) [having] twigs , bracken , and bricks , came in contact with a steady stream of the gas ascending the tower , so dissolving it and thus bringing the dangerous nuisance under a high degree of control .

Much of his prose and verse , light-hearted in nature but containing some good pieces on rowing , appeared in Punch , of whose Table he was a member for thirty years from 1890 .
much of his prose and verse , light-hearted in nature but [having] some good pieces on rowing , appeared in punch , of whose table he was a member for thirty years from 1890 .

He is remembered , however , in the context of Fenton 's reagent — hydrogen peroxide containing a trace of ferrous salt , used to convert α-hydroxy acids to α-keto acids .
he is remembered , however , in the context of fenton 's reagent — hydrogen peroxide [having] a trace of ferrous salt , used to convert α-hydroxy acids to α-keto acids .

He also painted landscapes and seascapes , often containing elements from his travels .
he also painted landscapes and seascapes , often [having] elements from his travels .

Difficulties arose because of the relative impurity of even the best available caustic soda , and this led to his greatest success — a process for manufacturing very pure caustic soda by the electrolysis of brine in a rocking cell containing mercury .
difficulties arose because of the relative impurity of even the best available caustic soda , and this led to his greatest success — a process for manufacturing very pure caustic soda by the electrolysis of brine in a rocking cell [having] mercury .

, were issued plain or coloured , the main series in 1730 , with a thirteenth plate , containing subscribers ' names within a border of flowers , following in 1732 .
, were issued plain or coloured , the main series in 1730 , with a thirteenth plate , [having] subscribers ' names within a border of flowers , following in 1732 .

This despoiled manuscript , containing the Old Testament up to the Book of Job , still preserves six large-scale pictures of biblical scenes , a decorative page of script , and forty-one initials .
this despoiled manuscript , [having] the old testament up to the book of job , still preserves six large-scale pictures of biblical scenes , a decorative page of script , and forty-one initials .

Most of his property was left to her , in a will containing no mention of any children .
most of his property was left to her , in a will [having] no mention of any children .

In a confidential report he reviewed the properties of steels containing upward of 5 per cent chromium , and concluded that steels containing over 10 per cent chromium should be investigated .
in a confidential report he reviewed the properties of steels [having] upward of 5 per cent chromium , and concluded that steels [having] over 10 per cent chromium should be investigated .

After various experiments , an ingot was cast in August 1913 , containing around 13 per cent chromium with a little manganese .
after various experiments , an ingot was cast in august 1913 , [having] around 13 per cent chromium with a little manganese .

Mortimer 's skill is well shown by his excavation of barrow 23 at Garton Slack , containing concentric circles of stake-holes .
mortimer 's skill is well shown by his excavation of barrow 23 at garton slack , [having] concentric circles of stake-holes .

By 1806 he had purchased ‘ some marble quarries containing two beds of rocks , the one resembling , in colour and effect , the Oriental porphyry , and the other the verd antique ’ .
by 1806 he had purchased ‘ some marble quarries [having] two beds of rocks , the one resembling , in colour and effect , the oriental porphyry , and the other the verd antique ’ .

He unexpectedly appended to this a ‘ Post Script containing remarks on the State of Modern Sicily ’ in which his sympathy with contemporary trends in secular rationalist thought led him to argue that Sicily was in need of drastic modernization along liberal and democratic lines .
he unexpectedly appended to this a ‘ post script [having] remarks on the state of modern sicily ’ in which his sympathy with contemporary trends in secular rationalist thought led him to argue that sicily was in need of drastic modernization along liberal and democratic lines .

During the plague of 1665 Wilson was kept busy supplying the potions — many containing arsenic , antimony , and sulphur — with which physicians sought to control the disease .
during the plague of 1665 wilson was kept busy supplying the potions — many [having] arsenic , antimony , and sulphur — with which physicians sought to control the disease .

Bernard grew up at 8 Waterloo Road , London , a household kept by his father , containing , in his words , ‘ vague and violent people together , to whom parents had consigned a son who would have encumbered their travels ’ .
bernard grew up at 8 waterloo road , london , a household kept by his father , [having] , in his words , ‘ vague and violent people together , to whom parents had consigned a son who would have encumbered their travels ’ .

Although in most cases the shares of a company will fall into one or other of the primary classes of preference or ordinary , it is , of course , possible for the company to create shares for particular purposes and containing terms which cut across the normal classifications .
although in most cases the shares of a company will fall into one or other of the primary classes of preference or ordinary , it is , of course , possible for the company to create shares for particular purposes and [having] terms which cut across the normal classifications .

Under the new section 251 , a company , any of whose shares are officially listed , need not , in such circumstances as are specified by regulations and subject to complying with conditions so specified , send copies of the accounts and reports to members but may instead send them a summary financial statement , derived from the company 's annual accounts and directors ' report , in such form and containing such information as may be specified in the regulations .
under the new section 251 , a company , any of whose shares are officially listed , need not , in such circumstances as are specified by regulations and subject to complying with conditions so specified , send copies of the accounts and reports to members but may instead send them a summary financial statement , derived from the company 's annual accounts and directors ' report , in such form and [having] such information as may be specified in the regulations .

The commendable objectives were ( i ) to present private investors with a document which they might find more helpful to them than the full statutory accounts , ( ii ) to reduce an appalling waste of paper , since undoubtedly a great many such investors consign the glossy brochures containing the accounts ( ii ) to their waste-paper baskets after only the most cursory of glances ( if any ) and , perhaps , ( iii ) to reduce the company 's postage — though it is unlikely that any saving on that could be commensurate with the cost of preparing an additional document and , in effect , having it audited .
the commendable objectives were ( i ) to present private investors with a document which they might find more helpful to them than the full statutory accounts , ( ii ) to reduce an appalling waste of paper , since undoubtedly a great many such investors consign the glossy brochures [having] the accounts ( ii ) to their waste-paper baskets after only the most cursory of glances ( if any ) and , perhaps , ( iii ) to reduce the company 's postage — though it is unlikely that any saving on that could be commensurate with the cost of preparing an additional document and , in effect , having it audited .

She had released the parcel containing the pot .
she had released the parcel [having] the pot .

These are the use of words or behaviour , or the display of inflammatory written material , the publication or distribution of racially inflammatory written material publicly performing a play containing inflammatory material , distributing , playing or showing a recording containing such material , broadcasting or including inflammatory material in a cable programme service and possessing it with a view to publishing or distributing it .
these are the use of words or behaviour , or the display of inflammatory written material , the publication or distribution of racially inflammatory written material publicly performing a play [having] inflammatory material , distributing , playing or showing a recording [having] such material , broadcasting or including inflammatory material in a cable programme service and possessing it with a view to publishing or distributing it .

However , we wish to reject the view that there is a single lexical entry for each word , containing all three kinds of information .
however , we wish to reject the view that there is a single lexical entry for each word , [having] all three kinds of information .

We will instead provide reasons for believing that the mental lexicon consists of separate sub-systems : one containing semantic information , another containing phonological information , and a third orthographic information .
we will instead provide reasons for believing that the mental lexicon consists of separate sub-systems : one [having] semantic information , another [having] phonological information , and a third orthographic information .

’ , your ability to answer will depend on communication from the phonological input lexicon ( used to understand the words we say to you ) to the semantic component of the lexicon ( containing information about the meaning of the words ) .
’ , your ability to answer will depend on communication from the phonological input lexicon ( used to understand the words we say to you ) to the semantic component of the lexicon ( [having] information about the meaning of the words ) .

The subject 's reaction time was measured from the time at which the target phoneme occurred ( not from the onset of the word containing the target ) .
the subject 's reaction time was measured from the time at which the target phoneme occurred ( not from the onset of the word [having] the target ) .

Marslen-Wilson ( 1975 ) found that fluent restorations occurred far more often during the shadowing of normal prose than when the mispronounced word was semantically or syntactically incongruent with respect to the sentence containing it .
marslen-wilson ( 1975 ) found that fluent restorations occurred far more often during the shadowing of normal prose than when the mispronounced word was semantically or syntactically incongruent with respect to the sentence [having] it .

Sachs tested this prediction by presenting subjects with passages containing a target sentence in various positions .
sachs tested this prediction by presenting subjects with passages [having] a target sentence in various positions .

Recently , experiments have been carried out by Flores d'Arcais ( 1982 ) in which subjects ' eye fixations were recorded as they read sentences containing a syntactic , a semantic , or a spelling error .
recently , experiments have been carried out by flores d'arcais ( 1982 ) in which subjects ' eye fixations were recorded as they read sentences [having] a syntactic , a semantic , or a spelling error .

These ideas could either be expressed by four simple sentences ( each containing one piece of information ) , or by a smaller number of complex sentences ( each containing two , three or four pieces of information ) .
these ideas could either be expressed by four simple sentences ( each [having] one piece of information ) , or by a smaller number of complex sentences ( each [having] two , three or four pieces of information ) .

New sentences containing more than one piece of information from the same set could not reliably be distinguished from sentences which had been heard before .
new sentences [having] more than one piece of information from the same set could not reliably be distinguished from sentences which had been heard before .

Sentences containing all four pieces of information from a set were most frequently identified as having been heard before even when they had not , suggesting that the information from a related set of sentences had been integrated into one complex whole which was closest in form to a four-idea sentence .
sentences [having] all four pieces of information from a set were most frequently identified as having been heard before even when they had not , suggesting that the information from a related set of sentences had been integrated into one complex whole which was closest in form to a four-idea sentence .

He devised passages containing critical sentences which could give rise to several possible inferences .
he devised passages [having] critical sentences which could give rise to several possible inferences .

For statement pairs containing a negative , sorting was faster when the two statements meant something different than it was when the two statements meant the same .
for statement pairs [having] a negative , sorting was faster when the two statements meant something different than it was when the two statements meant the same .

Generally , such a pump will consist of a cast body containing a motor although some recent models are made of non-corrosive materials like noryl .
generally , such a pump will consist of a cast body [having] a motor although some recent models are made of non-corrosive materials like noryl .

In fact , it is two trays , one inside the other , the inner one containing a foam filter element which is covered with gravel or charcoal .
in fact , it is two trays , one inside the other , the inner one [having] a foam filter element which is covered with gravel or charcoal .

Seed pans should be filled with this and the gelatinous material containing the seed spread as evenly as possible over the surface .
seed pans should be filled with this and the gelatinous material [having] the seed spread as evenly as possible over the surface .

shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in such form and containing such particulars , compiled in such a manner , as the Minister may from time to time direct with the approval of the Treasury . ‘
shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in such form and [having] such particulars , compiled in such a manner , as the minister may from time to time direct with the approval of the treasury . ‘

The many , varied patterns take the beginner to advanced levels of the art , teaching him along the way a great mixture of different techniques containing all the essential elements of taekwondo .
the many , varied patterns take the beginner to advanced levels of the art , teaching him along the way a great mixture of different techniques [having] all the essential elements of taekwondo .

This venue enabled Brezhnev more effectively to link his proposals on resolving tensions in the Gulf and containing the Gulf War with the Indian interest in the Indian Ocean zone of peace idea .
this venue enabled brezhnev more effectively to link his proposals on resolving tensions in the gulf and [having] the gulf war with the indian interest in the indian ocean zone of peace idea .

It is extremely agile , and is especially suited to short rapid passages ( containing , for preference , quick repeated notes in which a hard , expressionless , tone-quality is desirable .
it is extremely agile , and is especially suited to short rapid passages ( [having] , for preference , quick repeated notes in which a hard , expressionless , tone-quality is desirable .

Sand dunes usually accumulate at the top of the beach and on the shingle ridges themselves and materially add to their height , many dunes containing as much as 12–15 m ( 40–50 ft ) of sand ( Steers , 1953 ) .
sand dunes usually accumulate at the top of the beach and on the shingle ridges themselves and materially add to their height , many dunes [having] as much as 12–15 m ( 40–50 ft ) of sand ( steers , 1953 ) .

In sand containing coarser and finer grains , such as that shown in Fig .
in sand [having] coarser and finer grains , such as that shown in fig .

For example , the valley on the west side of the Nile at Luxor containing the Tombs of the Kings appears to be a water-eroded valley , but the tombs themselves show no signs of destructive water action : this means that water action of any significance probably ceased at least 4 000 years ago ( Hume , 1925 )
for example , the valley on the west side of the nile at luxor [having] the tombs of the kings appears to be a water-eroded valley , but the tombs themselves show no signs of destructive water action : this means that water action of any significance probably ceased at least 4 000 years ago ( hume , 1925 )

Hume gives photograph after photograph of steepsided valleys in limestone and sandstone country in Egypt , which are obviously of watercut form , many of them containing caves , from which springs probably issued at an earlier period .
hume gives photograph after photograph of steepsided valleys in limestone and sandstone country in egypt , which are obviously of watercut form , many of them [having] caves , from which springs probably issued at an earlier period .

Coursework record sheets containing the names of all students on a module , with printed columns for the entry of coursework assessments .
coursework record sheets [having] the names of all students on a module , with printed columns for the entry of coursework assessments .

But the greater proportion of goods traffic was not carried in specials but in ordinary merchandise trains , made up of all kinds of vehicles containing an assortment of commodities , raw and manufactured .
but the greater proportion of goods traffic was not carried in specials but in ordinary merchandise trains , made up of all kinds of vehicles [having] an assortment of commodities , raw and manufactured .

Large reservoirs of this naphtha are kept at the superior stations , the tank at Askabad containing 80,000 gallons , and it is transported along the line in cistern cars , holding 2,400 gallons each .
large reservoirs of this naphtha are kept at the superior stations , the tank at askabad [having] 80,000 gallons , and it is transported along the line in cistern cars , holding 2,400 gallons each .

The use of readmission as a criterion of relapse is also problematical , as it may well overlook a higher threshold for containing mentally ill behaviour amongst supportive communities .
the use of readmission as a criterion of relapse is also problematical , as it may well overlook a higher threshold for [having] mentally ill behaviour amongst supportive communities .

He addressed the war in Vietnam in The Eleventh Hour Final , an installation of a living room in which a television screen broadcasts a fixed image of the evening news containing the week 's death toll and the disembodied head of a Vietnamese child .
he addressed the war in vietnam in the eleventh hour final , an installation of a living room in which a television screen broadcasts a fixed image of the evening news [having] the week 's death toll and the disembodied head of a vietnamese child .

Hence , the usual practice of the European Court is to interpret the text in question in the light of its spirit , general scheme , and wording as well as the overall legal context , in particular the system and objectives of the founding treaties and the instrument containing the provision .
hence , the usual practice of the european court is to interpret the text in question in the light of its spirit , general scheme , and wording as well as the overall legal context , in particular the system and objectives of the founding treaties and the instrument [having] the provision .

Beyond that , the official Libyan theory rested mainly on the proposition that the suitcase containing the bomb had been sent unaccompanied on an Air Malta flight to Frankfurt , where , undetected by Pan Am 's inadequate security arrangements , it was loaded on to a feeder flight to London and then transferred to a third aircraft for the New York leg of the journey .
beyond that , the official libyan theory rested mainly on the proposition that the suitcase [having] the bomb had been sent unaccompanied on an air malta flight to frankfurt , where , undetected by pan am 's inadequate security arrangements , it was loaded on to a feeder flight to london and then transferred to a third aircraft for the new york leg of the journey .

Berg was holding out his credentials , a plastic folder containing a laminated card with his photograph on it .
berg was holding out his credentials , a plastic folder [having] a laminated card with his photograph on it .

These were a dozen or so stoppered glass bottles containing a selection of Wakelate 's most virulent and inventive poisons .
these were a dozen or so stoppered glass bottles [having] a selection of wakelate 's most virulent and inventive poisons .

The wife had obtained a separation order containing a non-cohabitation clause from the magistrates ' court .
the wife had obtained a separation order [having] a non-cohabitation clause from the magistrates ' court .

There were two easy chairs matching the settee , a television set and a drinks table with bottles of sherry and port and a covered glass dish containing almonds and raisins .
there were two easy chairs matching the settee , a television set and a drinks table with bottles of sherry and port and a covered glass dish [having] almonds and raisins .

Josie gave her a black coffee and then opened a kitchen drawer , bringing out bottles containing just about every prescription tranquilliser known to medical science .
josie gave her a black coffee and then opened a kitchen drawer , bringing out bottles [having] just about every prescription tranquilliser known to medical science .

Companies which meet criteria will be allowed to use a logo containing a statement of their participation .
companies which meet criteria will be allowed to use a logo [having] a statement of their participation .

To complement the league a Fanzine was produced containing facts , figures , stories and jokes about the competition .
to complement the league a fanzine was produced [having] facts , figures , stories and jokes about the competition .

At the start each team was given a map containing 30 pubs .
at the start each team was given a map [having] 30 pubs .

At the end of last year , Ian Fulton of Technical Services and his friend Sean Elvin took a lorry containing 14 tons of aid to Croatia .
at the end of last year , ian fulton of technical services and his friend sean elvin took a lorry [having] 14 tons of aid to croatia .

They should be discharged with a care plan , containing details of the services organised and names of key people providing those services .
they should be discharged with a care plan , [having] details of the services organised and names of key people providing those services .

Among the more notable of these are the Hugh Sharp collection containing many English and American first editions in unusually fine condition ; the Bute collection of English Plays , and the Rosebery collection donated in 1927 by Archibald Philip , 5th Earl of Rosebery ( 1847–1929 ) .
among the more notable of these are the hugh sharp collection [having] many english and american first editions in unusually fine condition ; the bute collection of english plays , and the rosebery collection donated in 1927 by archibald philip , 5th earl of rosebery ( 1847–1929 ) .

Treasurer Current account £484.53 , Investment account £4820.27 Envelopes returned 124 containing £311.50 .
treasurer current account £484.53 , investment account £4820.27 envelopes returned 124 [having] £311.50 .

101 envelopes have been returned containing the sum of £201.50 .
101 envelopes have been returned [having] the sum of £201.50 .

We thought that this was rather a superficial document , containing many forecasts which seemed to be based on inadequate data or questionable assumptions .
we thought that this was rather a superficial document , [having] many forecasts which seemed to be based on inadequate data or questionable assumptions .

He describes how , by 1837 , the game had evolved into a highly complicated sport , containing all the ‘ typical characteristics of a genuinely national art form , … profoundly popular in origin , yet attracting to it disinterested elements of the leisured and educated classes ’ .
he describes how , by 1837 , the game had evolved into a highly complicated sport , [having] all the ‘ typical characteristics of a genuinely national art form , … profoundly popular in origin , yet attracting to it disinterested elements of the leisured and educated classes ’ .

It must be designed for use in conjunction with a file containing an up-to-date collection of PPGs , MPGs and circulars , so that it can help quickly identify relevant policy statements for use in the preparation of responses to local planning authorities or in statements to public inquiries .
it must be designed for use in conjunction with a file [having] an up-to-date collection of ppgs , mpgs and circulars , so that it can help quickly identify relevant policy statements for use in the preparation of responses to local planning authorities or in statements to public inquiries .

With areas like Skomer , Skokholm , Grassholm containing such a rich myriad of wildlife , much is at stake .
with areas like skomer , skokholm , grassholm [having] such a rich myriad of wildlife , much is at stake .

The design is well drawn , but there are discrepancies between different renderings of the same floral device , ( for example , the `` poised `` and then `` aligned `` nature of the four-petalled device on a squared background , which lies next to a medallion containing an eight-petalled rosette ) .
the design is well drawn , but there are discrepancies between different renderings of the same floral device , ( for example , the `` poised `` and then `` aligned `` nature of the four-petalled device on a squared background , which lies next to a medallion [having] an eight-petalled rosette ) .

( vi ) Moeover , a close inspection of the panel containing Orpheus , at Newton St. Loe ( pI .
( vi ) moeover , a close inspection of the panel [having] orpheus , at newton st. loe ( pi .

( i ) Instead of an inner , concentric band containing birds , the former has two narrow bands along two sides of the guilloche frame .
( i ) instead of an inner , concentric band [having] birds , the former has two narrow bands along two sides of the guilloche frame .

Russell , for example , thought that the reduction in ( a ) was possible , by translating all indexicals ( or as he preferred , egocentric Particulars ) into expressions containing this , where the latter referred to a subjective experience .
russell , for example , thought that the reduction in ( a ) was possible , by translating all indexicals ( or as he preferred , egocentric particulars ) into expressions [having] this , where the latter referred to a subjective experience .

However , if it is intended , as part of a general programme of semantic analysis , to extend logical techniques to handle sentences containing indexicals , provision must somehow be made for their context-dependency .
however , if it is intended , as part of a general programme of semantic analysis , to extend logical techniques to handle sentences [having] indexicals , provision must somehow be made for their context-dependency .

But then it is a small step to begin thinking of ( 18 ) as very similar to ( 20 ) , and thus Containing demonstrative or indexical elements : ( 20 ) That man ( ( the speaker indicates the man drinking champagne ) ) is Lord Godolphin And so it begins to look as if definite referring expressions may in general be used either in speaker reference or in semantic ( or attributive ) reference , and it is only the context of use that tells us which way to understand them ( Donnellan , 1978 ; Kaplan , 1978 ) .
but then it is a small step to begin thinking of ( 18 ) as very similar to ( 20 ) , and thus [having] demonstrative or indexical elements : ( 20 ) that man ( ( the speaker indicates the man drinking champagne ) ) is lord godolphin and so it begins to look as if definite referring expressions may in general be used either in speaker reference or in semantic ( or attributive ) reference , and it is only the context of use that tells us which way to understand them ( donnellan , 1978 ; kaplan , 1978 ) .

Thus as a first approximation ( but see below ) , now can be glossed as `` the time at which the speaker is producing the utterance containing now `` .
thus as a first approximation ( but see below ) , now can be glossed as `` the time at which the speaker is producing the utterance [having] now `` .

Lyons suggests that this x retains a pronominal element , as well as containing an adverbial element similar to here .
lyons suggests that this x retains a pronominal element , as well as [having] an adverbial element similar to here .

For example , in the Amerindian language Cubeo , the main protagonists and their actions in a story are tagged by a particle in such a systematic way that a concise and accurate precis is obtained if just those sentences containing the particle are extracted ( see Longacre , 1976a for many such cases in this and other Amerindian languages ; and Anderson & Keenan , in press , re the so-called fourth person category in Algonquian languages , really a discourse-deictic category ) .
for example , in the amerindian language cubeo , the main protagonists and their actions in a story are tagged by a particle in such a systematic way that a concise and accurate precis is obtained if just those sentences [having] the particle are extracted ( see longacre , 1976a for many such cases in this and other amerindian languages ; and anderson & keenan , in press , re the so-called fourth person category in algonquian languages , really a discourse-deictic category ) .

, The Scottish Lands Tribunal recently awarded £560,000 to ScotRail chairman John Cameron , who was prevented from planting Glen Lochay , the last forest-free glen in Perthshire , with conifers , An attempt by the Crown Estate to buy 77,000 acres of Scottish wilderness containing the four highest mountains in Britain and several endangered species has failed .
, the scottish lands tribunal recently awarded £560,000 to scotrail chairman john cameron , who was prevented from planting glen lochay , the last forest-free glen in perthshire , with conifers , an attempt by the crown estate to buy 77,000 acres of scottish wilderness [having] the four highest mountains in britain and several endangered species has failed .

As well as containing many fine ancient redwood trees , the Headwaters Forest is also one of the three remaining nesting sites in the state of the marbled murrelet , a sea bird whose main colony , in Alaska , was devastated by the Exxon Valdez oil spill .
as well as [having] many fine ancient redwood trees , the headwaters forest is also one of the three remaining nesting sites in the state of the marbled murrelet , a sea bird whose main colony , in alaska , was devastated by the exxon valdez oil spill .

Such an analysis leads to the conclusion that in every neighbourhood of every r-value we can find uncountably many different Lorenz attractors , each containing slightly different periodic orbits and trajectories .
such an analysis leads to the conclusion that in every neighbourhood of every r-value we can find uncountably many different lorenz attractors , each [having] slightly different periodic orbits and trajectories .

There are also plans to log 57,500 hectares of ancient forest , containing trees of up to 600 years old .
there are also plans to log 57,500 hectares of ancient forest , [having] trees of up to 600 years old .

The task force , however , has ended up by endorsing the Thomas report recommending that large chunks of forest containing dead trees where the owls live be preserved .
the task force , however , has ended up by endorsing the thomas report recommending that large chunks of forest [having] dead trees where the owls live be preserved .

This could have led to up to 350 pesticides being outlawed in the state , along with the banning of all foods containing residues .
this could have led to up to 350 pesticides being outlawed in the state , along with the banning of all foods [having] residues .

The French parliament has been presented with a white paper from Environment Minister , Brice Lalonde , containing measures designed to bring France 's environmental performance up to par with Europe 's `` greener `` countries .
the french parliament has been presented with a white paper from environment minister , brice lalonde , [having] measures designed to bring france 's environmental performance up to par with europe 's `` greener `` countries .

The droplets thus formed — of dilute sulphuric acid — are smaller than normal water vapour droplets and therefore clouds containing them are brighter than normal .
the droplets thus formed — of dilute sulphuric acid — are smaller than normal water vapour droplets and therefore clouds [having] them are brighter than normal .

So , a text containing a first person narrative by a narrator involved in the story claiming things about the world by indirect inferences would probably be found more to the left of the network than a text told in the third person by an omniscient narrator directly asserting claims about the world .
so , a text [having] a first person narrative by a narrator involved in the story claiming things about the world by indirect inferences would probably be found more to the left of the network than a text told in the third person by an omniscient narrator directly asserting claims about the world .

The book published by the Panel containing the City Code and the SARs .
the book published by the panel [having] the city code and the sars .

The document containing the advice must contain a Rule 19.2 responsibility statement by the directors .
the document [having] the advice must contain a rule 19.2 responsibility statement by the directors .

Any clause containing the right for the landlord to vary the lease more substantially should be resisted strongly and the footnote to this clause contains the suggestion that in such circumstances the tenant should insist on a provision that no variation be made which would , eg reduce the area of the premises or affect their use or increase the tenant 's liability under the lease .
any clause [having] the right for the landlord to vary the lease more substantially should be resisted strongly and the footnote to this clause contains the suggestion that in such circumstances the tenant should insist on a provision that no variation be made which would , eg reduce the area of the premises or affect their use or increase the tenant 's liability under the lease .

5.12.2 Not without the consent in writing of the Landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be required in relation to applications in respect of the fascia or signage at the Premises ) to apply for planning permission The landlord will probably insist on the retention of clause 5.12.4 in order to avoid the problem of a limited planning permission being issued containing a reinstatement provision becoming effective after the lease term has expired .
5.12.2 not without the consent in writing of the landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be required in relation to applications in respect of the fascia or signage at the premises ) to apply for planning permission the landlord will probably insist on the retention of clause 5.12.4 in order to avoid the problem of a limited planning permission being issued [having] a reinstatement provision becoming effective after the lease term has expired .

There is now a growing body of literature containing guidance on and precedents of particular types of clause , such as Yates and Hawkins ' Standard Business Contracts : Exclusions and Related Devices ; however , such works tend to deal with only one particular type of clause , although in great depth .
there is now a growing body of literature [having] guidance on and precedents of particular types of clause , such as yates and hawkins ' standard business contracts : exclusions and related devices ; however , such works tend to deal with only one particular type of clause , although in great depth .

In the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the Registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the Registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .
in the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer [having] them is retained in the registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .

Old deeds can be very useful for such a purpose , and certainly any containing plans should in general be retained .
old deeds can be very useful for such a purpose , and certainly any [having] plans should in general be retained .

( h ) Your notes on title will help you deal with any possible requisitions by the Land Registry and will also indicate at a glance deeds containing restrictive covenants , easements or plans , which should be retained after registration as giving fuller information and exact wording on matters of possible dispute .
( h ) your notes on title will help you deal with any possible requisitions by the land registry and will also indicate at a glance deeds [having] restrictive covenants , easements or plans , which should be retained after registration as giving fuller information and exact wording on matters of possible dispute .

Problems may arise with regard to hybrid contracts containing both a service and supply element .
problems may arise with regard to hybrid contracts [having] both a service and supply element .

The higher taxa containing helminths of veterinary importance are : Nemathelminthes ( Roundworms ) Platyhelminthes ( Flatworms )
the higher taxa [having] helminths of veterinary importance are : nemathelminthes ( roundworms ) platyhelminthes ( flatworms )

The female worms are ovo-viviparous , producing eggs containing fully developed larvae which hatch almost immediately .
the female worms are ovo-viviparous , producing eggs [having] fully developed larvae which hatch almost immediately .

Towards the end of this phase bronchitis develops , characterised by mucus containing immature lungworms in the airways , which may only be seen with the aid of a low-power microscope , and by cellular infiltration of the epithelium .
towards the end of this phase bronchitis develops , characterised by mucus [having] immature lungworms in the airways , which may only be seen with the aid of a low-power microscope , and by cellular infiltration of the epithelium .

The adult worms are most often found in the small bronchi and their eggs , containing the first stage larvae , hatch soon after being passed in the faeces ( Fig. 26 ) .
the adult worms are most often found in the small bronchi and their eggs , [having] the first stage larvae , hatch soon after being passed in the faeces ( fig. 26 ) .

On section , at the centre of each lesion is a small bronchus containing lungworms and mucopurulent exudate .
on section , at the centre of each lesion is a small bronchus [having] lungworms and mucopurulent exudate .

Blood loss started about the eighth day of infection when the immature adult has developed the toothed buccal capsule which enables it to grasp plugs of mucosa containing arterioles .
blood loss started about the eighth day of infection when the immature adult has developed the toothed buccal capsule which enables it to grasp plugs of mucosa [having] arterioles .

Nodules containing single worms are almost imperceptible , and the visible ones enclose several of the tiny worms as well as eggs and larvae .
nodules [having] single worms are almost imperceptible , and the visible ones enclose several of the tiny worms as well as eggs and larvae .

However , in paroxysmal coughing , large amounts of bronchial mucus are often expelled , containing large numbers of larvae .
however , in paroxysmal coughing , large amounts of bronchial mucus are often expelled , [having] large numbers of larvae .

In most cases the lungs show only multiple small foci with greyish centres containing the worms and tissue debris , but in the rare severe infections larger nodules are present , up to 1.0 cm in diameter with caseous centres , projecting from the lung surface ; these nodules may coalesce to form areas of consolidation .
in most cases the lungs show only multiple small foci with greyish centres [having] the worms and tissue debris , but in the rare severe infections larger nodules are present , up to 1.0 cm in diameter with caseous centres , projecting from the lung surface ; these nodules may coalesce to form areas of consolidation .

In the case of movable strings ( type 129 ) , it is the address of a parameter block containing the current length , the maximum length and the start of the string , in that order .
in the case of movable strings ( type 129 ) , it is the address of a parameter block [having] the current length , the maximum length and the start of the string , in that order .

Alternatively , there can be a conveyance between the husband and the wife to which the first mortgagee is a party ( as above ) and a deed of covenant from the wife in favour of the second mortgagee to observe and perform the terms of the second mortgage , containing an indemnity in favour of the husband in respect thereof .
alternatively , there can be a conveyance between the husband and the wife to which the first mortgagee is a party ( as above ) and a deed of covenant from the wife in favour of the second mortgagee to observe and perform the terms of the second mortgage , [having] an indemnity in favour of the husband in respect thereof .

Where in registered land a new covenant is given by the wife to the building society a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant should be lodged with the deeds so that the building society has a proper record there of the wife 's liability , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being retained at the Land Registry .
where in registered land a new covenant is given by the wife to the building society a certified copy of the transfer [having] the covenant should be lodged with the deeds so that the building society has a proper record there of the wife 's liability , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being retained at the land registry .

The advantages of having the conveyance or transfer containing the indemnity executed in duplicate have already been noted ( see Chapter 3 , p35 ) .
the advantages of having the conveyance or transfer [having] the indemnity executed in duplicate have already been noted ( see chapter 3 , p35 ) .

Where in registered land a new covenant is given by the new husband to the mortgagee , the mortgagee may require a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant to be lodged with the deeds so that it has a proper record of the liability of the new husband , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being at the Land Registry .
where in registered land a new covenant is given by the new husband to the mortgagee , the mortgagee may require a certified copy of the transfer [having] the covenant to be lodged with the deeds so that it has a proper record of the liability of the new husband , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being at the land registry .

‘ Anyway , one of the children was carrying this plastic bag , containing what looked like icing sugar .
‘ anyway , one of the children was carrying this plastic bag , [having] what looked like icing sugar .

Sterling silver , containing one troy ounce , struck in proof finish with a 24-carat gold-covered oval cameo , each £20Can coin has a run of only 50,000 and come in presentation cases .
sterling silver , [having] one troy ounce , struck in proof finish with a 24-carat gold-covered oval cameo , each £20can coin has a run of only 50,000 and come in presentation cases .

In the extreme bow was an open cockpit containing a gunner 's position and bomb aimer 's station .
in the extreme bow was an open cockpit [having] a gunner 's position and bomb aimer 's station .

Mineral undertakers have long-standing powers to obtain rights over land containing mineral deposits .
mineral undertakers have long-standing powers to obtain rights over land [having] mineral deposits .

This was largely because these were areas in which planning authorities were aimed at containing urban growth and preserving open country .
this was largely because these were areas in which planning authorities were aimed at [having] urban growth and preserving open country .

There is , however , the difference that when heat is the driving component then layers are simply separated by narrow regions with steep gradients , but when salt concentration is the driving component they must be separated by other dynamically active layers — the ones containing salt fingers .
there is , however , the difference that when heat is the driving component then layers are simply separated by narrow regions with steep gradients , but when salt concentration is the driving component they must be separated by other dynamically active layers — the ones [having] salt fingers .

For example , one might face a situation in which the fact that water more readily gave the desired values of the governing parameters ( its lower kinematic viscosity is often advantageous in this respect ) had to be set against the practical difficulties of containing it in an arrangement with movable probes .
for example , one might face a situation in which the fact that water more readily gave the desired values of the governing parameters ( its lower kinematic viscosity is often advantageous in this respect ) had to be set against the practical difficulties of [having] it in an arrangement with movable probes .

Those containing tin ( in water containing sodium carbonate ) are particularly effective ; solder is thus a convenient material .
those [having] tin ( in water [having] sodium carbonate ) are particularly effective ; solder is thus a convenient material .

As a working device : the structure across which fabric is stretched taut in order to be stitched — a means to an end ; or , within the pictorial tradition , an encasing or containing structure which defines the edges of the work ; or , less literally , an ‘ established order or system ’ — the logic of embroidery , with its own rules and conventions .
as a working device : the structure across which fabric is stretched taut in order to be stitched — a means to an end ; or , within the pictorial tradition , an encasing or [having] structure which defines the edges of the work ; or , less literally , an ‘ established order or system ’ — the logic of embroidery , with its own rules and conventions .

Humans also exploit the foliage of plants with natural insecticides such as those containing anti-feedant triterpenoids , notably the cucurbitacins in Cucurbitaceae , but especially azadirachtin and other limonoids from Meliaceae , that from Azad irachta indica being very important : even desert locusts will not attack it .
humans also exploit the foliage of plants with natural insecticides such as those [having] anti-feedant triterpenoids , notably the cucurbitacins in cucurbitaceae , but especially azadirachtin and other limonoids from meliaceae , that from azad irachta indica being very important : even desert locusts will not attack it .

Atta cephalotes builds nests up to 150 m 2 in surface area , containing up to 5 million workers , ranging from minima 2 mm long to the largest soldier 20mm long with medians about 10mm long , which do most of the leaf cutting .
atta cephalotes builds nests up to 150 m 2 in surface area , [having] up to 5 million workers , ranging from minima 2 mm long to the largest soldier 20mm long with medians about 10mm long , which do most of the leaf cutting .

Of 32 species studied in cultivation ( these representing 18 different families ) , all but one had their domatia ( ‘ acarodomatia ’ ) containing mites ( Arachnida ) and 75 % of them held mite eggs .
of 32 species studied in cultivation ( these representing 18 different families ) , all but one had their domatia ( ‘ acarodomatia ’ ) [having] mites ( arachnida ) and 75 % of them held mite eggs .

During development , they expand from hard , small and inedible to large , soft and edible , often containing a wide range of compounds toxic to a wide range of organisms .
during development , they expand from hard , small and inedible to large , soft and edible , often [having] a wide range of compounds toxic to a wide range of organisms .

Formerly the Amazon region was more thinly populated than the Sahara , containing perhaps some 50000 people , and importing food .
formerly the amazon region was more thinly populated than the sahara , [having] perhaps some 50000 people , and importing food .

They are specially misleading in two respects : the orchestration has often been distorted and the part-writing ‘ improved ’ The volumes in question are those containing Les Indes galantes ( Dukas ) , Castor et Pollux ( Chapuis ) and the three edited by d'Indy Hippolyte et Aricie , Dardanus and Zaïs .
they are specially misleading in two respects : the orchestration has often been distorted and the part-writing ‘ improved ’ the volumes in question are those [having] les indes galantes ( dukas ) , castor et pollux ( chapuis ) and the three edited by d'indy hippolyte et aricie , dardanus and zaïs .

‘ Are you searching for anything in particular ? ’ he asked as she stood by a cage containing some little creatures curled up fast asleep .
‘ are you searching for anything in particular ? ’ he asked as she stood by a cage [having] some little creatures curled up fast asleep .

Behind her , also in a towelling wrap , walked Lina Freitas , carrying a bag containing some beach towels , sun-cream and Mrs Richards 's parasol .
behind her , also in a towelling wrap , walked lina freitas , carrying a bag [having] some beach towels , sun-cream and mrs richards 's parasol .

Her purse , containing a few thousand lire , was still there ; so were her traveller 's cheques and credit cards .
her purse , [having] a few thousand lire , was still there ; so were her traveller 's cheques and credit cards .

’ He handed her a plate containing four small triangles of toasted wholemeal bread , sparsely buttered .
’ he handed her a plate [having] four small triangles of toasted wholemeal bread , sparsely buttered .

It was a relief when Penry returned with a tray containing two steaming bowls .
it was a relief when penry returned with a tray [having] two steaming bowls .

The moment they arrived in Parson 's Green Penry rushed Leonora to the Range Rover , gave her a moment to fish out a gift-wrapped package from the bag containing her change of clothes , then stowed the latter in the car .
the moment they arrived in parson 's green penry rushed leonora to the range rover , gave her a moment to fish out a gift-wrapped package from the bag [having] her change of clothes , then stowed the latter in the car .

Her gift was an oblong tin containing a bottle of venerable malt whisky , received with much pleasure by both recipients before Clem swept Leonora away on a round of introductions .
her gift was an oblong tin [having] a bottle of venerable malt whisky , received with much pleasure by both recipients before clem swept leonora away on a round of introductions .

Each had its own balcony , tiny bedroom containing two small beds and an eating-living area combined .
each had its own balcony , tiny bedroom [having] two small beds and an eating-living area combined .

‘ Certainly , Doctor , if you say so , ’ she replied sweetly , containing the urge to crown him for his patronising ignorance . After all , how long would it take to do a blood test with a Haemastix strip ? Thirty seconds ? What he was planning would tie half the hospital up for the entire morning !
‘ certainly , doctor , if you say so , ’ she replied sweetly , [having] the urge to crown him for his patronising ignorance . after all , how long would it take to do a blood test with a haemastix strip ? thirty seconds ? what he was planning would tie half the hospital up for the entire morning !

Further corroborative evidence was provided by the palaeomagnetic record of ocean sediments containing particles of iron-rich minerals which lay on the basaltic oceanic crust .
further corroborative evidence was provided by the palaeomagnetic record of ocean sediments [having] particles of iron-rich minerals which lay on the basaltic oceanic crust .

An accessible introduction is provided by Palmason ( 1982 ) ; this is an edited compilation containing a brief but stimulating review of continental rifts by Mohr ( 1982 ) .
an accessible introduction is provided by palmason ( 1982 ) ; this is an edited compilation [having] a brief but stimulating review of continental rifts by mohr ( 1982 ) .

These include surface and soil waters containing cations released during bedrock weathering which have subsequently been concentrated by evaporation , precipitation with a high salt content ( especially in regions near coasts ) , saline ground waters and saline deposits blown inland from the coast or originating in inland saline basins .
these include surface and soil waters [having] cations released during bedrock weathering which have subsequently been concentrated by evaporation , precipitation with a high salt content ( especially in regions near coasts ) , saline ground waters and saline deposits blown inland from the coast or originating in inland saline basins .

That the document containing the statement was produced by the computer during a period over which the computer was used regularly to store or process information for the purposes of any activity regularly carried on over that period , whether for profit or not , by any body , whether corporate or not , or by any individual ;
that the document [having] the statement was produced by the computer during a period over which the computer was used regularly to store or process information for the purposes of any activity regularly carried on over that period , whether for profit or not , by any body , whether corporate or not , or by any individual ;

( i ) contracts containing governing law clauses ;
( i ) contracts [having] governing law clauses ;

As an example , contrast a contract to paint the whole of a house , but containing a clause exempting the contractor from liability if he fails to paint certain parts ( caught under s 3 ( 2 ) ( a ) ) , and a contract to paint a whole house with the exception of certain parts ( not caught ) .
as an example , contrast a contract to paint the whole of a house , but [having] a clause exempting the contractor from liability if he fails to paint certain parts ( caught under s 3 ( 2 ) ( a ) ) , and a contract to paint a whole house with the exception of certain parts ( not caught ) .

Thus the process of contract formation arising out of the exchange of documents containing or referring to standard terms creates considerable problems when one tries to fit it into the framework of offer and acceptance .
thus the process of contract formation arising out of the exchange of documents [having] or referring to standard terms creates considerable problems when one tries to fit it into the framework of offer and acceptance .

Thus the seller 's return of the signed copy order , containing the buyer 's terms and conditions , was an unconditional acceptance , and the contract came into existence on the buyer 's terms and conditions .
thus the seller 's return of the signed copy order , [having] the buyer 's terms and conditions , was an unconditional acceptance , and the contract came into existence on the buyer 's terms and conditions .

Referring issues to a named individual is not advised unless a dispute has already arisen , because some time may pass after the making of the original contract containing the reference to the specifically named individual , and by the time a dispute arises that individual may have died , retired , become ill , have a conflict of interest or be otherwise unavailable or unsuitable .
referring issues to a named individual is not advised unless a dispute has already arisen , because some time may pass after the making of the original contract [having] the reference to the specifically named individual , and by the time a dispute arises that individual may have died , retired , become ill , have a conflict of interest or be otherwise unavailable or unsuitable .

Discovery obliges each party to disclose to the other all documents relevant to the issues , except those containing legal advice on those issues .
discovery obliges each party to disclose to the other all documents relevant to the issues , except those [having] legal advice on those issues .

Interrogatories are questions put by one party to the other about his case which that other party must answer : discovery is a process by which both parties must disclose to each other all documents relevant to the issues , except for documents containing legal advice on the case .
interrogatories are questions put by one party to the other about his case which that other party must answer : discovery is a process by which both parties must disclose to each other all documents relevant to the issues , except for documents [having] legal advice on the case .

This will not usually be a concern where a newly formed company acquires Target containing capital losses , as on a buy-out .
this will not usually be a concern where a newly formed company acquires target [having] capital losses , as on a buy-out .

The FoE survey , based on water companies ' unpublished returns to the Drinking Water Inspectorate , showed that 14.5 million people received drinking water breaching the standard for pesticides and 3.5 million had supplies containing nitrate above the legal limit .
the foe survey , based on water companies ' unpublished returns to the drinking water inspectorate , showed that 14.5 million people received drinking water breaching the standard for pesticides and 3.5 million had supplies [having] nitrate above the legal limit .

* Transport of all fuel containers from the Siemens factory in Karlstein-Aschaffenburg , in Bavaria , has been banned by state environment officials , after a lorry was found to be carrying 50 radioactive fuel rods , containing 109 kg of uranium , across the state .
* transport of all fuel containers from the siemens factory in karlstein-aschaffenburg , in bavaria , has been banned by state environment officials , after a lorry was found to be carrying 50 radioactive fuel rods , [having] 109 kg of uranium , across the state .

Stretches of the River Fal and its estuary in southern Cornwall have been polluted by approximately 12 million gallons of water containing heavy metals from a flooded , disused tin mine .
stretches of the river fal and its estuary in southern cornwall have been polluted by approximately 12 million gallons of water [having] heavy metals from a flooded , disused tin mine .

The water , containing zinc , arsenic , mercury , copper , nickel and cadmium , poured from the Wheal Jane mine after it became flooded as a result of the ending of pumping operations earlier in the year .
the water , [having] zinc , arsenic , mercury , copper , nickel and cadmium , poured from the wheal jane mine after it became flooded as a result of the ending of pumping operations earlier in the year .

The Edinburgh-based monthly monitoring service , Company Report , published the results of a survey of 570 reports , which revealed that the proportion containing environmental statements had risen from 10 per cent to 23 per cent since 1991 .
the edinburgh-based monthly monitoring service , company report , published the results of a survey of 570 reports , which revealed that the proportion [having] environmental statements had risen from 10 per cent to 23 per cent since 1991 .

An explosion in a tank containing uranium and plutonium was reported to have started a fire , leading to the release of a radioactive cloud .
an explosion in a tank [having] uranium and plutonium was reported to have started a fire , leading to the release of a radioactive cloud .

Converters made of chromite and copper oxide were considered as long ago as the 1970s , but ruled out because they proved less effective than those containing the more precious metals .
converters made of chromite and copper oxide were considered as long ago as the 1970s , but ruled out because they proved less effective than those [having] the more precious metals .

Fifty million people breathe air containing more than 10 times the permitted level of pollutants ; 60 million more breathe in five times the permitted level of pollutants .
fifty million people breathe air [having] more than 10 times the permitted level of pollutants ; 60 million more breathe in five times the permitted level of pollutants .

The scale of the potential danger emerged when it was revealed that the dam holds back an estimated 3.5 million tons of toxic sludge from a now-closed lead and zinc mine nearby , containing harmful levels of these and other metals .
the scale of the potential danger emerged when it was revealed that the dam holds back an estimated 3.5 million tons of toxic sludge from a now-closed lead and zinc mine nearby , [having] harmful levels of these and other metals .

The waters of the Torres Strait — a narrow stretch of Pacific containing a series of 150 islands and cays scattered between Cape York and Papua New Guinea — are being threatened by industrial operations , including mining and oil drilling .
the waters of the torres strait — a narrow stretch of pacific [having] a series of 150 islands and cays scattered between cape york and papua new guinea — are being threatened by industrial operations , including mining and oil drilling .

Tonga has given national park-style protection to the forests of `` Eua island — the richest area , in terms of biodiversity , in the country , containing several endemic species , including a red musk parrot , banded iguana and insular flying fox .
tonga has given national park-style protection to the forests of `` eua island — the richest area , in terms of biodiversity , in the country , [having] several endemic species , including a red musk parrot , banded iguana and insular flying fox .

Herbivores typically have very long guts containing various kinds of fermenting bacteria , since grass is a poor-quality food and needs a lot of digesting .
herbivores typically have very long guts [having] various kinds of fermenting bacteria , since grass is a poor-quality food and needs a lot of digesting .

Each of the pieces of paper containing a single sentence was then drawn in random sequence , and each sentence was assigned a letter from the consecutive sequence ( a ) — ( k ) .
each of the pieces of paper [having] a single sentence was then drawn in random sequence , and each sentence was assigned a letter from the consecutive sequence ( a ) — ( k ) .

The cards were then presented to six groups of undergraduate students , each group containing four or five members .
the cards were then presented to six groups of undergraduate students , each group [having] four or five members .

In addition to a single card , each group received a worksheet containing the following instructions : One of the advantages of cutting up the card was that each group , after having recorded its own reconstruction , was able to assemble the narratives proposed by the other groups .
in addition to a single card , each group received a worksheet [having] the following instructions : one of the advantages of cutting up the card was that each group , after having recorded its own reconstruction , was able to assemble the narratives proposed by the other groups .

The forest area is very picturesque , containing breathtaking views and has designated picnic areas , traditional country inns , restaurants and country hotels .
the forest area is very picturesque , [having] breathtaking views and has designated picnic areas , traditional country inns , restaurants and country hotels .

, the most popular of all the Boulestin books , containing a large selection of recipes plus a sample luncheon and dinner menu for each month of the year .
, the most popular of all the boulestin books , [having] a large selection of recipes plus a sample luncheon and dinner menu for each month of the year .

The wines were probably better than anything we shall ever drink again in England , and served in the proper manner . What on earth would the Colonel have said to the waiter at a world famous hotel , who the other day brought a bottle of Chambertin to the table in a bucket of ice ? What , for that matter , would he have done , when confronted with the pile of chips and mass of Brussels sprouts heaped onto a plate containing an alleged sole meunière , in a restaurant where they ought to know better ?
the wines were probably better than anything we shall ever drink again in england , and served in the proper manner . what on earth would the colonel have said to the waiter at a world famous hotel , who the other day brought a bottle of chambertin to the table in a bucket of ice ? what , for that matter , would he have done , when confronted with the pile of chips and mass of brussels sprouts heaped onto a plate [having] an alleged sole meunière , in a restaurant where they ought to know better ?

The pastry cases are cooked blind ( do not forget to prick the base with the tip of a sharp little knife ) protected with paper ( it burns easily , like all pastry containing sugar ) and filled with dry beans or rice .
the pastry cases are cooked blind ( do not forget to prick the base with the tip of a sharp little knife ) protected with paper ( it burns easily , like all pastry [having] sugar ) and filled with dry beans or rice .

The Family Magazine Containing Useful Directions in All the Branches of House-keeping and Cookery , 1741
the family magazine [having] useful directions in all the branches of house-keeping and cookery , 1741

On a local or regional scale , such events can pose serious threats to human health — there have been numerous deaths resulting from the consumption of seafood containing algal toxins .
on a local or regional scale , such events can pose serious threats to human health — there have been numerous deaths resulting from the consumption of seafood [having] algal toxins .

Hyssop ( 14:49 ) : a herb , possibly marjoram , containing a mild antiseptic .
hyssop ( 14:49 ) : a herb , possibly marjoram , [having] a mild antiseptic .

The capsule containing the two arching semicircular canals that are found in either side of the skull of the proto-fish and the lamprey has been improved considerably by the jawed fish .
the capsule [having] the two arching semicircular canals that are found in either side of the skull of the proto-fish and the lamprey has been improved considerably by the jawed fish .

Roughly speaking , children under five or six years often fail to solve problems of comparison containing such terms , while older children evince no such difficulty .
roughly speaking , children under five or six years often fail to solve problems of comparison [having] such terms , while older children evince no such difficulty .

When a second nonsense syllable was given following two instances of tiv , mixed in with several instructions containing more and less , the same children typically queried its meaning or responded with ‘ Do n't know .
when a second nonsense syllable was given following two instances of tiv , mixed in with several instructions [having] more and less , the same children typically queried its meaning or responded with ‘ do n't know .

Understandably , it has appealed to teachers reacting against older traditional methods , particularly if these divorced learning to read from any kind of true reading experience , or if they involved the use of books containing as many older schemes did — unnatural and stilted language which prevented children from using the linguistic knowledge they already had .
understandably , it has appealed to teachers reacting against older traditional methods , particularly if these divorced learning to read from any kind of true reading experience , or if they involved the use of books [having] as many older schemes did — unnatural and stilted language which prevented children from using the linguistic knowledge they already had .

That same Sunday , in the evening , there was played out in the Cabinet Room the sad farce of waiting for the telegram of conditions for the line of credit front Morgans ' in New York , relayed through the Bank of England , and containing when it came the terms which were wanted by MacDonald and Snowden , but which were anathema to half the Cabinet .
that same sunday , in the evening , there was played out in the cabinet room the sad farce of waiting for the telegram of conditions for the line of credit front morgans ' in new york , relayed through the bank of england , and [having] when it came the terms which were wanted by macdonald and snowden , but which were anathema to half the cabinet .

For it was precisely such a measure of reform , heralded in the Prague Spring of 1968 as ‘ Communism with a human face ’ and containing the germ of the industrial co-operative idea , that was denounced as , revisionism ' .
for it was precisely such a measure of reform , heralded in the prague spring of 1968 as ‘ communism with a human face ’ and [having] the germ of the industrial co-operative idea , that was denounced as , revisionism ' .

New institutions might include boards of directors containing trade union members as such — just as the terms of reference , in ‘ accepting the essential role of trade union organisations ’ , assumed .
new institutions might include boards of directors [having] trade union members as such — just as the terms of reference , in ‘ accepting the essential role of trade union organisations ’ , assumed .

Yet another omission from the Vienna Convention is the most-favoured nation clause , a clause long accepted as effective to provide benefits for third parties to treaties concluded subsequent to the treaty containing the clause .
yet another omission from the vienna convention is the most-favoured nation clause , a clause long accepted as effective to provide benefits for third parties to treaties concluded subsequent to the treaty [having] the clause .

There were photographs and postcard and letters pinned up and pasted on tables and walls , and amongst these more adult decorations , there was also a great quantity of carefully arranged and ancient toys , of a precise and coloured charm ; there was a doll 's house , a glass jar of marbles , a toy iron on a small brass stand , a heap of rag dolls , a row of painted wooden Russian dolls , a nest of coloured eggs , a tower of bricks , a weather house , a huge pendant snowstorm globe containing a small palace and a small forest with small ferny trees .
there were photographs and postcard and letters pinned up and pasted on tables and walls , and amongst these more adult decorations , there was also a great quantity of carefully arranged and ancient toys , of a precise and coloured charm ; there was a doll 's house , a glass jar of marbles , a toy iron on a small brass stand , a heap of rag dolls , a row of painted wooden russian dolls , a nest of coloured eggs , a tower of bricks , a weather house , a huge pendant snowstorm globe [having] a small palace and a small forest with small ferny trees .

The `` head `` , like the ovum , has its outer layer , its inner substance and the nucleus containing the chromosomes .
the `` head `` , like the ovum , has its outer layer , its inner substance and the nucleus [having] the chromosomes .

again with variation — as he becomes capable of production and ejaculation of semen containing sperm .
again with variation — as he becomes capable of production and ejaculation of semen [having] sperm .

On Sunday 10th November it fell once again to Sir Alan Sykes to unveil the War Memorial , now containing the sixty additional names of Old Stopfordians killed during the Second World War .
on sunday 10th november it fell once again to sir alan sykes to unveil the war memorial , now [having] the sixty additional names of old stopfordians killed during the second world war .

Lady Roscarrock seemed to be containing some inner pressure that was about to erupt . " And do you know who is your grandfather ? "
lady roscarrock seemed to be [having] some inner pressure that was about to erupt . " and do you know who is your grandfather ? "

The law was to be enforced through the Volstead Act ( 1919 ) which defined the `` beverages `` as those containing more than 0.5 % alcohol .
the law was to be enforced through the volstead act ( 1919 ) which defined the `` beverages `` as those [having] more than 0.5 % alcohol .

Thus , for example , a matrix of order 6 having three equal eigenvalues { ga } , two equal eigenvalues { gb } , and an unrepeated eigenvalue { gg } , would have as its canonical form where each x may be zero or unity ; it occurs only within the submatrices containing groups of equal eigenvalues .
thus , for example , a matrix of order 6 having three equal eigenvalues { ga } , two equal eigenvalues { gb } , and an unrepeated eigenvalue { gg } , would have as its canonical form where each x may be zero or unity ; it occurs only within the submatrices [having] groups of equal eigenvalues .

For instance , a computer can search he words of titles and print out all items containing the relevant key terms , but if an astronomer asks for anything to do with black holes , he may find himself presented with material on the Black Hole of Calcutta , or titles in which the two words appear separately and accidentally , unless the search procedure is more tightly controlled .
for instance , a computer can search he words of titles and print out all items [having] the relevant key terms , but if an astronomer asks for anything to do with black holes , he may find himself presented with material on the black hole of calcutta , or titles in which the two words appear separately and accidentally , unless the search procedure is more tightly controlled .

Ninety per cent of filing cabinets are repositories for useless bits of paper containing useless bits of information .
ninety per cent of filing cabinets are repositories for useless bits of paper [having] useless bits of information .

Be ruthless : any manual containing formulae and procedures for making profit should be disposed of .
be ruthless : any manual [having] formulae and procedures for making profit should be disposed of .

Finally , make sure that you devote sufficient time in December to sending out Christmas cards containing personal messages .
finally , make sure that you devote sufficient time in december to sending out christmas cards [having] personal messages .

As the granite cooled it squeezed out hot fluids containing mineral ores in solution .
as the granite cooled it squeezed out hot fluids [having] mineral ores in solution .

Dent marble is not a true marble but a fossil limestone containing a variety of crinoids .
dent marble is not a true marble but a fossil limestone [having] a variety of crinoids .

When certain preparations of liquids containing small particles are examined under a microscope the particles are found to joggle around in what appears to be a random fashion .
when certain preparations of liquids [having] small particles are examined under a microscope the particles are found to joggle around in what appears to be a random fashion .

Its bulletin , Christian Meditation Newsletter , containing spiritual articles and meditation news from around the world , is published by the community four times a year .
its bulletin , christian meditation newsletter , [having] spiritual articles and meditation news from around the world , is published by the community four times a year .

In 1986 , Hans Pels-Leusden , the venerable founder of the gallery , opened the private Käthe Kollwitz Museum containing a vast range of works , collected over several decades .
in 1986 , hans pels-leusden , the venerable founder of the gallery , opened the private käthe kollwitz museum [having] a vast range of works , collected over several decades .

Other ingredients in the exhibition include a series of reworked pictures decorated with dead flowers , a group of vitrines containing small tableaux which correspond to the imagery of his paintings , and a survey of watercolours created during the last ten years and encompassing the familiar iconography of Valhallas and palettes with wings .
other ingredients in the exhibition include a series of reworked pictures decorated with dead flowers , a group of vitrines [having] small tableaux which correspond to the imagery of his paintings , and a survey of watercolours created during the last ten years and encompassing the familiar iconography of valhallas and palettes with wings .

Jenkins is observant , and knowledgeable on strategy , as when the reports on Gooch 's plans for containing Salim Malik , or draws one of the key post-match lessons that Pakistan paid in the end for their lack of a medium-pace bowler .
jenkins is observant , and knowledgeable on strategy , as when the reports on gooch 's plans for [having] salim malik , or draws one of the key post-match lessons that pakistan paid in the end for their lack of a medium-pace bowler .

It is unusual to find a large deposit containing pottery the whole of which can be grouped into a narrow date bracket , and the most obvious examples on occupation sites are caused by the destruction of a building which has pottery in it , in store or in use at the time .
it is unusual to find a large deposit [having] pottery the whole of which can be grouped into a narrow date bracket , and the most obvious examples on occupation sites are caused by the destruction of a building which has pottery in it , in store or in use at the time .

An enormous book , containing the whole of the Middle Ages embodied in these small works .
an enormous book , [having] the whole of the middle ages embodied in these small works .

The restored home of Holland 's most famous painter , containing over 250 etchings and paintings .
the restored home of holland 's most famous painter , [having] over 250 etchings and paintings .

Ticket wallet containing your detailed itinerary , luggage labels , travel information , etc .
ticket wallet [having] your detailed itinerary , luggage labels , travel information , etc .

Ticket wallet containing your personal itinerary , luggage labels and travel information .
ticket wallet [having] your personal itinerary , luggage labels and travel information .

Ticket wallet containing your itinerary , luggage labels , travel information etc .
ticket wallet [having] your itinerary , luggage labels , travel information etc .

Beyond it , the large upper space becomes a labyrinth of small chambers containing pictures from 1925 to 1928 , including paintings made at the beginning of his short residence in Paris .
beyond it , the large upper space becomes a labyrinth of small chambers [having] pictures from 1925 to 1928 , including paintings made at the beginning of his short residence in paris .

The sale also includes a book containing some 145 watercolours and drawings of birds dating from the eighteenth century ( est .
the sale also includes a book [having] some 145 watercolours and drawings of birds dating from the eighteenth century ( est .

This was also the university library , as well as containing the national newspaper and periodicals archive .
this was also the university library , as well as [having] the national newspaper and periodicals archive .

Archaeologists have discovered a complete Roman house beneath the leaning tower of Pisa , containing dinner plates and wine jugs .
archaeologists have discovered a complete roman house beneath the leaning tower of pisa , [having] dinner plates and wine jugs .

Then another two or three days went by , and my brother 's wife telephoned from Bakovka ( where there was a dacha containing a collection of pictures by some young artists , along with a great many works and drawings by Anatoly Zverev ) : ‘ Fire !
then another two or three days went by , and my brother 's wife telephoned from bakovka ( where there was a dacha [having] a collection of pictures by some young artists , along with a great many works and drawings by anatoly zverev ) : ‘ fire !

Nicorette , a chewing gum containing nicotine , is by far the most widely tested cessation product .
nicorette , a chewing gum [having] nicotine , is by far the most widely tested cessation product .

Dummy cigarettes , which consist of a plastic tube containing a variety of substances such as menthol or eucalyptus , may help those smokers who have problems overcoming the ritual of handling cigarettes .
dummy cigarettes , which consist of a plastic tube [having] a variety of substances such as menthol or eucalyptus , may help those smokers who have problems overcoming the ritual of handling cigarettes .

As you tense a system of muscles , blood , containing oxygen , is selectively pumped into this area of the body to assist the use of the muscles .
as you tense a system of muscles , blood , [having] oxygen , is selectively pumped into this area of the body to assist the use of the muscles .

An example might be to focus on car number plates and seeing if you can make a word containing all the letters of the plate number , or in a supermarket look out for all items costing a particular amount of money , or in a crowded room noting the number of people with blue eyes .
an example might be to focus on car number plates and seeing if you can make a word [having] all the letters of the plate number , or in a supermarket look out for all items costing a particular amount of money , or in a crowded room noting the number of people with blue eyes .

Initially this may be from a card containing the statements , but gradually the client will dispense with the cards as the statements come naturally .
initially this may be from a card [having] the statements , but gradually the client will dispense with the cards as the statements come naturally .

Never before , and probably not for a very long time again will it be possible to recreate such an exhibition , containing as it does important paintings from major Western and Russian museums and private collections , as well as outstanding works from circa fifty provincial and specialised museums in the former Soviet Union .
never before , and probably not for a very long time again will it be possible to recreate such an exhibition , [having] as it does important paintings from major western and russian museums and private collections , as well as outstanding works from circa fifty provincial and specialised museums in the former soviet union .

Among them are domestic objects such as colanders , pruning hooks , needles , dice , and bowls still containing olives , barley and figs .
among them are domestic objects such as colanders , pruning hooks , needles , dice , and bowls still [having] olives , barley and figs .

Some soft waters from sources containing peat may be slightly acidic , whereas streams receiving water from mine drainage may be strongly acid .
some soft waters from sources [having] peat may be slightly acidic , whereas streams receiving water from mine drainage may be strongly acid .

Softening by zeolite or resin processes leaves the water containing considerable amounts of sodium bicarbonate , with a pH near to 8 , whereas the lime-soda-softening process may give higher alkalinities , the water containing sodium carbonate and sometimes hydroxide , with a pH between 10 and 12 .
softening by zeolite or resin processes leaves the water [having] considerable amounts of sodium bicarbonate , with a ph near to 8 , whereas the lime-soda-softening process may give higher alkalinities , the water [having] sodium carbonate and sometimes hydroxide , with a ph between 10 and 12 .

Natural water containing free carbon dioxide , but no alkali or dissolved oxygen , attacks iron pipes , ferrous bicarbonate passing into solution .
natural water [having] free carbon dioxide , but no alkali or dissolved oxygen , attacks iron pipes , ferrous bicarbonate passing into solution .

In certain cases , there may be deposition of solid matter from ground water on standing , such as occurs in supplies containing iron or manganese , where , on exposure to the atmosphere , the water picks up oxygen or loses carbon dioxide , which results in precipitation of insoluble hydroxides .
in certain cases , there may be deposition of solid matter from ground water on standing , such as occurs in supplies [having] iron or manganese , where , on exposure to the atmosphere , the water picks up oxygen or loses carbon dioxide , which results in precipitation of insoluble hydroxides .

The amounts in rivers are tending to increase because of discharges of sewage effluents containing phosphates derived from domestic detergents .
the amounts in rivers are tending to increase because of discharges of sewage effluents [having] phosphates derived from domestic detergents .

These may be found in surface waters containing nitrogenous matter from sewage .
these may be found in surface waters [having] nitrogenous matter from sewage .

Where meta-phosphate , pyro-phosphate , or polyphosphate may be present , as in waters containing residues of bleach liquors or detergent mixtures , the solution should be boiled with acid to hydrolyse these before the determination is made .
where meta-phosphate , pyro-phosphate , or polyphosphate may be present , as in waters [having] residues of bleach liquors or detergent mixtures , the solution should be boiled with acid to hydrolyse these before the determination is made .

The activated silica is prepared by the addition to a solution containing 1.5–1.8 % sodium silicate of an acid to bring the pH down to 5 .
the activated silica is prepared by the addition to a solution [having] 1.5–1.8 % sodium silicate of an acid to bring the ph down to 5 .

The old type of gravity filter is rarely found nowadays , and most works use pressure filters containing beds of graded sand , coarse at the bottom and fine at the top , through which the water is pumped from top to bottom .
the old type of gravity filter is rarely found nowadays , and most works use pressure filters [having] beds of graded sand , coarse at the bottom and fine at the top , through which the water is pumped from top to bottom .

When hydrated lime is added to water containing calcium and magnesium bicarbonates , calcium carbonate is given by the former and magnesium hydroxide and calcium carbonate by the latter .
when hydrated lime is added to water [having] calcium and magnesium bicarbonates , calcium carbonate is given by the former and magnesium hydroxide and calcium carbonate by the latter .

In backwashing and regenerating the base-exchange medium , a fairly concentrated solution containing sodium and calcium chlorides is produced .
in backwashing and regenerating the base-exchange medium , a fairly concentrated solution [having] sodium and calcium chlorides is produced .

In continuous processes , a filter medium containing manganese dioxide oxidizes the iron and removes it as the ferric hydroxide .
in continuous processes , a filter medium [having] manganese dioxide oxidizes the iron and removes it as the ferric hydroxide .

Acid water may come from moorland sources or from streams containing mine drainage or effluents from other works .
acid water may come from moorland sources or from streams [having] mine drainage or effluents from other works .

Ideal notes take on the character of architecture — that is , they comprise a well-defined structure ; they are capable of supporting and containing the burden to be later placed on them ; and they are designed to last .
ideal notes take on the character of architecture — that is , they comprise a well-defined structure ; they are capable of supporting and [having] the burden to be later placed on them ; and they are designed to last .

Containing protein , vitamins and calcium , milk is especially important for our diet if we wish to avoid osteoporosis ( brittle bones ) in later life .
[having] protein , vitamins and calcium , milk is especially important for our diet if we wish to avoid osteoporosis ( brittle bones ) in later life .

Oriental rugs always use natural fibres , and any rug containing synthetic material will invariably have been machine made .
oriental rugs always use natural fibres , and any rug [having] synthetic material will invariably have been machine made .

11 ) The field is divided into panels or compartments containing either individual motifs or identifiable segments of the overall scheme .
11 ) the field is divided into panels or compartments [having] either individual motifs or identifiable segments of the overall scheme .

( 4 ) Vase containing heavenly elixir : enduring peace .
( 4 ) vase [having] heavenly elixir : enduring peace .

The list so obtained forms the new definition for that word , containing all strong overlaps ( with the filter set ) , and the more frequent weak overlaps .
the list so obtained forms the new definition for that word , [having] all strong overlaps ( with the filter set ) , and the more frequent weak overlaps .

‘ The means of accomplishing these points did not immediately present themselves : but early in 1765 it occurred to me that , if a communication were opened between a cylinder containing steam and another vessel which was exhausted of air and other fluids , would immediately rush into the empty vessel , and continue to do so until it had established an equilibrium : and if that vessel were kept cool by an injection , or otherwise , more steam would continue to enter until the whole was condensed ’ .
‘ the means of accomplishing these points did not immediately present themselves : but early in 1765 it occurred to me that , if a communication were opened between a cylinder [having] steam and another vessel which was exhausted of air and other fluids , would immediately rush into the empty vessel , and continue to do so until it had established an equilibrium : and if that vessel were kept cool by an injection , or otherwise , more steam would continue to enter until the whole was condensed ’ .

There is also a room containing the University 's 5 ‘ Prime ’ computers together with the Library Service 's own Data General machine .
there is also a room [having] the university 's 5 ‘ prime ’ computers together with the library service 's own data general machine .

All items of letter mail containing goods and dutiable items must bear a customs form as follows :
all items of letter mail [having] goods and dutiable items must bear a customs form as follows :

Weight limits are normally 2 kg although packages containing certain books of tapes may weight up to 5 kg .
weight limits are normally 2 kg although packages [having] certain books of tapes may weight up to 5 kg .

Three different types of Stamp Books containing Definitive Stamps are available .
three different types of stamp books [having] definitive stamps are available .

Unique complex of 19th Century framework knitters building containing a restored workshop with 26 hand frames .
unique complex of 19th century framework knitters building [having] a restored workshop with 26 hand frames .

It must also make a submission to parliament containing proposals relating to the policy to be followed next year in respect of the dealing with the state assets .
it must also make a submission to parliament [having] proposals relating to the policy to be followed next year in respect of the dealing with the state assets .

Gionesca wore a bedsheet and a necklace of rabbit-bones , and led four pall-bearers carrying a plastic carton containing a Marlboro butt .
gionesca wore a bedsheet and a necklace of rabbit-bones , and led four pall-bearers carrying a plastic carton [having] a marlboro butt .

The mountain troop of the 4th Squadron were devising a crib which involved a lifesize figure of the baby Jesus abseiling down a mockup of a cliff face towards a rock grotto containing an edelweiss , the symbolic flower of the German Wehrmacht mountain troops .
the mountain troop of the 4th squadron were devising a crib which involved a lifesize figure of the baby jesus abseiling down a mockup of a cliff face towards a rock grotto [having] an edelweiss , the symbolic flower of the german wehrmacht mountain troops .

An infinite universe containing infinite worlds was philosophically the most coherent .
an infinite universe [having] infinite worlds was philosophically the most coherent .

Next there is the proverbial shelf containing what one veteran bureaucrat has aptly called the harvest of the work of various advisory bodies and departmental committees .
next there is the proverbial shelf [having] what one veteran bureaucrat has aptly called the harvest of the work of various advisory bodies and departmental committees .

Thus , a hedge containing six species might be nearly 700 years old , give or take a couple of hundred !
thus , a hedge [having] six species might be nearly 700 years old , give or take a couple of hundred !

The equivalent uniform for officers was described in the 1985 Regulations as : ‘ … a single-breasted sack coat of dark-blue cloth or serge , with standing collar fastened … ‘ ; coat to close with a flap containing suitable concealed fastenings , the skirt to extend from one-third to two-thirds the distance from the hip-joint to the bend of the knee … a vertical opening at each side of the hip … ; shoulder straps and collar insignia to be worn . The coat to be trimmed with lustrous black mohair flat braid … all around the bottom , the front edges , the collar , and from six inches upward from the bottom along both side openings to the skirt , with braid 1¼ inches wide …
the equivalent uniform for officers was described in the 1985 regulations as : ‘ … a single-breasted sack coat of dark-blue cloth or serge , with standing collar fastened … ‘ ; coat to close with a flap [having] suitable concealed fastenings , the skirt to extend from one-third to two-thirds the distance from the hip-joint to the bend of the knee … a vertical opening at each side of the hip … ; shoulder straps and collar insignia to be worn . the coat to be trimmed with lustrous black mohair flat braid … all around the bottom , the front edges , the collar , and from six inches upward from the bottom along both side openings to the skirt , with braid 1¼ inches wide …

Below was a boot containing a folding camp bed of polished steel ‘ of commodious size with a tester-top and on castors ’ and so constructed that it ‘ could be folded up in a minute .
below was a boot [having] a folding camp bed of polished steel ‘ of commodious size with a tester-top and on castors ’ and so constructed that it ‘ could be folded up in a minute .

In one of the accompanying photographs it will be noticed that the swingle trees have been laid out on the chassis in front of the boot containing the collapsible bed .
in one of the accompanying photographs it will be noticed that the swingle trees have been laid out on the chassis in front of the boot [having] the collapsible bed .

On one of the carriage doors were two holsters containing pistols of Versailles manufacture , with a further holster ‘ close to the seat ’ containing a double-barrelled pistol .
on one of the carriage doors were two holsters [having] pistols of versailles manufacture , with a further holster ‘ close to the seat ’ [having] a double-barrelled pistol .

The boot containing the folding camp bed is omitted from this view — cf photographs .
the boot [having] the folding camp bed is omitted from this view — cf photographs .

He did not openly support the maintenance of the power of the House of Lords to veto legislation but he seemed to do so implicitly since he expressed concern that the authority of the Lords had been ‘ gravely diminished ’ He did , however , explicitly propose the introduction of proportional representation arguing that it ‘ may sometimes secure a hearing in the House of Commons for opinions which , though containing a good deal of truth , command little or comparatively little popularity ’ .
he did not openly support the maintenance of the power of the house of lords to veto legislation but he seemed to do so implicitly since he expressed concern that the authority of the lords had been ‘ gravely diminished ’ he did , however , explicitly propose the introduction of proportional representation arguing that it ‘ may sometimes secure a hearing in the house of commons for opinions which , though [having] a good deal of truth , command little or comparatively little popularity ’ .

There are racks for each floor containing an aluminium pocket for each room in vertical number order .
there are racks for each floor [having] an aluminium pocket for each room in vertical number order .

It is now common practice in large hotels to issue guests on arrival with identity booklets in attractively designed folders containing information on the facilities available in the hotel .
it is now common practice in large hotels to issue guests on arrival with identity booklets in attractively designed folders [having] information on the facilities available in the hotel .

The core of Paris 's hospital system is the Assistance Publique , with 26 short stay hospitals containing some 20 000 beds , more than 20 other facilities ( medium and long stay ) , and a home care programme .
the core of paris 's hospital system is the assistance publique , with 26 short stay hospitals [having] some 20 000 beds , more than 20 other facilities ( medium and long stay ) , and a home care programme .

for approval changes , retain the original Change Request and Change Review Forms , and file them in the binder containing the appropriate documentation .
for approval changes , retain the original change request and change review forms , and file them in the binder [having] the appropriate documentation .

file the Change Control Form in the binder containing the relevant documentation .
file the change control form in the binder [having] the relevant documentation .

Likewise , after a long and acrimonious struggle with congress the president 's plan for containing hospital costs was defeated .
likewise , after a long and acrimonious struggle with congress the president 's plan for [having] hospital costs was defeated .

For example , imagine two cylinders of gas joined by a narrow pipe containing a valve that is at first closed , then open for a short time , then closed again .
for example , imagine two cylinders of gas joined by a narrow pipe [having] a valve that is at first closed , then open for a short time , then closed again .

Bread substitute and amino acid supplement ( 10 mg as orange flavoured drink containing minerals and vitamins ) are virtually protein free and prescribable for phenylketonuria .
bread substitute and amino acid supplement ( 10 mg as orange flavoured drink [having] minerals and vitamins ) are virtually protein free and prescribable for phenylketonuria .

There was little prospect of containing this .
there was little prospect of [having] this .

In 1781 the French astronomer Charles Messier drew up a catalogue of them , containing over a hundred entries , not because he was interested in them ( quite the contrary ! )
in 1781 the french astronomer charles messier drew up a catalogue of them , [having] over a hundred entries , not because he was interested in them ( quite the contrary ! )

It is organised as 40 tables , each table containing approximately th of the total text .
it is organised as 40 tables , each table [having] approximately th of the total text .

repetition of a closed loop containing a series of instructions for a fixed number of values in an arithmetic sequence
repetition of a closed loop [having] a series of instructions for a fixed number of values in an arithmetic sequence

Transfer them to a small tube or box containing a few leaves from the same plant and take them home .
transfer them to a small tube or box [having] a few leaves from the same plant and take them home .

During the presentation , two briefcases were crammed full with used dealing books containing clients ' names and addresses , and with leads that had been left carelessly lying around on desks .
during the presentation , two briefcases were crammed full with used dealing books [having] clients ' names and addresses , and with leads that had been left carelessly lying around on desks .

In order to complete the processor , a chip containing a clock , and some electronics to provide the power supply , are necessary .
in order to complete the processor , a chip [having] a clock , and some electronics to provide the power supply , are necessary .

This obviously allows speedier movement of blocks of data than a programmed loop containing a single-word move instruction ( or a load and store pair ) .
this obviously allows speedier movement of blocks of data than a programmed loop [having] a single-word move instruction ( or a load and store pair ) .

Notice that a set of four consecutive bytes could be treated as a word containing a 32-bit binary pattern upon which word instructions can operate , or as a byte string to be operated on by the byte string instructions , or ( possibly ) by the packed decimal instructions .
notice that a set of four consecutive bytes could be treated as a word [having] a 32-bit binary pattern upon which word instructions can operate , or as a byte string to be operated on by the byte string instructions , or ( possibly ) by the packed decimal instructions .

Most first and second generation computers had such an instruction to stop the computer , the instruction sometimes containing a store address at which execution was to be resumed upon suitable manual intervention .
most first and second generation computers had such an instruction to stop the computer , the instruction sometimes [having] a store address at which execution was to be resumed upon suitable manual intervention .

The control Store , containing up to a few thousand words , is set up initially with bit patterns representing the microprograms for the instruction set to be implemented .
the control store , [having] up to a few thousand words , is set up initially with bit patterns representing the microprograms for the instruction set to be implemented .

As we have argued elsewhere ( Wells and Robinson , 1982 ) , however , this should not be taken as evidence against the facilitating effect of an input containing clear , well-formed examples of the target language at an appropriate level of complexity .
as we have argued elsewhere ( wells and robinson , 1982 ) , however , this should not be taken as evidence against the facilitating effect of an input [having] clear , well-formed examples of the target language at an appropriate level of complexity .

What Gordon found was that the passages rewritten by the class containing the most poor readers were the ones which were subsequently found to be the most comprehensible .
what gordon found was that the passages rewritten by the class [having] the most poor readers were the ones which were subsequently found to be the most comprehensible .

There are eleven ____ in a team `` , or might produce a list of words containing one the child has n't tried .
there are eleven ____ in a team `` , or might produce a list of words [having] one the child has n't tried .

His real name is James , or Jim , but he does n't pronounce it too well , `` she continued , as the man deftly extracted the thick envelope containing one of the notes Katherine had written for Lee on the day of his departure .
his real name is james , or jim , but he does n't pronounce it too well , `` she continued , as the man deftly extracted the thick envelope [having] one of the notes katherine had written for lee on the day of his departure .

In fact , the set containing the one real number 0 .
in fact , the set [having] the one real number 0 .

Beneath it lies the main epicuticular layer , the so-called protein epicuticle , also containing bound lipid .
beneath it lies the main epicuticular layer , the so-called protein epicuticle , also [having] bound lipid .

These are polyene pigments usually containing 40 carbon atoms in the molecule ; they are readily soluble in fat-solvents and are characteristically synthesized by plants ( Lederer , 1938 ; Feltwell and Rothschild , 1974 ) .
these are polyene pigments usually [having] 40 carbon atoms in the molecule ; they are readily soluble in fat-solvents and are characteristically synthesized by plants ( lederer , 1938 ; feltwell and rothschild , 1974 ) .

These are polycyclic quinones which decompose immediately after the death of the insect containing them , giving rise to the erythroaphin reported from Aphis fabae , Eriosoma lanigerum and other aphids .
these are polycyclic quinones which decompose immediately after the death of the insect [having] them , giving rise to the erythroaphin reported from aphis fabae , eriosoma lanigerum and other aphids .

They differ from cuticular processes in containing a definite extension of the body cavity and in some cases they are freely movable .
they differ from cuticular processes in [having] a definite extension of the body cavity and in some cases they are freely movable .

Histologically they differ from skeletal muscle in having smaller fibres , linked by desmosomes and sometimes containing only one fibril .
histologically they differ from skeletal muscle in having smaller fibres , linked by desmosomes and sometimes [having] only one fibril .

Each mushroom body consists essentially of one or two dorsal cup-like calyces of neuropile containing masses of neurons , the so-called calyx cells or globuli cells .
each mushroom body consists essentially of one or two dorsal cup-like calyces of neuropile [having] masses of neurons , the so-called calyx cells or globuli cells .

Simple learning processes of this kind can occur in preparations containing only a single isolated ganglion ( Eisenstein , 1972 ) .
simple learning processes of this kind can occur in preparations [having] only a single isolated ganglion ( eisenstein , 1972 ) .

The results for each question were analysed in three attainment bands , each band containing one-third of the lower attaining pupils who took the test during their fourth year in secondary schools ( 1984–5 or 1985–6 ) .
the results for each question were analysed in three attainment bands , each band [having] one-third of the lower attaining pupils who took the test during their fourth year in secondary schools ( 1984–5 or 1985–6 ) .

The success rate for a question is the percentage of those pupils taking the test containing the question who obtain a correct answer .
the success rate for a question is the percentage of those pupils taking the test [having] the question who obtain a correct answer .

The drawings had contrasting features , including some irrelevant to the size of an angle , such as the length of containing line and the size of the arc indicating the angle .
the drawings had contrasting features , including some irrelevant to the size of an angle , such as the length of [having] line and the size of the arc indicating the angle .

It is evident from these results that if an irrelevant feature of an angle , such as the length of the containing lines and the actual size are correlated , then a large proportion of lower attainers could make a `` correct `` comparison for the wrong reasons .
it is evident from these results that if an irrelevant feature of an angle , such as the length of the [having] lines and the actual size are correlated , then a large proportion of lower attainers could make a `` correct `` comparison for the wrong reasons .

Compare the statement , containing two others , that he is grey-eyed and his shoes were made in Italy .
compare the statement , [having] two others , that he is grey-eyed and his shoes were made in italy .

The business ended , he began to show a discreet but kindly Interest ill our `` one up , one down `` home , recently rented for a pound a week ; this included , as part of the furnishings , a vase containing the ashes of the previous occupant .
the business ended , he began to show a discreet but kindly interest ill our `` one up , one down `` home , recently rented for a pound a week ; this included , as part of the furnishings , a vase [having] the ashes of the previous occupant .

This is a Bill certified by the Speaker as containing only provisions relating to the imposition , repeal or regulation of taxation , the imposition or variation of charges on the consolidated fund , etc .
this is a bill certified by the speaker as [having] only provisions relating to the imposition , repeal or regulation of taxation , the imposition or variation of charges on the consolidated fund , etc .

It is not concerned with the merits of the instruments but rather with whether the special attention of the House should be drawn to the legislation in that it : ( a ) imposes a tax or fee on the public or a charge on the public revenue ; ( b ) is made pursuant of an enactment containing specific provisions excluding it from challenge in the courts ; ( c ) purports to have retrospective effect when there is no express authority in the enabling statute ; ( d ) has been unduly delayed in publication or laying before Parliament ; ( e ) has come into operation before being laid before Parliament and there has been unjustifiable delay in informing the Speaker ; ( f ) is of doubtful vires or makes some unusual or unexpected use of the powers conferred by the enabling statute ; ( g ) calls for any special reason of form or content , for elucidation ; ( h ) is defective in its drafting .
it is not concerned with the merits of the instruments but rather with whether the special attention of the house should be drawn to the legislation in that it : ( a ) imposes a tax or fee on the public or a charge on the public revenue ; ( b ) is made pursuant of an enactment [having] specific provisions excluding it from challenge in the courts ; ( c ) purports to have retrospective effect when there is no express authority in the enabling statute ; ( d ) has been unduly delayed in publication or laying before parliament ; ( e ) has come into operation before being laid before parliament and there has been unjustifiable delay in informing the speaker ; ( f ) is of doubtful vires or makes some unusual or unexpected use of the powers conferred by the enabling statute ; ( g ) calls for any special reason of form or content , for elucidation ; ( h ) is defective in its drafting .

If successful the oviduct should swell and medium containing embryos should be discharged through the cut end of the uterus .
if successful the oviduct should swell and medium [having] embryos should be discharged through the cut end of the uterus .

( ii ) Wash the coverslip off using a wash bottle containing de-ionized water .
( ii ) wash the coverslip off using a wash bottle [having] de-ionized water .

Expel a few drops of 3:1 fixative ( methanol : glacial acetic acid ) from another fine pipette whose tip is brought just over the microdrop containing the egg .
expel a few drops of 3:1 fixative ( methanol : glacial acetic acid ) from another fine pipette whose tip is brought just over the microdrop [having] the egg .

Place them in a watch glass containing Hank 's solution and collect the eggs from large follicles by pricking with a sharp needle .
place them in a watch glass [having] hank 's solution and collect the eggs from large follicles by pricking with a sharp needle .

Up to this stage , the dish or watch glass containing the eggs must be replaced for each change of solution .
up to this stage , the dish or watch glass [having] the eggs must be replaced for each change of solution .

( iii ) Pipette two drops of the colloidal developer and four drops of the aqueous silver nitrate onto the surface of the microscope slide containing spread cells .
( iii ) pipette two drops of the colloidal developer and four drops of the aqueous silver nitrate onto the surface of the microscope slide [having] spread cells .

Injection of the mother with a mitotic arrestant many hours before embryo recovery will increase the proportion containing mitotic divisions but long exposure also leads to excessive chromosome contraction which makes analysis difficult .
injection of the mother with a mitotic arrestant many hours before embryo recovery will increase the proportion [having] mitotic divisions but long exposure also leads to excessive chromosome contraction which makes analysis difficult .

He wishes to support a television advertising launch with a selective direct mail campaign containing an introductory product offer .
he wishes to support a television advertising launch with a selective direct mail campaign [having] an introductory product offer .

Better Shoe Ltd was operating a scheme with a well-known promotion company where the mother , in hospital after delivery , has a bag containing samples and a catalogue of baby products given to her .
better shoe ltd was operating a scheme with a well-known promotion company where the mother , in hospital after delivery , has a bag [having] samples and a catalogue of baby products given to her .

One of the tasks always mentioned first in any discussion of the question is the carrying of formes containing set-up type ( they were indeed very heavy and it did no one 's back any good to carry them ) .
one of the tasks always mentioned first in any discussion of the question is the carrying of formes [having] set-up type ( they were indeed very heavy and it did no one 's back any good to carry them ) .

As daughters earning good wages , they tended in their later years to become the sole breadwinners in households containing elderly mothers and , in a surprisingly large number of cases , handicapped or ailing sisters .
as daughters earning good wages , they tended in their later years to become the sole breadwinners in households [having] elderly mothers and , in a surprisingly large number of cases , handicapped or ailing sisters .

This will usually include oxygen , tubing and masks ; suction , catheters and gloves and a post-anaesthetic tray containing tongue forceps and an airway .
this will usually include oxygen , tubing and masks ; suction , catheters and gloves and a post-anaesthetic tray [having] tongue forceps and an airway .

In some units a liquid , low residue diet , containing all the essential nutrients can be supplied .
in some units a liquid , low residue diet , [having] all the essential nutrients can be supplied .

Aromatherapy Kit by Cristina Of London containing five essential oils , two carrier oils , two mixer bottles and a comprehensive instruction book , £16.99 , from Littlewoods Home Shopping Catalogue
aromatherapy kit by cristina of london [having] five essential oils , two carrier oils , two mixer bottles and a comprehensive instruction book , £16.99 , from littlewoods home shopping catalogue

An unusual fruit compote containing rambutans and lychees
an unusual fruit compote [having] rambutans and lychees

Designed by Lynda Gray , the stamps are available singly from all post offices or in a presentation pack ( containing all five stamps ) for £1.75 from main post offices and selected sub-post offices .
designed by lynda gray , the stamps are available singly from all post offices or in a presentation pack ( [having] all five stamps ) for £1.75 from main post offices and selected sub-post offices .

Hence this month The Kaplan Foundation publishes Gustav Mahler Adagietto : Facsimile , Documentation , Recording , containing the results of his year-long research into the background of the piece .
hence this month the kaplan foundation publishes gustav mahler adagietto : facsimile , documentation , recording , [having] the results of his year-long research into the background of the piece .

The result is a region that dwarfs all the others , containing about half the population of Scotland and bringing remote rural areas into association with the urban problems of Glasgow .
the result is a region that dwarfs all the others , [having] about half the population of scotland and bringing remote rural areas into association with the urban problems of glasgow .

Some aspects of the methods of containing local government expenditure introduced by the Conservative governments in the early 1980s have been left for the later chapter on intergovernmental relations .
some aspects of the methods of [having] local government expenditure introduced by the conservative governments in the early 1980s have been left for the later chapter on intergovernmental relations .

Having released two singles — ‘ June ’ — and ‘ Childhood Revisited ’ — in the late eighties on an independent label — Ashanti recorded a demo containing a song called ‘ Real World ’ , which was despatched to Polygram and , according to Boyd , ‘ within 20 minutes they were prepared to make us an offer which , at the time , was as good as we could get .
having released two singles — ‘ june ’ — and ‘ childhood revisited ’ — in the late eighties on an independent label — ashanti recorded a demo [having] a song called ‘ real world ’ , which was despatched to polygram and , according to boyd , ‘ within 20 minutes they were prepared to make us an offer which , at the time , was as good as we could get .

Government figures showed that in 1987 , 1.6 million people were supplied with water containing too-high traces of nitrates .
government figures showed that in 1987 , 1.6 million people were supplied with water [having] too-high traces of nitrates .

2 Footcare , travel kit containing powder , lotion , foot bath and pumice stone , £5.99 , Marks & Spencer
2 footcare , travel kit [having] powder , lotion , foot bath and pumice stone , £5.99 , marks & spencer

8 Snacpac cutlery set containing knife , fork , spoon , salt and pepper shakers , £3.99 each or £11.99 for pack of four , Lakeland Plastics
8 snacpac cutlery set [having] knife , fork , spoon , salt and pepper shakers , £3.99 each or £11.99 for pack of four , lakeland plastics

This involves two different types of the tiny , transportive liposome ; for the initial stage , an ‘ anti-fat ’ liposome containing caffeine works to break-up cellulitic lipidic clusters so that they may be disposed of more readily , while the trace element algo silicium assists in restructuring the fragile tissues .
this involves two different types of the tiny , transportive liposome ; for the initial stage , an ‘ anti-fat ’ liposome [having] caffeine works to break-up cellulitic lipidic clusters so that they may be disposed of more readily , while the trace element algo silicium assists in restructuring the fragile tissues .

The room is surprisingly tiny , about twenty foot by ten , and it is a wonderfully confusing muddle of busy people , lengths of floating tulle , camellias , row upon row of shoes , myriad hats , plastic bags containing finished ensembles , racks of Chanel jackets , drifts of white georgette and bottles of Evian water and champagne .
the room is surprisingly tiny , about twenty foot by ten , and it is a wonderfully confusing muddle of busy people , lengths of floating tulle , camellias , row upon row of shoes , myriad hats , plastic bags [having] finished ensembles , racks of chanel jackets , drifts of white georgette and bottles of evian water and champagne .

And in The Sea of Faith , Don Cupitt , Lecturer in Divinity and Dean of Emmanuel College , Cambridge , presented perhaps the most penetrating television study yet undertaken of Christianity today — a study containing statements far more contentious than those of the Bishop of Durham .
and in the sea of faith , don cupitt , lecturer in divinity and dean of emmanuel college , cambridge , presented perhaps the most penetrating television study yet undertaken of christianity today — a study [having] statements far more contentious than those of the bishop of durham .

The Christianity that coalesced and took shape in Constantine 's time was in fact a hybrid , containing significant skeins of thought derived from Mithraism and from the sun cult .
the christianity that coalesced and took shape in constantine 's time was in fact a hybrid , [having] significant skeins of thought derived from mithraism and from the sun cult .

There are even travel journals , containing descriptions of the Pyramids , for example , and precise instructions on how to make one 's way to the Holy Land .
there are even travel journals , [having] descriptions of the pyramids , for example , and precise instructions on how to make one 's way to the holy land .

First , in the case of agencies which have no central recording systems containing details of their drug-using clients — GPs , social services , and the probation service — a postal questionnaire survey of all professionals operating in the Wirral branches of these services was conducted .
first , in the case of agencies which have no central recording systems [having] details of their drug-using clients — gps , social services , and the probation service — a postal questionnaire survey of all professionals operating in the wirral branches of these services was conducted .

’ One possible answer , which might be given where the relevant legal system remains close to the classical approach of the civil law tradition , would be along these lines : ‘ The court , having reviewed the written minutes containing the evidence as to the facts of the case , hears submissions on behalf of the parties as to the conclusions to be drawn in the light of the applicable law .
’ one possible answer , which might be given where the relevant legal system remains close to the classical approach of the civil law tradition , would be along these lines : ‘ the court , having reviewed the written minutes [having] the evidence as to the facts of the case , hears submissions on behalf of the parties as to the conclusions to be drawn in the light of the applicable law .

An interesting old building containing the Camera Obscura which provides tourists with fascinating instantaneous moving pictures of the city .
an interesting old building [having] the camera obscura which provides tourists with fascinating instantaneous moving pictures of the city .

Nothing could be less conclusive than this sensational ending to a turgid and inflated romance , nor does Rider Haggard 's elaborate initial paraphernalia of the letter and package coming to the author from Holly after the old man 's death convince one any more successfully of the ‘ tragedy ’ of the lovers than does the equally elaborate account of the ‘ letter and two packets ’ containing Leo Vincey 's family history and Holly 's account of the events of She which , we are asked to believe , reached the author a few years after he had first seen Holly and the golden-haired hero Leo Vincey in a Cambridge street .
nothing could be less conclusive than this sensational ending to a turgid and inflated romance , nor does rider haggard 's elaborate initial paraphernalia of the letter and package coming to the author from holly after the old man 's death convince one any more successfully of the ‘ tragedy ’ of the lovers than does the equally elaborate account of the ‘ letter and two packets ’ [having] leo vincey 's family history and holly 's account of the events of she which , we are asked to believe , reached the author a few years after he had first seen holly and the golden-haired hero leo vincey in a cambridge street .

On one occasion , for example , a member of the delinquent fringe had arrived on a special coach with a cardboard box containing two gross of packets of Maltesers .
on one occasion , for example , a member of the delinquent fringe had arrived on a special coach with a cardboard box [having] two gross of packets of maltesers .

‘ It 's a badge containing a strip of masked photographic film worn by all personnel working within the plant itself .
‘ it 's a badge [having] a strip of masked photographic film worn by all personnel working within the plant itself .

She parked the hired Audi Coupe in front of the wire fence then reached into the back for the holdall containing the Geiger-Muller counter which she had managed to buy after numerous telephone calls to a succession of Lausanne retailers .
she parked the hired audi coupe in front of the wire fence then reached into the back for the holdall [having] the geiger-muller counter which she had managed to buy after numerous telephone calls to a succession of lausanne retailers .

Preoperative anxiety assessed before and after patients were randomly allocated an information sheet containing either simple or detailed descriptions of possible postoperative complications .
preoperative anxiety assessed before and after patients were randomly allocated an information sheet [having] either simple or detailed descriptions of possible postoperative complications .

Containing costs
[having] costs

Governments , which are purchasers , are faced with the dilemma of safeguarding the benefits while containing the price of drugs .
governments , which are purchasers , are faced with the dilemma of safeguarding the benefits while [having] the price of drugs .

But there does not seem to be any useful way of developing this idea by seeing people as containing equal quantities of any special substance , or equal degrees of any property .
but there does not seem to be any useful way of developing this idea by seeing people as [having] equal quantities of any special substance , or equal degrees of any property .

Wall lights come in a wide range of types and styles , from simple brackets holding a single bulb , to more decorative fittings containing two or three bulbs , and perhaps carrying individual lamp-shades .
wall lights come in a wide range of types and styles , from simple brackets holding a single bulb , to more decorative fittings [having] two or three bulbs , and perhaps carrying individual lamp-shades .

The material comes in sacks , generally containing 25kg ( 55lb ) , which will cover an area of 1sq m ( 11sq ′ ) in a layer of 20mm thick before rolling ( 15mm thick afterwards ) .
the material comes in sacks , generally [having] 25kg ( 55lb ) , which will cover an area of 1sq m ( 11sq ′ ) in a layer of 20mm thick before rolling ( 15mm thick afterwards ) .

‘ Provision would be made for over sixteen million phantom children in the families containing less than three children , while those in excess of that number , over 1¼ million in all in families containing more than three children would still remain unprovided for .
‘ provision would be made for over sixteen million phantom children in the families [having] less than three children , while those in excess of that number , over 1¼ million in all in families [having] more than three children would still remain unprovided for .

Fathers pushing wheelchairs containing smart , vacant-eyed teenagers .
fathers pushing wheelchairs [having] smart , vacant-eyed teenagers .

In particular , parts of the St Austell Granite form a large , but low-grade , lithium resource containing micas with up to 2.5 per cent of lithium metal ( Hawkes and others , 1987 ) .
in particular , parts of the st austell granite form a large , but low-grade , lithium resource [having] micas with up to 2.5 per cent of lithium metal ( hawkes and others , 1987 ) .

More than 400 tonnes of silver has been produced in the Northern Pennine Orefield from argentiferous galena containing 150 g/t Ag ( Dunham , 1948 ) .
more than 400 tonnes of silver has been produced in the northern pennine orefield from argentiferous galena [having] 150 g/t ag ( dunham , 1948 ) .

sometimes a metalpoint would have a point at either end of the stylus , for sake of balance , or perhaps containing a different type of metalpoint .
sometimes a metalpoint would have a point at either end of the stylus , for sake of balance , or perhaps [having] a different type of metalpoint .

Clacton won at Coggeshall by five wickets , but the champions then tumbled to a nine wicket reverse at home to Braintree the following day — their fourth loss of the season and one more than the whole of last summer ! After containing the champions to 169 for eight , Alvin Greenidge scoring his second half century of the weekend , David Denny ( 68 not out ) and Paul Bushnell ( 71 not out ) steered the visitors home with an unbroken second wicket stand worth 126 .
clacton won at coggeshall by five wickets , but the champions then tumbled to a nine wicket reverse at home to braintree the following day — their fourth loss of the season and one more than the whole of last summer ! after [having] the champions to 169 for eight , alvin greenidge scoring his second half century of the weekend , david denny ( 68 not out ) and paul bushnell ( 71 not out ) steered the visitors home with an unbroken second wicket stand worth 126 .

Heavy use too was made of the newly-created folders containing photocopies of early regional maps of Scotland .
heavy use too was made of the newly-created folders [having] photocopies of early regional maps of scotland .

One of the first customers to receive a shipment containing the new ‘ extended reach ’ oil will be America after a 78,000 tonne cargo sailed for a New York refinery .
one of the first customers to receive a shipment [having] the new ‘ extended reach ’ oil will be america after a 78,000 tonne cargo sailed for a new york refinery .

They each received an introductory flightpack containing an audio cassette , log book , clipboard and information brochure plus a certificate to be completed after their successful takeoff and landing .
they each received an introductory flightpack [having] an audio cassette , log book , clipboard and information brochure plus a certificate to be completed after their successful takeoff and landing .

If an item requires to be replaced we should ensure that we are replacing on a like for like basis and not giving the insured a superior item containing advanced features and additional facilities .
if an item requires to be replaced we should ensure that we are replacing on a like for like basis and not giving the insured a superior item [having] advanced features and additional facilities .

One of the casualties punctured his skin with a syringe previously containing snake venom , which is often used in the treatment of arthritics .
one of the casualties punctured his skin with a syringe previously [having] snake venom , which is often used in the treatment of arthritics .

Included in the leaflet is guidance on where to seek advice if something is found , who to contact if you intend to develop an area containing archaeological sites and how to get involved in an excavation .
included in the leaflet is guidance on where to seek advice if something is found , who to contact if you intend to develop an area [having] archaeological sites and how to get involved in an excavation .

As well as containing detailed site descriptions and guides , this new addition to the series shows how individual monuments integrated with contemporary society .
as well as [having] detailed site descriptions and guides , this new addition to the series shows how individual monuments integrated with contemporary society .

Marine sediments give way to a dense peat containing tree stumps , branches and roots — especially birch and latterly alder .
marine sediments give way to a dense peat [having] tree stumps , branches and roots — especially birch and latterly alder .

Moving up the core the sediments change from a blue grey clay devoid of plant remains to a brown silt containing abundant plant fossils .
moving up the core the sediments change from a blue grey clay devoid of plant remains to a brown silt [having] abundant plant fossils .

Among other efforts , the hotel recycles paper , using proceeds to plant an orchard containing fast disappearing traditional varieties of apple , sends candles and soaps to charities operating in developing countries , recycles bottle and donates proceeds to charity , is researching ways of recycling kitchen waste , has minimised the environmental impact of its golf course , has bought energy-saving technology such as timer switches and has discovered that 70 per cent of its guests would be more likely to return as a result of its environmental practices .
among other efforts , the hotel recycles paper , using proceeds to plant an orchard [having] fast disappearing traditional varieties of apple , sends candles and soaps to charities operating in developing countries , recycles bottle and donates proceeds to charity , is researching ways of recycling kitchen waste , has minimised the environmental impact of its golf course , has bought energy-saving technology such as timer switches and has discovered that 70 per cent of its guests would be more likely to return as a result of its environmental practices .

Inside , encased in plastic holders were ten small ampoules , containing a variety of drugs that were all strictly controlled and monitored by the government .
inside , encased in plastic holders were ten small ampoules , [having] a variety of drugs that were all strictly controlled and monitored by the government .

Envelopes returned 124 containing £311.50 .
envelopes returned 124 [having] £311.50 .

101 envelopes have been returned containing the sum of £201.50 .
101 envelopes have been returned [having] the sum of £201.50 .

Then , when Uncle Guy arrived from Dublin he brought them a present , an enormous box of chocolates which was made like a chest or jewel box with trays that pulled out like small drawers , containing different foil-wrapped shapes .
then , when uncle guy arrived from dublin he brought them a present , an enormous box of chocolates which was made like a chest or jewel box with trays that pulled out like small drawers , [having] different foil-wrapped shapes .

Every possible flat space had a silver frame containing one of these photos .
every possible flat space had a silver frame [having] one of these photos .

She reached into her saddlebag and drew out a small cloth containing white clay which she had taken from Wynne-Jones 's lodge and which she had used in the making of Moondream .
she reached into her saddlebag and drew out a small cloth [having] white clay which she had taken from wynne-jones 's lodge and which she had used in the making of moondream .

He bounded over to the chest containing the strange white powder .
he bounded over to the chest [having] the strange white powder .

Underneath the neatly folded uniform was a webbing belt and holster containing a Smith & wesson .38 revolver , the type frequently issued to British officers .
underneath the neatly folded uniform was a webbing belt and holster [having] a smith & wesson .38 revolver , the type frequently issued to british officers .

At our new store in Solihull for , a meadow of great ecological importance , containing several species of rare Orchid was moved in 6 inch deep turves to a new location .
at our new store in solihull for , a meadow of great ecological importance , [having] several species of rare orchid was moved in 6 inch deep turves to a new location .

There are now 17 products containing Bitrex ranging from multi purpose cleaner to disinfectant .
there are now 17 products [having] bitrex ranging from multi purpose cleaner to disinfectant .

Two miles to the south is the King 's Buildings Science campus containing virtually all the departments of the Faculty of Science and Engineering , including Agriculture .
two miles to the south is the king 's buildings science campus [having] virtually all the departments of the faculty of science and engineering , including agriculture .

Both offices have Careers Libraries containing information about jobs , employers , vacancies and further study opportunities including funding arrangements .
both offices have careers libraries [having] information about jobs , employers , vacancies and further study opportunities including funding arrangements .

The academic disciplines within the Faculty can be divided into three general areas , i.e. Physical Sciences and Mathematics , containing the Departments of Astronomy , Chemistry , Geology & Geophysics , Mathematics and Statistics , Meteorology , and Physics ; Engineering and Information Technology , for the Departments of Artificial Intelligence , Chemical Engineering , Civil Engineering , Cognitive Science , Computer Science , Electrical Engineering , and Mechanical Engineering ; and Biological Sciences , which includes the Institutes of Ecology and Resource Management , of Cell Animal and Population Biology , and of Cell and Molecular Biology .
the academic disciplines within the faculty can be divided into three general areas , i.e. physical sciences and mathematics , [having] the departments of astronomy , chemistry , geology & geophysics , mathematics and statistics , meteorology , and physics ; engineering and information technology , for the departments of artificial intelligence , chemical engineering , civil engineering , cognitive science , computer science , electrical engineering , and mechanical engineering ; and biological sciences , which includes the institutes of ecology and resource management , of cell animal and population biology , and of cell and molecular biology .

The wall dissolved to reveal the chamber containing the juke-box sarcophagus .
the wall dissolved to reveal the chamber [having] the juke-box sarcophagus .

There was no doubting the eagerness of many colleges to respond to the challenge and the opportunity , and the Board — containing a number of lively young university people and interested employers — was torn between its anxiety to go ahead quickly and the need to ensure that it established what it called at its first meeting ‘ lasting standards ’ .
there was no doubting the eagerness of many colleges to respond to the challenge and the opportunity , and the board — [having] a number of lively young university people and interested employers — was torn between its anxiety to go ahead quickly and the need to ensure that it established what it called at its first meeting ‘ lasting standards ’ .

Indeed , we saw at the beginning that this was the principal reason for culture in the first place : it was a means of containing such anti-social antagonisms in what was , for a gelada-like hominid , a novel mode of subsistence which demanded considerable social cooperation , altruism and restraint .
indeed , we saw at the beginning that this was the principal reason for culture in the first place : it was a means of [having] such anti-social antagonisms in what was , for a gelada-like hominid , a novel mode of subsistence which demanded considerable social cooperation , altruism and restraint .

The School of Scottish Studies in the Faculty of Arts affords opportunities for work not only on Scottish music but in all fields of ethnomusicology ; there is a sound archive containing material from all over the world .
the school of scottish studies in the faculty of arts affords opportunities for work not only on scottish music but in all fields of ethnomusicology ; there is a sound archive [having] material from all over the world .

They crossed the strip of wasteland underneath the motorway link that came tunnelling and bridging its way through the hilly landscape , and entered a zone of fenced-off lots containing warehouses and sales-rooms , light industrial units and the offices of small businesses .
they crossed the strip of wasteland underneath the motorway link that came tunnelling and bridging its way through the hilly landscape , and entered a zone of fenced-off lots [having] warehouses and sales-rooms , light industrial units and the offices of small businesses .

The leads from the stop-watch would go to a box containing a small battery which in its turn would be connected to a flash bulb at the base of the bomb .
the leads from the stop-watch would go to a box [having] a small battery which in its turn would be connected to a flash bulb at the base of the bomb .

When all who direct , manage , control , teach , undertake research , plan and administer are ‘ bureaucrats ’ in the sense of being state functionaries , it is difficult to identify the class element in what is a large and heterogeneous stratum containing different and conflicting interests , such as those between the party and the scientific and technical intelligentsia , or the higher levels of state administration and the management of economic institutions .
when all who direct , manage , control , teach , undertake research , plan and administer are ‘ bureaucrats ’ in the sense of being state functionaries , it is difficult to identify the class element in what is a large and heterogeneous stratum [having] different and conflicting interests , such as those between the party and the scientific and technical intelligentsia , or the higher levels of state administration and the management of economic institutions .

After removal , mucosal biopsy specimens were placed in ice cold pregassed Krebs-Henseleit buffer containing 11 mM glucose , and transported within 10 minutes to the laboratory .
after removal , mucosal biopsy specimens were placed in ice cold pregassed krebs-henseleit buffer [having] 11 mm glucose , and transported within 10 minutes to the laboratory .

Although the serum antigliadin antibody-IgA value was more closely related to the study phase , a negative result could still be found in coeliac disease patients challenged with 500 mg/day of gliadin , a dose corresponding to a ‘ visible ’ amount of daily gluten containing food ( approximately 12.5 g of wheat flour ) .
although the serum antigliadin antibody-iga value was more closely related to the study phase , a negative result could still be found in coeliac disease patients challenged with 500 mg/day of gliadin , a dose corresponding to a ‘ visible ’ amount of daily gluten [having] food ( approximately 12.5 g of wheat flour ) .

Patient diaries — Every patient was given a diary containing a page of 10 cm visual analogue scales for baseline and each of the next 24 weeks .
patient diaries — every patient was given a diary [having] a page of 10 cm visual analogue scales for baseline and each of the next 24 weeks .

HEp-2 cells were transferred to tissue culture treated microplates with 15mm wells , each containing a sterile 13mm glass coverslip .
hep-2 cells were transferred to tissue culture treated microplates with 15mm wells , each [having] a sterile 13mm glass coverslip .

However , a recent report using similar methodology , failed to show coeliac activity of a peptide containing the amino acid sequence 211–217 of A-gliadin .
however , a recent report using similar methodology , failed to show coeliac activity of a peptide [having] the amino acid sequence 211–217 of a-gliadin .

After fasting for four hours , at midday on the first day , the patients received three sachets each containing 3.6 g psyllium or three sachets of placebo dissolved in 100 ml water .
after fasting for four hours , at midday on the first day , the patients received three sachets each [having] 3.6 g psyllium or three sachets of placebo dissolved in 100 ml water .

Serum containing polyclonal rabbit anti-human leukocyte lactoferrin was the kind gift of Dr Johan Richter , Department of Internal Medicine , University Hospital , Lund , Sweden .
serum [having] polyclonal rabbit anti-human leukocyte lactoferrin was the kind gift of dr johan richter , department of internal medicine , university hospital , lund , sweden .

There was no obvious correlation between disease activity or extraintestinal disease ( arthritis , arthralgia , skin involvement ) and the presence of IgG or IgA anti-granulocyte antibodies , although as many as 5 of 7 Crohn 's disease patients with IgA anti-lactoferrin containing sera had extraintestinal complaints .
there was no obvious correlation between disease activity or extraintestinal disease ( arthritis , arthralgia , skin involvement ) and the presence of igg or iga anti-granulocyte antibodies , although as many as 5 of 7 crohn 's disease patients with iga anti-lactoferrin [having] sera had extraintestinal complaints .

All 20 patients were placed on a 2200 kcal diet containing 80 g/day of fat .
all 20 patients were placed on a 2200 kcal diet [having] 80 g/day of fat .

Vehicle , which was 50 % glycerol , 50 % 0.05 mol/l phosphate buffer containing 0.5 mol/l NaCl , was present at a dilution of 1:400 in both experimental and control flasks .
vehicle , which was 50 % glycerol , 50 % 0.05 mol/l phosphate buffer [having] 0.5 mol/l nacl , was present at a dilution of 1:400 in both experimental and control flasks .

Chemically defined ‘ elemental ’ diets containing nutrients in simple , easily assimilable form with nitrogen provided as free amino acids , carbohydrate as simple sugars or glucose polymers , and fat present in very small amounts , were initially used as nutritional support in patients with Crohn 's disease .
chemically defined ‘ elemental ’ diets [having] nutrients in simple , easily assimilable form with nitrogen provided as free amino acids , carbohydrate as simple sugars or glucose polymers , and fat present in very small amounts , were initially used as nutritional support in patients with crohn 's disease .

Polymeric diets containing whole protein are as effective as elemental diets in improving nutrition and are more palatable , but it is unclear whether isocaloric polymeric diets are as successful as elemental diets in inducing remission in acute Crohn 's disease .
polymeric diets [having] whole protein are as effective as elemental diets in improving nutrition and are more palatable , but it is unclear whether isocaloric polymeric diets are as successful as elemental diets in inducing remission in acute crohn 's disease .

Two adjacent strips containing mucosa from the corpus , antrum , and pylorus were then cut from the anterior and posterior aspects , resulting in four strips from each specimen .
two adjacent strips [having] mucosa from the corpus , antrum , and pylorus were then cut from the anterior and posterior aspects , resulting in four strips from each specimen .

According to data from animal perfusion systems , net sodium movement even in glucose containing solutions is linearly related to sodium concentration of the perfusate and this pertains equally in secreting intestine , although the threshold at which sodium absorption occurs is higher in the secretory state ( 120 mmol/l v 60 mmol/l ) .
according to data from animal perfusion systems , net sodium movement even in glucose [having] solutions is linearly related to sodium concentration of the perfusate and this pertains equally in secreting intestine , although the threshold at which sodium absorption occurs is higher in the secretory state ( 120 mmol/l v 60 mmol/l ) .

This linear relation has been confirmed with in vivo perfusion studies of human jejunum where net absorption of sodium from isotonic enteral feeds containing glucose polymer occurred only when the sodium concentration was above 80–90 mmol/l .
this linear relation has been confirmed with in vivo perfusion studies of human jejunum where net absorption of sodium from isotonic enteral feeds [having] glucose polymer occurred only when the sodium concentration was above 80–90 mmol/l .

It has been shown that oral administration of lipid mixtures containing surface-active phospholipids provides significant protection to the gastric mucosa against a variety of ulcerogenic agents , including acid .
it has been shown that oral administration of lipid mixtures [having] surface-active phospholipids provides significant protection to the gastric mucosa against a variety of ulcerogenic agents , including acid .

Infection via inhalation of aerosols containing bacteria is the main , though contested , mode of trasmission .
infection via inhalation of aerosols [having] bacteria is the main , though contested , mode of trasmission .

One possibility is that the infective hazard of aerosols containing legionellae depends on the survival and stability of the bacterium , which in turn depend on several factors related to the bacterium itself ( metabolic activity , effects of passage , and virulence of the strain ) and its relation with other micro-organisms , notably blue-green algae and amoebae .
one possibility is that the infective hazard of aerosols [having] legionellae depends on the survival and stability of the bacterium , which in turn depend on several factors related to the bacterium itself ( metabolic activity , effects of passage , and virulence of the strain ) and its relation with other micro-organisms , notably blue-green algae and amoebae .

’ and they say , ‘ Sure , one jiffy bag , containing one letter , just arrived .
’ and they say , ‘ sure , one jiffy bag , [having] one letter , just arrived .

Tubes of colour laid out tidily ; there were containers for oil and turps , and two jars containing brushes .
tubes of colour laid out tidily ; there were containers for oil and turps , and two jars [having] brushes .

Lewis grinned weakly , and felt in his pocket to make sure that the brown envelope containing a small red key , number 67 , was still there .
lewis grinned weakly , and felt in his pocket to make sure that the brown envelope [having] a small red key , number 67 , was still there .

‘ Once she had the key , and whilst her husband signed the formalities , she was to go up to her room , put the handbag containing the Tongue — and money , pearls , and so on — on a ledge as near as possible to a door which was going to be left deliberately ajar .
‘ once she had the key , and whilst her husband signed the formalities , she was to go up to her room , put the handbag [having] the tongue — and money , pearls , and so on — on a ledge as near as possible to a door which was going to be left deliberately ajar .

The Edwardian display cases containing apparatus whereby Boyle 's Law could be proven beyond all reasonable doubt , veritably twinkled .
the edwardian display cases [having] apparatus whereby boyle 's law could be proven beyond all reasonable doubt , veritably twinkled .

Large green canvas portmanteau containing personal effects of the late Victor Zenobia .
large green canvas portmanteau [having] personal effects of the late victor zenobia .

Containing his designs for the perpetual-motion helicopter .
[having] his designs for the perpetual-motion helicopter .

Large green canvas portmanteau containing the personal effects of the late Victor Zenobia .
large green canvas portmanteau [having] the personal effects of the late victor zenobia .

As a rule , though , experience has shown that in the case of modules containing program code , the description lines should be used to describe the purpose of the code and not as a substitute for good in-line comments .
as a rule , though , experience has shown that in the case of modules [having] program code , the description lines should be used to describe the purpose of the code and not as a substitute for good in-line comments .

the managers of the packages containing referenced modules .
the managers of the packages [having] referenced modules .

the managers of the packages containing referenced modules .
the managers of the packages [having] referenced modules .

If you are asked to assess a Design Change , it is because you are manager of one or more of the modules referenced , or manager of a package containing one or more of these modules .
if you are asked to assess a design change , it is because you are manager of one or more of the modules referenced , or manager of a package [having] one or more of these modules .

Help text is arranged in a series of levels from brief prompts displayed on the current page to , in some cases , subsequent levels containing several screens of information , guidance and explanation .
help text is arranged in a series of levels from brief prompts displayed on the current page to , in some cases , subsequent levels [having] several screens of information , guidance and explanation .

All volumes containing modules of the same charge code are given the same name , as specified by the user , but the serial number at the end of the volume name is incremented for each new volume that is opened .
all volumes [having] modules of the same charge code are given the same name , as specified by the user , but the serial number at the end of the volume name is incremented for each new volume that is opened .

Note that actual files containing skeleton package modules are not deleted ; these files will be highlighted by the validation procedure as files containing unknown modules .
note that actual files [having] skeleton package modules are not deleted ; these files will be highlighted by the validation procedure as files [having] unknown modules .

The package structure will have one package at its summit , the root package , containing sufficient sub-packages to reference all the required modules .
the package structure will have one package at its summit , the root package , [having] sufficient sub-packages to reference all the required modules .

This is useful for fields containing data such as passwords ( which are not echoed to the screen for security reasons ) where it is impossible to see if the field already contains characters .
this is useful for fields [having] data such as passwords ( which are not echoed to the screen for security reasons ) where it is impossible to see if the field already contains characters .

The scrolled area has an allowance for 100 entries containing details of each data item held in the cache partition associated with the current input field .
the scrolled area has an allowance for 100 entries [having] details of each data item held in the cache partition associated with the current input field .

The scrolled area has an allowance for 100 entries containing details of each field on the form currently being processed .
the scrolled area has an allowance for 100 entries [having] details of each field on the form currently being processed .

The option consists of two pages ; the first containing user details and privileges , and the second containing user roles .
the option consists of two pages ; the first [having] user details and privileges , and the second [having] user roles .

The option consists of two pages ; the first containing user details and privileges , and the second containing user roles .
the option consists of two pages ; the first [having] user details and privileges , and the second [having] user roles .

Data structure containing package ancestors is full
data structure [having] package ancestors is full

Data structure containing package and ancestors is empty
data structure [having] package and ancestors is empty

Data structure containing packages is full
data structure [having] packages is full

Once the sub package has been approved the ‘ containing ’ package ( i.e .
once the sub package has been approved the ‘ [having] ’ package ( i.e .

An example of an index page containing all of the standard options is given in the Design Change System index , figure 2.12 .
an example of an index page [having] all of the standard options is given in the design change system index , figure 2.12 .

the managers of the packages containing referenced modules .
the managers of the packages [having] referenced modules .

the managers of the packages containing referenced modules .
the managers of the packages [having] referenced modules .

Domesday Book shows that way back in the eleventh century Pocklington was the centre of a large royal manor containing a church and three water mills and that its inhabitants included fifteen burgesses .
domesday book shows that way back in the eleventh century pocklington was the centre of a large royal manor [having] a church and three water mills and that its inhabitants included fifteen burgesses .

Jewels worn in remembrance of dear ones lost , or exchanged between lovers as tokens , were extremely popular in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , although the ubiquitous lockets containing tresses of hair were perhaps the least subtle of these keepsakes. fit a time when the language of such things was far better understood than it is today , hearts and flowers , birds and beasts and a multitude of other symbols were incorporated into jewellery design to signify romantic love , to represent those sentiments and virtues which were the major preoccupation of the day .
jewels worn in remembrance of dear ones lost , or exchanged between lovers as tokens , were extremely popular in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , although the ubiquitous lockets [having] tresses of hair were perhaps the least subtle of these keepsakes. fit a time when the language of such things was far better understood than it is today , hearts and flowers , birds and beasts and a multitude of other symbols were incorporated into jewellery design to signify romantic love , to represent those sentiments and virtues which were the major preoccupation of the day .

Lysosomes are dark spherical vacuoles containing powerful enzymes .
lysosomes are dark spherical vacuoles [having] powerful enzymes .

Neuron — cell body containing the nucleus Fibres — Axon , dendron , dendrites — covered with fatty sheath , insulating layer
neuron — cell body [having] the nucleus fibres — axon , dendron , dendrites — covered with fatty sheath , insulating layer

Take the longest unbranched chain containing the double bonds as the parent
take the longest unbranched chain [having] the double bonds as the parent

The molecules are puckered rings containing eight covalently bonded sulphur atoms ( see figure 3.34 ) .
the molecules are puckered rings [having] eight covalently bonded sulphur atoms ( see figure 3.34 ) .

An 88 800 kg batch of sodium carbonate solution containing 8480 kg of Na2CO3 is added to an agitated vessel called a causticiser .
an 88 800 kg batch of sodium carbonate solution [having] 8480 kg of na2co3 is added to an agitated vessel called a causticiser .

The mass of liquid burnt can be found by weighing the bottle containing the liquid before and after the experiment .
the mass of liquid burnt can be found by weighing the bottle [having] the liquid before and after the experiment .

lowering of vapour pressure elevation of boiling point depression of freezing point osmotic pressure All four of these properties apply to solutions containing non-volatile solutes .
lowering of vapour pressure elevation of boiling point depression of freezing point osmotic pressure all four of these properties apply to solutions [having] non-volatile solutes .

The extreme case occurs with a solution containing a non-volatile solute .
the extreme case occurs with a solution [having] a non-volatile solute .

An axon is enlarged at the tip and this presynaptic area contains vesicles made from the same material as the cell membrane , containing the neurotransmitters that are released in the synapse .
an axon is enlarged at the tip and this presynaptic area contains vesicles made from the same material as the cell membrane , [having] the neurotransmitters that are released in the synapse .

To mark the occasion , the company presented him with an engraved watch and from his colleagues and friends he was given a number generous gifts , including an envelope containing £100 from the Axminster Darners , a magnum of sherry , a shirt and a birthday cake .
to mark the occasion , the company presented him with an engraved watch and from his colleagues and friends he was given a number generous gifts , including an envelope [having] £100 from the axminster darners , a magnum of sherry , a shirt and a birthday cake .

On top come a further 250m tons of ’ hazardous ’ waste : anything ( whether solid , in the non-experts ' sense , or not ) containing substances that require special treatment .
on top come a further 250m tons of ’ hazardous ’ waste : anything ( whether solid , in the non-experts ' sense , or not ) [having] substances that require special treatment .

On his retirement , Sammy Cook ( right ) is bid farewell by Rod Turnbull , Joint Managing Director , who presented him with a leather wallet containing a check .
on his retirement , sammy cook ( right ) is bid farewell by rod turnbull , joint managing director , who presented him with a leather wallet [having] a check .

By the fusion of protoplasts from the wild strain containing genetic resistance to the virus , with those from the domestic variety , a new resistance commercial strain has been bred .
by the fusion of protoplasts from the wild strain [having] genetic resistance to the virus , with those from the domestic variety , a new resistance commercial strain has been bred .

It was disclosed during June that mass graves containing more remains of about 15,000 Polish Army officers massacred by their Soviet captors in 1940 had been located near Kharkov in the east Ukraine and at Mednoye near Kalinin in western Russia .
it was disclosed during june that mass graves [having] more remains of about 15,000 polish army officers massacred by their soviet captors in 1940 had been located near kharkov in the east ukraine and at mednoye near kalinin in western russia .

Reports emerged in June 1989 of two more mass graves in the south-eastern province of Siirt containing the bodies of 100 Kurdish villagers [ see also p. 36565 ] .
reports emerged in june 1989 of two more mass graves in the south-eastern province of siirt [having] the bodies of 100 kurdish villagers [ see also p. 36565 ] .

Theologically conservative bishops were appointed to each of the four resulting new dioceses , which removed the peripheral slum areas of the city , containing the poorest inhabitants , from the direct influence of Cardinal Paulo Evaristo Arns , the Archbishop of Sao Paolo .
theologically conservative bishops were appointed to each of the four resulting new dioceses , which removed the peripheral slum areas of the city , [having] the poorest inhabitants , from the direct influence of cardinal paulo evaristo arns , the archbishop of sao paolo .

The budget was seen as likely to have a harsh impact on the population but was generally regarded by aid donors as disappointing , containing no new measures to encourage investment or on restructuring of the produce-marketing boards .
the budget was seen as likely to have a harsh impact on the population but was generally regarded by aid donors as disappointing , [having] no new measures to encourage investment or on restructuring of the produce-marketing boards .

According to commentators the composition of the new party leadership made it more generally sympathetic to Gorbachev 's policies than ever before , despite containing the prominent conservatives Boris Gidaspov ( the Leningrad party first secretary ) and Trade Union Central Council chair Gennady Yaneyev , and several leading conservatives among the republican party leaders .
according to commentators the composition of the new party leadership made it more generally sympathetic to gorbachev 's policies than ever before , despite [having] the prominent conservatives boris gidaspov ( the leningrad party first secretary ) and trade union central council chair gennady yaneyev , and several leading conservatives among the republican party leaders .

Memorial services on Aug. 20 and 22 , and Muge 's funeral on Aug. 22 , attracted crowds of thousands who cheered remarks containing criticism of the government .
memorial services on aug. 20 and 22 , and muge 's funeral on aug. 22 , attracted crowds of thousands who cheered remarks [having] criticism of the government .

These attacks , the most serious since President Alberto Keinya Fujimori took office on July 28 , included an explosion when a car containing a bomb was rammed into the presidential palace , causing extensive damage but no casualties .
these attacks , the most serious since president alberto keinya fujimori took office on july 28 , included an explosion when a car [having] a bomb was rammed into the presidential palace , causing extensive damage but no casualties .

The South African security forces provided `` co-operative assistance `` with the homeland forces in containing the demonstrations , but did not deploy troops .
the south african security forces provided `` co-operative assistance `` with the homeland forces in [having] the demonstrations , but did not deploy troops .

Apparently mindful of events in Dushanbe , the Kirghiz Supreme Soviet Presidium on Feb. 22 issued a decree prescribing legal penalties for making written or verbal statements containing `` a threat to public order or calls for pogroms `` .
apparently mindful of events in dushanbe , the kirghiz supreme soviet presidium on feb. 22 issued a decree prescribing legal penalties for making written or verbal statements [having] `` a threat to public order or calls for pogroms `` .

On regional affairs , the summit agreed that the prospect of Israel settling emigré Soviet Jews in the occupied territories was `` an extremely serious development … containing the seeds of a new expansionist aggression `` .
on regional affairs , the summit agreed that the prospect of israel settling emigré soviet jews in the occupied territories was `` an extremely serious development … [having] the seeds of a new expansionist aggression `` .

The South Korean government rejected the proposal as containing nothing new , and was unwilling to agree to the participation of opposition parties or to allow the conference invitations to be delivered directly to Seoul .
the south korean government rejected the proposal as [having] nothing new , and was unwilling to agree to the participation of opposition parties or to allow the conference invitations to be delivered directly to seoul .

An attempt by a Danish shipping company to export a 430-tonne consignment of Italian and Belgian zinc oxide industrial waste to the Brazilian port of Santos in July 1989 failed when the cargo ship containing the waste was refused permission to dock .
an attempt by a danish shipping company to export a 430-tonne consignment of italian and belgian zinc oxide industrial waste to the brazilian port of santos in july 1989 failed when the cargo ship [having] the waste was refused permission to dock .

The first definition is also unsatisfactory despite its broader nature and the way in which it might be regarded as potentially containing the second definition .
the first definition is also unsatisfactory despite its broader nature and the way in which it might be regarded as potentially [having] the second definition .

What major world religions hold in common Figure 8.1 , using the shape of a circle containing equal segments , gives an example of what religions have in common : they all teach very high ethical standards and ideals which are seen as intimately related to the metaphysical reality behind the world — a reality which in most religions is called `` God `` .
what major world religions hold in common figure 8.1 , using the shape of a circle [having] equal segments , gives an example of what religions have in common : they all teach very high ethical standards and ideals which are seen as intimately related to the metaphysical reality behind the world — a reality which in most religions is called `` god `` .

During it they were forced to throw into the sea both the ambassador 's carriages , containing more than 40,000 livres worth of his clothes , while twenty-nine of his horses died of thirst .
during it they were forced to throw into the sea both the ambassador 's carriages , [having] more than 40,000 livres worth of his clothes , while twenty-nine of his horses died of thirst .

‘ … any advertisement inviting persons to enter or offer to enter into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment or containing information calculated to lead directly or indirectly to persons doing so ’ .
‘ … any advertisement inviting persons to enter or offer to enter into an investment agreement or to exercise any rights conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment or [having] information calculated to lead directly or indirectly to persons doing so ’ .

The Information memorandum ( or ‘ corporate profile ’ ) is a document containing confidential information about the business to be sold .
the information memorandum ( or ‘ corporate profile ’ ) is a document [having] confidential information about the business to be sold .

We will usually aim to ensure that any document containing financial and other information issued by the firm as agent to a small group of potential investors , which the firm will generally need to approve as an authorised person under the Financial Services Act , does not fall foul of the prospectus provisions of the companies Act 1985 .
we will usually aim to ensure that any document [having] financial and other information issued by the firm as agent to a small group of potential investors , which the firm will generally need to approve as an authorised person under the financial services act , does not fall foul of the prospectus provisions of the companies act 1985 .

1101.2 Specimen letter containing terms of engagement
1101.2 specimen letter [having] terms of engagement

We have prepared a package containing copies of all the agreements in respect of the licensed 48 , 64 and 96 sheet panels .
we have prepared a package [having] copies of all the agreements in respect of the licensed 48 , 64 and 96 sheet panels .

The men were now standing in the long attic corridor containing the sleeping quarters Grant had visited on his recce of the house .
the men were now standing in the long attic corridor [having] the sleeping quarters grant had visited on his recce of the house .

The research project aims to construct and then analyse a simple database containing the biographical and career details of several thousand policemen who served between 1840 and 1940 .
the research project aims to construct and then analyse a simple database [having] the biographical and career details of several thousand policemen who served between 1840 and 1940 .

Present economic theory in fact says very little about how a market containing such imperfections would operate .
present economic theory in fact says very little about how a market [having] such imperfections would operate .

Twelve families , each containing two young people aged 16 and 19 , will be selected according to father 's occupation and the elder child 's age of leaving full-time education and his or her qualifications .
twelve families , each [having] two young people aged 16 and 19 , will be selected according to father 's occupation and the elder child 's age of leaving full-time education and his or her qualifications .

the problem of predicting the varying interpretations of sentences containing more than one quantified expression from the linear sequence of the sentence-string ( called ‘ scope ambiguities ’ ) ,
the problem of predicting the varying interpretations of sentences [having] more than one quantified expression from the linear sequence of the sentence-string ( called ‘ scope ambiguities ’ ) ,

She said one of the bottles , containing cedarwood oil , used in aromatherapy , ‘ had only a warning to keep away from children , in very small letters ’ .
she said one of the bottles , [having] cedarwood oil , used in aromatherapy , ‘ had only a warning to keep away from children , in very small letters ’ .

Sunday Life has learned his filofax , containing sensitive work contact numbers , was tucked away in the glove compartment .
sunday life has learned his filofax , [having] sensitive work contact numbers , was tucked away in the glove compartment .

Forensic expert Gordon McMillen revealed that fireworks , shotgun cartridge parts and a small copper pipe containing a flash bulb were found in a locked desk in a bedroom at the Broughshane Road house .
forensic expert gordon mcmillen revealed that fireworks , shotgun cartridge parts and a small copper pipe [having] a flash bulb were found in a locked desk in a bedroom at the broughshane road house .

The school is a totally independent building with three floors containing sixteen classrooms , resources room , video room and bar .
the school is a totally independent building with three floors [having] sixteen classrooms , resources room , video room and bar .

It has 4 classrooms , a large student room and it is equipped with a self-access centre containing video machines , computers and a mini-language laboratory .
it has 4 classrooms , a large student room and it is equipped with a self-access centre [having] video machines , computers and a mini-language laboratory .

Dublin-based student Tamako Handa ( 22 ) , left her handbag , containing a camera , credit cards and money , on a bus during a sight-seeing trip to Derry at the weekend .
dublin-based student tamako handa ( 22 ) , left her handbag , [having] a camera , credit cards and money , on a bus during a sight-seeing trip to derry at the weekend .

This hardbacked little gem , beautifully illustrated and containing a mine of relevant information is a must for anyone doing the sales , auctions and fairs this summer and in the months beyond .
this hardbacked little gem , beautifully illustrated and [having] a mine of relevant information is a must for anyone doing the sales , auctions and fairs this summer and in the months beyond .

Now available in paperback ( Sidgwick and Jackson , £14.99 ) it is a well-illustrated volume containing a lot of previously unpublished material , mostly extracts from diaries , letters and taped interviews .
now available in paperback ( sidgwick and jackson , £14.99 ) it is a well-illustrated volume [having] a lot of previously unpublished material , mostly extracts from diaries , letters and taped interviews .

And when security forces were called in they found a booby trap device containing one 1lb of Semtex explosives under the car .
and when security forces were called in they found a booby trap device [having] one 1lb of semtex explosives under the car .

The raiders drove into the mainline station yesterday at about 7pm in a blue van after the train containing mailbags had pulled in .
the raiders drove into the mainline station yesterday at about 7pm in a blue van after the train [having] mailbags had pulled in .

Reception staff should have access to a database containing information on Garden events , basic Garden information , and staff skills and specialisms .
reception staff should have access to a database [having] information on garden events , basic garden information , and staff skills and specialisms .

Noticeboards , containing maps and current information on exhibitions and events .
noticeboards , [having] maps and current information on exhibitions and events .

The distribution shows a scattering pattern consistent with Bradford 's Law of Scattering , with 50 % of the total papers being published in 5 journals , the next 5 journals containing 25 % .
the distribution shows a scattering pattern consistent with bradford 's law of scattering , with 50 % of the total papers being published in 5 journals , the next 5 journals [having] 25 % .

Yet one , possibly two , bits of evidence do remain to be explained : a on a written in early Shawwal 770/May 1369 containing the signature of Mehmed b .
yet one , possibly two , bits of evidence do remain to be explained : a on a written in early shawwal 770/may 1369 [having] the signature of mehmed b .

Nevertheless , cattle are enemies of grass in that it is still true that an individual grass plant would be better off not being eaten by a cow than being eaten , and any mutant plant that possessed , say , a chemical weapon that protected it against cows , would set more seed ( containing genetic instructions for making the chemical weapon ) than rival members of its own species that were more palatable to cows .
nevertheless , cattle are enemies of grass in that it is still true that an individual grass plant would be better off not being eaten by a cow than being eaten , and any mutant plant that possessed , say , a chemical weapon that protected it against cows , would set more seed ( [having] genetic instructions for making the chemical weapon ) than rival members of its own species that were more palatable to cows .

However , this was soon extended by using spare areas on the payroll files for personnel information and maintaining wholly separate data files containing information on absence and leavers .
however , this was soon extended by using spare areas on the payroll files for personnel information and maintaining wholly separate data files [having] information on absence and leavers .

( ii ) To have for each employee a single computer record containing all personnel and payroll details held on a central database .
( ii ) to have for each employee a single computer record [having] all personnel and payroll details held on a central database .

The major principles of the system design were as follows : ( i ) Each employee would have a single record held on the database containing all current information and , for some items , historical data .
the major principles of the system design were as follows : ( i ) each employee would have a single record held on the database [having] all current information and , for some items , historical data .

We now know that our galaxy is only one of some hundred thousand million that can be seen using modern telescopes , each galaxy itself containing some hundred thousand million stars .
we now know that our galaxy is only one of some hundred thousand million that can be seen using modern telescopes , each galaxy itself [having] some hundred thousand million stars .

( In practice , however , the calculations required for systems containing more than a few electrons are so complicated that we can not do them . )
( in practice , however , the calculations required for systems [having] more than a few electrons are so complicated that we can not do them . )

However , one can increase one 's chances of detecting a decay by observing a large amount of matter containing a very large number of protons .
however , one can increase one 's chances of detecting a decay by observing a large amount of matter [having] a very large number of protons .

Similarly , suppose one starts with two boxes , one containing oxygen molecules and the other containing nitrogen molecules .
similarly , suppose one starts with two boxes , one [having] oxygen molecules and the other [having] nitrogen molecules .

Our own sun contains about 2 percent of these heavier elements because it is a second — or third-generation star , formed some five thousand million years ago out of a cloud of rotating gas containing the debris of earlier supernovas .
our own sun contains about 2 percent of these heavier elements because it is a second — or third-generation star , formed some five thousand million years ago out of a cloud of rotating gas [having] the debris of earlier supernovas .

She would even be glad — thought Linnet — for her husband 's sake and for his children , a woman 's love containing , after all , so strong an element of self-sacrifice .
she would even be glad — thought linnet — for her husband 's sake and for his children , a woman 's love [having] , after all , so strong an element of self-sacrifice .

Somehow containing her fury , she flashed him a smile that would have made a lesser man shrivel .
somehow [having] her fury , she flashed him a smile that would have made a lesser man shrivel .

Heart pounding , Polly stumbled one-handed down the companionway and dumped mugs , flask , and the plate containing the last few sandwiches in the nearer sink .
heart pounding , polly stumbled one-handed down the companionway and dumped mugs , flask , and the plate [having] the last few sandwiches in the nearer sink .

They went with the notebooks and perspex box containing drawing instruments and a slide rule sitting in the open top of the bedside locker .
they went with the notebooks and perspex box [having] drawing instruments and a slide rule sitting in the open top of the bedside locker .

‘ So tell me now , ’ he suggested , smiling briefly at the owner , who had returned with a steaming dish of tiny new potatoes sprinkled with chopped mint , and a shallow wooden bowl containing a salad of crisp endive , sliced cucumber , radicchio , olives , and chopped tomatoes .
‘ so tell me now , ’ he suggested , smiling briefly at the owner , who had returned with a steaming dish of tiny new potatoes sprinkled with chopped mint , and a shallow wooden bowl [having] a salad of crisp endive , sliced cucumber , radicchio , olives , and chopped tomatoes .

At Ashton and Holditch , the buildings lay in simple yards containing ovens and wells , while at Middlewich , the land behind the frontages was used for related industrial activities .
at ashton and holditch , the buildings lay in simple yards [having] ovens and wells , while at middlewich , the land behind the frontages was used for related industrial activities .

This group must have exerted a considerable attraction , enough to account for the growth of a small community containing shops , a bakery and blacksmiths .
this group must have exerted a considerable attraction , enough to account for the growth of a small community [having] shops , a bakery and blacksmiths .

Another exists at Frilford , with a walled precinct containing at least one temple and now supplemented by the recently-discovered amphitheatre .
another exists at frilford , with a walled precinct [having] at least one temple and now supplemented by the recently-discovered amphitheatre .

An open-fronted building at Holditch , containing cooking vessels , a large quern and an oven might have provided a similar service , while the evidence for a counter in the vicus at Greta Bridge points to another obvious gap in the evidence .
an open-fronted building at holditch , [having] cooking vessels , a large quern and an oven might have provided a similar service , while the evidence for a counter in the vicus at greta bridge points to another obvious gap in the evidence .

The front row clearly housed small-scale industrial activities , indicated by metal-working debris and a glass-working hearth , while the rear plots were evidently agricultural , one at least being used for growing spelt , and a second probably containing a timber barn .
the front row clearly housed small-scale industrial activities , indicated by metal-working debris and a glass-working hearth , while the rear plots were evidently agricultural , one at least being used for growing spelt , and a second probably [having] a timber barn .

In the 1912–13 sections , the early road clearly overlay a burnt horizon containing Flavian and Antonine material , while the more informative 1924–5 sections demonstrated that the southern drain overlay Antonine pottery at one point .
in the 1912–13 sections , the early road clearly overlay a burnt horizon [having] flavian and antonine material , while the more informative 1924–5 sections demonstrated that the southern drain overlay antonine pottery at one point .

They probably resemble the fourth-century example excavated alongside the droveway in Normangate Field , with rough stone footings enclosing four burials , one containing a pair of gold earrings , a silver brooch and bronze bracelets .
they probably resemble the fourth-century example excavated alongside the droveway in normangate field , with rough stone footings enclosing four burials , one [having] a pair of gold earrings , a silver brooch and bronze bracelets .

We have argued throughout that cutting eligibility is the worst possible way of containing the cost of legal aid , and we are pleased that the Home Affairs Committee has recognised the importance of maintaining eligibility for legal aid in order to ensure that citizens have access to advice and assistance at a price they can afford .
we have argued throughout that cutting eligibility is the worst possible way of [having] the cost of legal aid , and we are pleased that the home affairs committee has recognised the importance of maintaining eligibility for legal aid in order to ensure that citizens have access to advice and assistance at a price they can afford .

We will be urging him to withdraw the eligibility cuts , and to work with the legal profession , and the consumer organisations — to find less damaging ways of containing legal aid expenditure .
we will be urging him to withdraw the eligibility cuts , and to work with the legal profession , and the consumer organisations — to find less damaging ways of [having] legal aid expenditure .

Establishment of an Independent Review Body containing both lay and lawyer members — this popular recommendation is long overdue and should lead to a more independent and searching investigation of alleged miscarriages of justice .
establishment of an independent review body [having] both lay and lawyer members — this popular recommendation is long overdue and should lead to a more independent and searching investigation of alleged miscarriages of justice .

Government Division will therefore be primarily a procurement organisation eventually containing :
government division will therefore be primarily a procurement organisation eventually [having] :

‘ The manufacture and especially the disposal of primary batteries containing mercury , and rechargeable batteries containing cadmium , have a major impact on the environment .
‘ the manufacture and especially the disposal of primary batteries [having] mercury , and rechargeable batteries [having] cadmium , have a major impact on the environment .

Merrill bit her lip , fingering the envelope in her handbag containing the last of Elise 's unpaid bills — for an elm chest , a beautiful piece of furniture bearing Woodline Design 's distinctive label .
merrill bit her lip , fingering the envelope in her handbag [having] the last of elise 's unpaid bills — for an elm chest , a beautiful piece of furniture bearing woodline design 's distinctive label .

She opened her bag to take out the envelope containing Elise 's account and her own cheque .
she opened her bag to take out the envelope [having] elise 's account and her own cheque .

Merrill 's fingers closed over the bulkier envelope containing her curriculum vitae and references .
merrill 's fingers closed over the bulkier envelope [having] her curriculum vitae and references .

The disk contains a text file containing hints and tips on how to best use the things you find as you travel the worlds of Command Keen .
the disk contains a text file [having] hints and tips on how to best use the things you find as you travel the worlds of command keen .

The guitar teacher is a program containing hundreds of chord charts showing the finger positions required to form chords .
the guitar teacher is a program [having] hundreds of chord charts showing the finger positions required to form chords .

It comes with both 3.5″ and 5.25″ floppy disks containing the installation and retrieval software , a clear and easy to understand user 's guide and of course a compact disk .
it comes with both 3.5″ and 5.25″ floppy disks [having] the installation and retrieval software , a clear and easy to understand user 's guide and of course a compact disk .

This is extremely confusing if you upgrade from version 4.2 to version 4.5 and have to refer to two manuals with identical titles containing different information .
this is extremely confusing if you upgrade from version 4.2 to version 4.5 and have to refer to two manuals with identical titles [having] different information .

Good additional features include the ability to add your own words , and a Special Word Set containing selected words which frequently cause children difficulty plus some specifically chosen to help dyslexic children .
good additional features include the ability to add your own words , and a special word set [having] selected words which frequently cause children difficulty plus some specifically chosen to help dyslexic children .

The majority of this book however , is divided into sections containing detailed descriptions of the most popular and best available packages .
the majority of this book however , is divided into sections [having] detailed descriptions of the most popular and best available packages .

Once the Enable Task Swapper has been selected from the Options menu , a new box appears containing the names of all the programs which are opened .
once the enable task swapper has been selected from the options menu , a new box appears [having] the names of all the programs which are opened .

Within the box , apart from the seemingly obligatory chunk of pink polystyrene , lies a disk containing seven games ' worth of code .
within the box , apart from the seemingly obligatory chunk of pink polystyrene , lies a disk [having] seven games ' worth of code .

Manipulation PhotoFinish is at its best with 24 bit images — containing anything up to 16.7 million colours — but very few people have the hardware to display such complex images at the moment .
manipulation photofinish is at its best with 24 bit images — [having] anything up to 16.7 million colours — but very few people have the hardware to display such complex images at the moment .

Branches containing important keywords related to the topic are then placed around the focus .
branches [having] important keywords related to the topic are then placed around the focus .

Branches containing important keywords related to the topic are then placed around the focus .
branches [having] important keywords related to the topic are then placed around the focus .

in a box containing a chip removal tool , a manual and a test disk .
in a box [having] a chip removal tool , a manual and a test disk .

The RapidCad package includes a chip remover tool , a device like a miniature garden rake and a chip box containing conductive foam .
the rapidcad package includes a chip remover tool , a device like a miniature garden rake and a chip box [having] conductive foam .

It also lists folders containing a single file .
it also lists folders [having] a single file .

For example it lets you highlight all cells containing formulae .
for example it lets you highlight all cells [having] formulae .

Broadman waited impatiently , ill at ease in a room made noisome by vats and bubbling beakers and lined with shelves containing shadowy shapes suggestive of skulls and stuffed impossibilities .
broadman waited impatiently , ill at ease in a room made noisome by vats and bubbling beakers and lined with shelves [having] shadowy shapes suggestive of skulls and stuffed impossibilities .

Down below , thieves , assassins , trolls and merchants all realised at about the same moment that they were in a room made treacherous of foothold by gold coins and containing something , among the suddenly menacing shapes in the semi-darkness , that was absolutely horrible .
down below , thieves , assassins , trolls and merchants all realised at about the same moment that they were in a room made treacherous of foothold by gold coins and [having] something , among the suddenly menacing shapes in the semi-darkness , that was absolutely horrible .

It led through still more lofty halls and winding corridors quite big enough for a dragon ( and dragons had come this way once , it seemed ; there was a room lull of rotting harness , dragon-sized , and another room containing plate and chain mail big enough for elephants ) .
it led through still more lofty halls and winding corridors quite big enough for a dragon ( and dragons had come this way once , it seemed ; there was a room lull of rotting harness , dragon-sized , and another room [having] plate and chain mail big enough for elephants ) .

Minutes later she was being ushered out of the small but clinically precise kitchenette , and invited to take a seat on one of the chesterfields as he placed a tray containing two bone-china coffee-mugs , milk and sugar on the glass-topped table between them .
minutes later she was being ushered out of the small but clinically precise kitchenette , and invited to take a seat on one of the chesterfields as he placed a tray [having] two bone-china coffee-mugs , milk and sugar on the glass-topped table between them .

The tantalising smell of coffee met her as she emerged into the main sitting-room , to see that the low table before one of the chesterfields now bore a white china breakfast-set complete with coffee-pot and plates containing rolls and Danish pastries , while a crystal jar containing some kind of preserve rested on yet another plate containing foil-covered squares of butter .
the tantalising smell of coffee met her as she emerged into the main sitting-room , to see that the low table before one of the chesterfields now bore a white china breakfast-set complete with coffee-pot and plates [having] rolls and danish pastries , while a crystal jar [having] some kind of preserve rested on yet another plate [having] foil-covered squares of butter .

As soon as she 'd entered the hotel she 'd been handed a white envelope containing a fax message .
as soon as she 'd entered the hotel she 'd been handed a white envelope [having] a fax message .

The Record of Achievement should be available , complete and containing all end of Module Test Papers , all Coursework completed , the signed record sheets of attendance , and records of all practical work , for the Examiners if they wish to see them .
the record of achievement should be available , complete and [having] all end of module test papers , all coursework completed , the signed record sheets of attendance , and records of all practical work , for the examiners if they wish to see them .

The original demonstrator at Barstow used arrays of mirrors to focus the sun 's rays on a central ‘ power tower ’ containing stream that was heated directly to generate electricity .
the original demonstrator at barstow used arrays of mirrors to focus the sun 's rays on a central ‘ power tower ’ [having] stream that was heated directly to generate electricity .

Already , Cohen has isolated more than a thousand contigs , each containing an average of 15 yeast artificial chromosomes average of 15 yeast artificial chromosomes ( YACs ) and covering more than 70 per cent of the genome , while the number of markers on the map that Weissenbach and his colleagues reported last year has since been more than doubled and is set shortly to double again .
already , cohen has isolated more than a thousand contigs , each [having] an average of 15 yeast artificial chromosomes average of 15 yeast artificial chromosomes ( yacs ) and covering more than 70 per cent of the genome , while the number of markers on the map that weissenbach and his colleagues reported last year has since been more than doubled and is set shortly to double again .

The only real alternatives to the Pitcairn plume containing recycled continental or sedimentary material are that the magmas have assimilated sediment in crustal magma chambers or they have exchanged oxygen during subsequent submarine weathering .
the only real alternatives to the pitcairn plume [having] recycled continental or sedimentary material are that the magmas have assimilated sediment in crustal magma chambers or they have exchanged oxygen during subsequent submarine weathering .

Instead they considered the solution to be composed of areas containing polymer which were separated by the solvent .
instead they considered the solution to be composed of areas [having] polymer which were separated by the solvent .

It is used to detect amino end groups in nylons dissolved in m-cresol , by titration with methanolic perchloric acid solution , and can be applied to vinyl polymers if an initiator fragment , perhaps containing halogen , is attached to the end of the chain .
it is used to detect amino end groups in nylons dissolved in m-cresol , by titration with methanolic perchloric acid solution , and can be applied to vinyl polymers if an initiator fragment , perhaps [having] halogen , is attached to the end of the chain .

When assembled , the osmometer is placed in a jacket containing enough solvent to cover the bottom part of the reference capillary s .
when assembled , the osmometer is placed in a jacket [having] enough solvent to cover the bottom part of the reference capillary s .

For more complex chains , containing rings or heteroatomic chains , e.g. polydienes , polyethers , polysaccharides , and proteins , an estimate of σ is obtained from
for more complex chains , [having] rings or heteroatomic chains , e.g. polydienes , polyethers , polysaccharides , and proteins , an estimate of σ is obtained from

The latter patterns are indicative of considerable three-dimensional order and are typical of polycrystalline samples containing a large number of unoriented crystallites associated with amorphous regions .
the latter patterns are indicative of considerable three-dimensional order and are typical of polycrystalline samples [having] a large number of unoriented crystallites associated with amorphous regions .

Polyethylene , poly ( tetrafluoroethylene ) and other chains with more complex backbones containing , , and groups all possess a suitable symmetry for crystallite formation and usually assume extended zig-zag conformations when aligned in the lattice .
polyethylene , poly ( tetrafluoroethylene ) and other chains with more complex backbones [having] , , and groups all possess a suitable symmetry for crystallite formation and usually assume extended zig-zag conformations when aligned in the lattice .

Chains containing irregular units , which detract from the linear geometry , reduce the ability of a polymer to crystallize .
chains [having] irregular units , which detract from the linear geometry , reduce the ability of a polymer to crystallize .

Polymers containing polar groups , e.g .
polymers [having] polar groups , e.g .

As stress is now independent of the strain the form of the diagram changes and can be represented by a dashpot which is a loose fitting piston in a cylinder containing a liquid of viscosity η .
as stress is now independent of the strain the form of the diagram changes and can be represented by a dashpot which is a loose fitting piston in a cylinder [having] a liquid of viscosity η .

Once the polygon definition file has been created , a second file , containing the statistical data to be mapped onto the polygons , can be generated .
once the polygon definition file has been created , a second file , [having] the statistical data to be mapped onto the polygons , can be generated .

In Figure 7.2 operations are indicated by circles containing code numbers referring to company standards or special instructions and identifying the sequence in which they are to be performed .
in figure 7.2 operations are indicated by circles [having] code numbers referring to company standards or special instructions and identifying the sequence in which they are to be performed .

In the home of Hildebrand , gathering dust , lay a long , padded box containing a golden rod entwined with roses .
in the home of hildebrand , gathering dust , lay a long , padded box [having] a golden rod entwined with roses .

And the long , jewelled box containing the rod , without roses or leaves , that was the wand of his kingship .
and the long , jewelled box [having] the rod , without roses or leaves , that was the wand of his kingship .

Lear 's Psittacidae began to be issued in parts containing three or four plates each from 1 November 1830 .
lear 's psittacidae began to be issued in parts [having] three or four plates each from 1 november 1830 .

Barrels containing the dried , wrapped , skinned , and pickled specimens of this private collection were dispatched regularly back home to John Henslow , Professor of Botany at St John 's College , Cambridge .
barrels [having] the dried , wrapped , skinned , and pickled specimens of this private collection were dispatched regularly back home to john henslow , professor of botany at st john 's college , cambridge .

Part 1 of Birds of Australia , containing 17 plates , was scheduled for publication on 1 December , less than four-and-a-half months after the Gould 's return to England .
part 1 of birds of australia , [having] 17 plates , was scheduled for publication on 1 december , less than four-and-a-half months after the gould 's return to england .

Another objective was the area containing the port of Khorramshahr and the oil refinery , town and airport of Abadan .
another objective was the area [having] the port of khorramshahr and the oil refinery , town and airport of abadan .

In Najaf , Khomeini had begun a propaganda campaign against the Shah and his regime by circulating audio cassettes containing his pronouncements .
in najaf , khomeini had begun a propaganda campaign against the shah and his regime by circulating audio cassettes [having] his pronouncements .

Over on the other side of the Gulf , Iran had its share of misfortune when an earthquake struck the region containing the key oilfield of Gach Saran .
over on the other side of the gulf , iran had its share of misfortune when an earthquake struck the region [having] the key oilfield of gach saran .

The exhibition is accompanied by a catalogue containing two excellent essays by Rosemary Betterton and Angela McRobbie .
the exhibition is accompanied by a catalogue [having] two excellent essays by rosemary betterton and angela mcrobbie .

There are several new initiatives to promote including : a new flavour/sweetener complex which is added to the milk powders and dry pelleted feeds to encourage early acceptance , giving the milk powders a strawberry aroma ; a novel milk shaker for on-farm mixing demonstrations ; a half-kilogram weaning scoop ; and a unique ‘ Earlycare 6 Pack ’ containing all the farmer needs to wean six calves from four days of age to weaning in a convenient one tonne pack .
there are several new initiatives to promote including : a new flavour/sweetener complex which is added to the milk powders and dry pelleted feeds to encourage early acceptance , giving the milk powders a strawberry aroma ; a novel milk shaker for on-farm mixing demonstrations ; a half-kilogram weaning scoop ; and a unique ‘ earlycare 6 pack ’ [having] all the farmer needs to wean six calves from four days of age to weaning in a convenient one tonne pack .

The mixer is not just a bulking food , but an essential part of the dogs diet containing not only carbohydrates but important vitamins , proteins and minerals .
the mixer is not just a bulking food , but an essential part of the dogs diet [having] not only carbohydrates but important vitamins , proteins and minerals .

Probably of greater renown than the church is the great kitchen here with its eight oven shelters each containing a central fireplace and with a great vault in the middle .
probably of greater renown than the church is the great kitchen here with its eight oven shelters each [having] a central fireplace and with a great vault in the middle .

The late Gothic façades are surmounted with steeply pitched roofs containing tall dormer windows .
the late gothic façades are surmounted with steeply pitched roofs [having] tall dormer windows .

It has a commanding site and entrance ( 442 ) and the main courtyard is entirely domestic , containing a fine stone , Medieval staircase .
it has a commanding site and entrance ( 442 ) and the main courtyard is entirely domestic , [having] a fine stone , medieval staircase .

This wide coastal belt is a generally flat plain , only partially wooded , containing little building stone .
this wide coastal belt is a generally flat plain , only partially wooded , [having] little building stone .

One hundred selected employees have been given Perfect Pint cards containing a hotline number at the Cheltenham site on which such breaches can be reported .
one hundred selected employees have been given perfect pint cards [having] a hotline number at the cheltenham site on which such breaches can be reported .

Otherwise , the node is split into two nodes containing the lowest and highest values respectively .
otherwise , the node is split into two nodes [having] the lowest and highest values respectively .

Along with these are associated pointers containing the addresses of the record ( s ) with those corresponding field values .
along with these are associated pointers [having] the addresses of the record ( s ) with those corresponding field values .

So it was all over , with a new House of Commons containing [ after the 1959 general election ] 365 Conservative , 258 Labour and 6 Liberal members .
so it was all over , with a new house of commons [having] [ after the 1959 general election ] 365 conservative , 258 labour and 6 liberal members .

He told the King that he would prefer MacDonald to remain in office in order to carry out the necessary programme of economies ; but that if he failed to carry enough of his colleagues with him , then the best alternative would be for MacDonald to head a National Government containing members of all three parties .
he told the king that he would prefer macdonald to remain in office in order to carry out the necessary programme of economies ; but that if he failed to carry enough of his colleagues with him , then the best alternative would be for macdonald to head a national government [having] members of all three parties .

If the plaster is in bad shape , get it ripped off , line the walls with corrugated bitumastic building paper and then re-plaster with plaster containing insulating vermiculite .
if the plaster is in bad shape , get it ripped off , line the walls with corrugated bitumastic building paper and then re-plaster with plaster [having] insulating vermiculite .

Still-lifes on tables , dresser tops , window sills and mantelpieces can be improvised just as successfully as those on walls . Old bottles , minerals , stones , shells , tiny baskets filled with dried flowers , old wooden or papiér mâché boxes , miniature bottles in different shapes , pretty dishes containing pot-pourri , an assortment of small vases stuck with single-stem flowers or leaves …
still-lifes on tables , dresser tops , window sills and mantelpieces can be improvised just as successfully as those on walls . old bottles , minerals , stones , shells , tiny baskets filled with dried flowers , old wooden or papiér mâché boxes , miniature bottles in different shapes , pretty dishes [having] pot-pourri , an assortment of small vases stuck with single-stem flowers or leaves …

Island work areas can be lit by general light , a rise-and-fall fixture or a fluorescent fixture containing at least two 30 or 40 watt tubes .
island work areas can be lit by general light , a rise-and-fall fixture or a fluorescent fixture [having] at least two 30 or 40 watt tubes .

The tape recorder sat on the table between a fluted glass containing an artificial rose and the giant black pepper grinder the waiter had inadvertently left behind .
the tape recorder sat on the table between a fluted glass [having] an artificial rose and the giant black pepper grinder the waiter had inadvertently left behind .

The digits of the number are computed using a loop containing the standard algorithm
the digits of the number are computed using a loop [having] the standard algorithm

In later trials pots containing five Lolium temulentum plants were used .
in later trials pots [having] five lolium temulentum plants were used .

words containing spaces ) .
words [having] spaces ) .

Unification grammars are very strongly based on lexical lookup and employ a lexicon containing very detailed information about the possible uses for the words .
unification grammars are very strongly based on lexical lookup and employ a lexicon [having] very detailed information about the possible uses for the words .

Recognition confusions for the text in the corpus were generated and the lattices produced containing 1246 words .
recognition confusions for the text in the corpus were generated and the lattices produced [having] 1246 words .

For many years the production of a lexicon to accompany a parsing system was viewed as a tedious task and most systems provided only illustrative lexicons , containing at most a few hundred words .
for many years the production of a lexicon to accompany a parsing system was viewed as a tedious task and most systems provided only illustrative lexicons , [having] at most a few hundred words .

Containing her curiosity was impossible .
[having] her curiosity was impossible .

She carried a small basket in her hand containing food for her frugal evening meal , although the rancid smells around her were strong enough to diminish any desire to eat — she had not yet grown sufficiently accustomed to them to ignore them .
she carried a small basket in her hand [having] food for her frugal evening meal , although the rancid smells around her were strong enough to diminish any desire to eat — she had not yet grown sufficiently accustomed to them to ignore them .

Beside the washstand was a closet — cupboard , the English said , containing her few clothes .
beside the washstand was a closet — cupboard , the english said , [having] her few clothes .

Balancing the tray , to which Mrs Darrell had kindly added the plate containing those cream cakes which she had not managed to devour , she heard her say to Dr Neil , ‘ You really ought to go into society again , my dear .
balancing the tray , to which mrs darrell had kindly added the plate [having] those cream cakes which she had not managed to devour , she heard her say to dr neil , ‘ you really ought to go into society again , my dear .

’ She slipped me a cloth containing strips of dried meat .
’ she slipped me a cloth [having] strips of dried meat .

After the sixth week of collecting welfare , he opened his post and received a letter containing — a credit card offer .
after the sixth week of collecting welfare , he opened his post and received a letter [having] — a credit card offer .

Chipboard and other pressed wood products are made with a resin containing formaldehyde , an irritant and suspected carcinogen .
chipboard and other pressed wood products are made with a resin [having] formaldehyde , an irritant and suspected carcinogen .

It delivers just what it promises in the shape of 10001 short paragraphs , each containing a simple practical idea which might be put into practice in our daily lives .
it delivers just what it promises in the shape of 10001 short paragraphs , each [having] a simple practical idea which might be put into practice in our daily lives .

For example a ship called the Felicia left Philadelphia in August 1986 carrying a cargo of incinerator ash containing harmful metal residues .
for example a ship called the felicia left philadelphia in august 1986 carrying a cargo of incinerator ash [having] harmful metal residues .

It has given the go-ahead — and a $ 3 million grant — to a British company which plans to manufacture soap containing mercuric iodide for export to Africa , where it is used to lighten skin colour .
it has given the go-ahead — and a $ 3 million grant — to a british company which plans to manufacture soap [having] mercuric iodide for export to africa , where it is used to lighten skin colour .

We learned some days ago that bags containing Canadian diplomatic mail had been discovered by staff at Wandsworth prison .
we learned some days ago that bags [having] canadian diplomatic mail had been discovered by staff at wandsworth prison .

Member for Macclesfield illustrated the process very clearly when he referred to an excellent nursing home in his constituency , a fairly large institution containing trained nurses .
member for macclesfield illustrated the process very clearly when he referred to an excellent nursing home in his constituency , a fairly large institution [having] trained nurses .

discount is not enough , given the average income of single person households compared with that of households containing two or more people .
discount is not enough , given the average income of single person households compared with that of households [having] two or more people .

Member for Torbay said , the Government have conceded the principle that some extra benefit should accrue to households containing only one person .
member for torbay said , the government have conceded the principle that some extra benefit should accrue to households [having] only one person .

Traffic calming is a way of containing vehicle speeds by self-enforcing engineering measures and improving driver behaviour .
traffic calming is a way of [having] vehicle speeds by self-enforcing engineering measures and improving driver behaviour .

The Bill is short , containing only five clauses and two schedules , which is a good thing .
the bill is short , [having] only five clauses and two schedules , which is a good thing .

An offshore worker has presented me with a detailed file containing his experiences as a safety representative .
an offshore worker has presented me with a detailed file [having] his experiences as a safety representative .

1 title page ; 1 published map ; 15 sheets , plans , sections and cross-sections ; 1 book of reference containing Notice .
1 title page ; 1 published map ; 15 sheets , plans , sections and cross-sections ; 1 book of reference [having] notice .

Instead he examined the book containing future reservations , then began to study a pile of accounts .
instead he examined the book [having] future reservations , then began to study a pile of accounts .

‘ Stay here for long enough and you 'll soon learn , ’ Lucy assured her while containing her amusement with difficulty .
‘ stay here for long enough and you 'll soon learn , ’ lucy assured her while [having] her amusement with difficulty .

But in the meantime the food awaited her attention , and the two rafts containing eighteen hungry men were riding the white foam , every minute drawing closer to the time when they must be fed .
but in the meantime the food awaited her attention , and the two rafts [having] eighteen hungry men were riding the white foam , every minute drawing closer to the time when they must be fed .

No Opposition have ever mutilated more forests in the interests of producing an endless stream of written policy documents containing come-ons and pledges of all sorts to every sectional interest , but when we add up those pledges and cost them , the Labour party becomes very coy .
no opposition have ever mutilated more forests in the interests of producing an endless stream of written policy documents [having] come-ons and pledges of all sorts to every sectional interest , but when we add up those pledges and cost them , the labour party becomes very coy .

Is not it clear that the excellent record of business investment in the United Kingdom reflects the fact that business men recognise the Government 's commitment to containing inflation in the long term ? After all , it is the cost of capital which determines business investment . Would not that be threatened only by the advent of a Labour Government , with their profligate spending plans ?
is not it clear that the excellent record of business investment in the united kingdom reflects the fact that business men recognise the government 's commitment to [having] inflation in the long term ? after all , it is the cost of capital which determines business investment . would not that be threatened only by the advent of a labour government , with their profligate spending plans ?

Does the right hon. Gentleman remember that five months before the Gulf war , the Government told me that they had full confidence that Saddam Hussein was not developing nuclear weapons ? If they are being fooled now by many other countries , is it not right that we must seek a strong , new , international non-proliferation treaty containing vigorous verification provisions backed by United Nations sanctions ? Would not the best way to ensure that such a treaty would be accepted worldwide be for us to allow international inspection and verification of the numbers of our warheads ?
does the right hon. gentleman remember that five months before the gulf war , the government told me that they had full confidence that saddam hussein was not developing nuclear weapons ? if they are being fooled now by many other countries , is it not right that we must seek a strong , new , international non-proliferation treaty [having] vigorous verification provisions backed by united nations sanctions ? would not the best way to ensure that such a treaty would be accepted worldwide be for us to allow international inspection and verification of the numbers of our warheads ?

Earlier this week , they published their first report containing 35 action recommendations , principally on global warming and recycling .
earlier this week , they published their first report [having] 35 action recommendations , principally on global warming and recycling .

Halfway through our policy discussions in preparation for the citizens charter and the Bill , he obtained a leaked document containing the views of some officials .
halfway through our policy discussions in preparation for the citizens charter and the bill , he obtained a leaked document [having] the views of some officials .

Following his talk , Mr Denton has kindly agreed to let us publish a map containing his outline for a Shropshire Metro and has contributed some notes .
following his talk , mr denton has kindly agreed to let us publish a map [having] his outline for a shropshire metro and has contributed some notes .

1 book of reference containing notice .
1 book of reference [having] notice .

Even with his knapsack containing not only their sandwiches but his camera and painting materials , Fen seemed to be making nothing of it .
even with his knapsack [having] not only their sandwiches but his camera and painting materials , fen seemed to be making nothing of it .

For nearly the whole distance between Lydham Heath ( the point of junction with the Branch to the town of Bishop 's Castle ) and Montgomery the completed line will pass through a rich agricultural district , containing a population nearly double that of the country occupied by the existing line , and the passenger traffic , from station to station , as well as to Craven Arms and the Cambrian Railway at Montgomery , will be proportionately larger .
for nearly the whole distance between lydham heath ( the point of junction with the branch to the town of bishop 's castle ) and montgomery the completed line will pass through a rich agricultural district , [having] a population nearly double that of the country occupied by the existing line , and the passenger traffic , from station to station , as well as to craven arms and the cambrian railway at montgomery , will be proportionately larger .

1 title page , 1 published map — 7 sheets , plans and sections , 1 book of reference containing notice .
1 title page , 1 published map — 7 sheets , plans and sections , 1 book of reference [having] notice .

1 book of reference containing notice .
1 book of reference [having] notice .

a notice containing certain details of the intended sale .
a notice [having] certain details of the intended sale .

When they got it home to Suffolk , they discovered a small black-bound notebook containing the Diary of Henry Oakeley for the years 1869–1871 .
when they got it home to suffolk , they discovered a small black-bound notebook [having] the diary of henry oakeley for the years 1869–1871 .

No envelope either , just a slip of paper , folded in two , containing a brief typewritten message .
no envelope either , just a slip of paper , folded in two , [having] a brief typewritten message .

Even the best computer programs are unable to understand a sentence containing a pronoun such as he or she .
even the best computer programs are unable to understand a sentence [having] a pronoun such as he or she .

forbidding the use of capillary fittings containing lead-based solder on pipes supplying drinking water ( see Chapter 2 ) n changing the size of flushing cisterns used with WCs ( to come into effect in a few years ' time — see Chapter 8 )
forbidding the use of capillary fittings [having] lead-based solder on pipes supplying drinking water ( see chapter 2 ) n changing the size of flushing cisterns used with wcs ( to come into effect in a few years ' time — see chapter 8 )

The relevant requirements ( which have the force of law ) are to do with drainage and ventilation of rooms containing WCs .
the relevant requirements ( which have the force of law ) are to do with drainage and ventilation of rooms [having] wcs .

When used for drains , this type of pipe usually has a plain end and is jointed with a plastic sleeve containing sealing rings .
when used for drains , this type of pipe usually has a plain end and is jointed with a plastic sleeve [having] sealing rings .

Finally , several photographs have appeared in newspapers and magazine articles concerning the line , not to mention several books containing pictures illustrating articles .
finally , several photographs have appeared in newspapers and magazine articles concerning the line , not to mention several books [having] pictures illustrating articles .

He put her suitcases down in the driveway and reached into the boot to pass her a carry-case which Belinda recognised as containing a portable monitor , something like an electrically amplified stethoscope , which meant that it was often possible for a pregnant woman to hear her baby 's heartbeat as early as ten weeks into the pregnancy .
he put her suitcases down in the driveway and reached into the boot to pass her a carry-case which belinda recognised as [having] a portable monitor , something like an electrically amplified stethoscope , which meant that it was often possible for a pregnant woman to hear her baby 's heartbeat as early as ten weeks into the pregnancy .

In a general classification scheme , a main class is one of the broad classes into which knowledge is divided before further analysis begins and for which there is no broader containing class . In respect of the main classes , the following requirements can be specified :
in a general classification scheme , a main class is one of the broad classes into which knowledge is divided before further analysis begins and for which there is no broader [having] class . in respect of the main classes , the following requirements can be specified :

Once an entry has been identified , the user will expect to find the complete term in order to distinguish it from others containing the same words .
once an entry has been identified , the user will expect to find the complete term in order to distinguish it from others [having] the same words .

He referred , perhaps a little ironically , to the respect in which it was held , and he remarked how each issue was spoken of as containing besides a noteworthy article or two , ‘ the usual brilliant batch of reviews ’ .
he referred , perhaps a little ironically , to the respect in which it was held , and he remarked how each issue was spoken of as [having] besides a noteworthy article or two , ‘ the usual brilliant batch of reviews ’ .

Some letters were pictures in themselves , containing miniature dragons , wyverns , centaurs and other mythical beasts .
some letters were pictures in themselves , [having] miniature dragons , wyverns , centaurs and other mythical beasts .

Benjamin cursed the darkness but , as in any good household , there were boxes right inside the door containing rushlights and candles .
benjamin cursed the darkness but , as in any good household , there were boxes right inside the door [having] rushlights and candles .

The effects of solvent absorption in a solution may be partially compensated by comparing the transmittance of matched cells , one containing solution and the other pure solvent , ideally in a double-beam spectrometer .
the effects of solvent absorption in a solution may be partially compensated by comparing the transmittance of matched cells , one [having] solution and the other pure solvent , ideally in a double-beam spectrometer .

In practice , however , it is found that there are similarities between the frequencies of molecules containing similar groups of atoms , and this sort of information can be applied to the study of new compounds .
in practice , however , it is found that there are similarities between the frequencies of molecules [having] similar groups of atoms , and this sort of information can be applied to the study of new compounds .

They have proved to be most useful in identifying bands due to metal-ligand vibrations in complexes , in the same way that samples containing isotopically-substituted ligands allow identification of ligand modes [ 21 ] .
they have proved to be most useful in identifying bands due to metal-ligand vibrations in complexes , in the same way that samples [having] isotopically-substituted ligands allow identification of ligand modes [ 21 ] .

If an unstable species is generated in a static situation , such as in a bulb containing gases or a beaker containing a solution , its decay simply leads to a steadily-decreasing concentration at all points in the apparatus .
if an unstable species is generated in a static situation , such as in a bulb [having] gases or a beaker [having] a solution , its decay simply leads to a steadily-decreasing concentration at all points in the apparatus .

For a sample containing only one type of atom these signals would correspond to the expected s , p , d … sub-shells of the core shells .
for a sample [having] only one type of atom these signals would correspond to the expected s , p , d … sub-shells of the core shells .

This is one sign of the richness of the electronic spectra of compounds containing transition metal centers .
this is one sign of the richness of the electronic spectra of compounds [having] transition metal centers .

This is normally the case for organic ligands containing π-systems , such as pyridine and more complicated aromatic amines .
this is normally the case for organic ligands [having] π-systems , such as pyridine and more complicated aromatic amines .

There is a large and growing number of compounds containing two or more transition metal atoms in different oxidation states .
there is a large and growing number of compounds [having] two or more transition metal atoms in different oxidation states .

Full details can be found in Appendix 1 ( containing the instructions to the subjects ) and Appendix 2 ( containing further detail on the experimental procedures used ) .
full details can be found in appendix 1 ( [having] the instructions to the subjects ) and appendix 2 ( [having] further detail on the experimental procedures used ) .

Cranston delved into a small leather pouch he had taken from his saddle-bag , undid the cord at the neck and drew out a small vase containing the poison he had taken from Springall 's house .
cranston delved into a small leather pouch he had taken from his saddle-bag , undid the cord at the neck and drew out a small vase [having] the poison he had taken from springall 's house .

Inexpensive size analysis of naturally occurring fine sediments or of material obtained from wet sieving of a sediment containing significant fines is most satisfactorily achieved by the use of the pipette method ( Krumbein & pettijohn , 1961 ; Galehouse , 1971b ; Folk , 1974b ) .
inexpensive size analysis of naturally occurring fine sediments or of material obtained from wet sieving of a sediment [having] significant fines is most satisfactorily achieved by the use of the pipette method ( krumbein & pettijohn , 1961 ; galehouse , 1971b ; folk , 1974b ) .

The stain can detect the presence of Mg-calcite containing more than about 3 % MgCO 3 .
the stain can detect the presence of mg-calcite [having] more than about 3 % mgco 3 .

The timing and mode of formation of stylolites remains an area of contention in sedimentary petrography , although many stylolites show evidence of at least some component of their formation relatively late , if not necessarily deep , in the diagenetic history of their containing sediment ( Fig. 5.22d ) .
the timing and mode of formation of stylolites remains an area of contention in sedimentary petrography , although many stylolites show evidence of at least some component of their formation relatively late , if not necessarily deep , in the diagenetic history of their [having] sediment ( fig. 5.22d ) .

Familiarity with a certain sediment type , however , can lead to abbreviated data sheets , containing only those aspects present in those sediments , which , in turn , may lead to unusual or less common fabrics being overlooked .
familiarity with a certain sediment type , however , can lead to abbreviated data sheets , [having] only those aspects present in those sediments , which , in turn , may lead to unusual or less common fabrics being overlooked .

They were still there : the wallet of photographs and the envelope containing three postcards .
they were still there : the wallet of photographs and the envelope [having] three postcards .

In addition to containing the Banking Department of the Bank of England , the monetary sector includes a very large number of institutions whose principal function is to take deposits and to make loans .
in addition to [having] the banking department of the bank of england , the monetary sector includes a very large number of institutions whose principal function is to take deposits and to make loans .

Bills are certificates containing a promise to pay a specified sum of money to the holder at a specified time in the future .
bills are certificates [having] a promise to pay a specified sum of money to the holder at a specified time in the future .

He stood at an unusually high desk in the room into which Merymose ushered Huy , and there was no sign of any other furniture , beyond an open chest containing scrolls .
he stood at an unusually high desk in the room into which merymose ushered huy , and there was no sign of any other furniture , beyond an open chest [having] scrolls .

The ink holder ; the leather pad for papyrus ; the serried ranks of brush pens and rolls of paper , a cylindrical pot containing bronze pins and a paperknife .
the ink holder ; the leather pad for papyrus ; the serried ranks of brush pens and rolls of paper , a cylindrical pot [having] bronze pins and a paperknife .

One of the ways discussed for determining the curvature of a two-dimensional surface is to measure the deviation between nearby geodesics ; in a higher-dimensional space the measurement would yield the Gaussian curvature of the two-dimensional surface containing these geodesics .
one of the ways discussed for determining the curvature of a two-dimensional surface is to measure the deviation between nearby geodesics ; in a higher-dimensional space the measurement would yield the gaussian curvature of the two-dimensional surface [having] these geodesics .

The school 's mathematics syllabus reflects its more ‘ academic ’ past , still containing references to logarithms although no one teaches them any more .
the school 's mathematics syllabus reflects its more ‘ academic ’ past , still [having] references to logarithms although no one teaches them any more .

The open space in the middle had been carefully brushed and in its centre squatted two men about five feet apart ; by their sides stood two cages , each containing a pair of birds .
the open space in the middle had been carefully brushed and in its centre squatted two men about five feet apart ; by their sides stood two cages , each [having] a pair of birds .

In the Old City men set up small roadside stalls around big red earthenware pots containing jal jeera , a dark , spicy , green liquid which burns the mouth but cools the body : a more primitive yet more effective coolant than anything on offer in the new town .
in the old city men set up small roadside stalls around big red earthenware pots [having] jal jeera , a dark , spicy , green liquid which burns the mouth but cools the body : a more primitive yet more effective coolant than anything on offer in the new town .

The present action was brought by John 's executor , the declaration containing a count on the promissory note and a count for money lent .
the present action was brought by john 's executor , the declaration [having] a count on the promissory note and a count for money lent .

If a maintenance agreement includes a provision purporting to restrict any right to apply to a court for an order containing financial arrangements , then —
if a maintenance agreement includes a provision purporting to restrict any right to apply to a court for an order [having] financial arrangements , then —

an agreement containing financial arrangements , whether made during the continuance or after the dissolution or annulment of the marriage ; or
an agreement [having] financial arrangements , whether made during the continuance or after the dissolution or annulment of the marriage ; or

Since every coin bears a mint-name , and most hoards containing Charles 's coins are dateable to within a decade or so , it has been possible to show that the coins circulated rapidly , soon after they were issued .
since every coin bears a mint-name , and most hoards [having] charles 's coins are dateable to within a decade or so , it has been possible to show that the coins circulated rapidly , soon after they were issued .

In eight major hoards found on French sites and containing coins of Charles the Bald , there are no foreign coins .
in eight major hoards found on french sites and [having] coins of charles the bald , there are no foreign coins .

It seems likely that the king profited directly from this by setting a charge for the conversion of currency : you brought in , say , West Saxon pennies containing 20 ounces of silver to the mint at Quentovic , and you got back pennies of Charles containing 19 ounces of silver .
it seems likely that the king profited directly from this by setting a charge for the conversion of currency : you brought in , say , west saxon pennies [having] 20 ounces of silver to the mint at quentovic , and you got back pennies of charles [having] 19 ounces of silver .

One of the opponents must hold precisely 2 Spades containing the Jack .
one of the opponents must hold precisely 2 spades [having] the jack .

The student could produce an overview or outline plan containing a consideration of ideas showing the main components of the investigation .
the student could produce an overview or outline plan [having] a consideration of ideas showing the main components of the investigation .

This may be in the form of a report containing written evidence , diagrams or graphs as appropriate .
this may be in the form of a report [having] written evidence , diagrams or graphs as appropriate .

‘ Unconventional ’ forces contain such elements as nuclear weapons ( probably the greatest source of military controversy ) ; guerilla forces and mercenaries , and a different kind of land based force ; a territorial army containing ordinary people , citizens enlisting in their own force , and of their own free will .
‘ unconventional ’ forces contain such elements as nuclear weapons ( probably the greatest source of military controversy ) ; guerilla forces and mercenaries , and a different kind of land based force ; a territorial army [having] ordinary people , citizens enlisting in their own force , and of their own free will .

All professional work is done under contracts containing either an express or implied term that the professional person will use reasonable skill and care in the performance of the work .
all professional work is done under contracts [having] either an express or implied term that the professional person will use reasonable skill and care in the performance of the work .

Circulars were issued to local authorities ; arrangements were made for the billeting of evacuees ( involving detailed surveys of available accommodation ) ; those citizens most at risk ( principally children , mothers with pre-school children , the elderly , the blind , the disabled ) were identified as belonging to the ‘ priority classes ’ ; and , most important of all , the country was divided into evacuation areas ( containing 11 million people , from which 3 million in the priority classes would be removed ) , reception areas ( 16 million ) which would host the evacuees , and neutral areas ( 13 million ) .
circulars were issued to local authorities ; arrangements were made for the billeting of evacuees ( involving detailed surveys of available accommodation ) ; those citizens most at risk ( principally children , mothers with pre-school children , the elderly , the blind , the disabled ) were identified as belonging to the ‘ priority classes ’ ; and , most important of all , the country was divided into evacuation areas ( [having] 11 million people , from which 3 million in the priority classes would be removed ) , reception areas ( 16 million ) which would host the evacuees , and neutral areas ( 13 million ) .

( iv ) The provisions containing any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the Scheme of Conditions of Service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay
( iv ) the provisions [having] any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the scheme of conditions of service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay

It was a large walled-in structure containing several graves and a plaque stating that underneath were deposited the remains of Mary , who had been the daughter of somebody and the wife of someone else .
it was a large walled-in structure [having] several graves and a plaque stating that underneath were deposited the remains of mary , who had been the daughter of somebody and the wife of someone else .

Notable among these is the fact that the mismatch of range is even greater than in the case of the prenominal adjectives ; it is true that one can usually expand a postnominal adjective to a relative clause containing be , though we should certainly note cases like : ( 31 ) he is dreaming of the whisky which will be galore with her arms which were akimbo she stared at Victor food which is aplenty is on sale in the end tent however , there is not the slightest difficulty about producing numerous examples where the relative clause with be is fully satisfactory but can not be reduced to a grammatical postnominal adjective .
notable among these is the fact that the mismatch of range is even greater than in the case of the prenominal adjectives ; it is true that one can usually expand a postnominal adjective to a relative clause [having] be , though we should certainly note cases like : ( 31 ) he is dreaming of the whisky which will be galore with her arms which were akimbo she stared at victor food which is aplenty is on sale in the end tent however , there is not the slightest difficulty about producing numerous examples where the relative clause with be is fully satisfactory but can not be reduced to a grammatical postnominal adjective .

In other words , while there may be in some sense ( possibly a historical one ) a relatively simple form of language in which clauses contain only a single occurrence of assignment , there is also a more elaborate form in which complexes containing assignment can themselves be used as elements in the construction of other clauses ; acceptance of this conclusion is not particularly demanding , given the observable facts of language use .
in other words , while there may be in some sense ( possibly a historical one ) a relatively simple form of language in which clauses contain only a single occurrence of assignment , there is also a more elaborate form in which complexes [having] assignment can themselves be used as elements in the construction of other clauses ; acceptance of this conclusion is not particularly demanding , given the observable facts of language use .

First , we may notice the ambiguity of many sentences containing noun + adjective sequences as in : ( 2 ) Joseph painted the general seated
first , we may notice the ambiguity of many sentences [having] noun + adjective sequences as in : ( 2 ) joseph painted the general seated

On the other hand , examples like ( 33 ) could be responses to questions containing what ?
on the other hand , examples like ( 33 ) could be responses to questions [having] what ?

But when ( 36 ) is taken as containing a real , passive , verbal notion the question will be something like ( 38 ) ( a ) or ( b ) ; and ( c ) will also be a reasonable response : ( 38 ) ( a ) what happened to the façade ?
but when ( 36 ) is taken as [having] a real , passive , verbal notion the question will be something like ( 38 ) ( a ) or ( b ) ; and ( c ) will also be a reasonable response : ( 38 ) ( a ) what happened to the façade ?

Thus ( 54 ) , with an adjective which can occur predicatively ( but not in the prenominal attributive position ) , is quite acceptable ; but ( 55 ) , containing galore which is excluded from ordinary predicative position , is not : ( 54 ) the observers reported Her Majesty ( to be ) asleep ( 55 ) the observers reported the whisky ( to be ) galore We may further note that there are certain inherently restrictive adjectives ( including superlatives and , under certain conditions , ordinals ) which imply selection out of a known set , and which appear to occur ( unlike most adjectives ) in ordinary predicative position accompanied by the definite article : ( 56 ) ( a ) your slice is the largest ( b ) your slice is the small ( See Chapter 7 ; and Ferris , in preparation . )
thus ( 54 ) , with an adjective which can occur predicatively ( but not in the prenominal attributive position ) , is quite acceptable ; but ( 55 ) , [having] galore which is excluded from ordinary predicative position , is not : ( 54 ) the observers reported her majesty ( to be ) asleep ( 55 ) the observers reported the whisky ( to be ) galore we may further note that there are certain inherently restrictive adjectives ( including superlatives and , under certain conditions , ordinals ) which imply selection out of a known set , and which appear to occur ( unlike most adjectives ) in ordinary predicative position accompanied by the definite article : ( 56 ) ( a ) your slice is the largest ( b ) your slice is the small ( see chapter 7 ; and ferris , in preparation . )

Examples of the contrast most commonly given use relative clauses as in ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , containing a restrictive and a non-restrictive relative , respectively : ( 1 ) silk which comes from Thailand is taxed more heavily than Malaysian silk ( 2 ) silk , which is a natural fibre , incurs less tax than artificial fabrics There are , of course , certain linguistic devices in English which can help to indicate which interpretation is intended ( though surprisingly few , given that the difference in effect can sometimes be considerable ) .
examples of the contrast most commonly given use relative clauses as in ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , [having] a restrictive and a non-restrictive relative , respectively : ( 1 ) silk which comes from thailand is taxed more heavily than malaysian silk ( 2 ) silk , which is a natural fibre , incurs less tax than artificial fabrics there are , of course , certain linguistic devices in english which can help to indicate which interpretation is intended ( though surprisingly few , given that the difference in effect can sometimes be considerable ) .

The Staufer were far from satisfied with this reply , which one chronicler reports on as containing many absurd and untrue things , `` multa absurda et quedam falsa `` .
the staufer were far from satisfied with this reply , which one chronicler reports on as [having] many absurd and untrue things , `` multa absurda et quedam falsa `` .

The distribution shows a scattering pattern consistent with Bradford 's Law of Scattering , with 50 % of the total papers being published in 5 journals , the next 5 journals containing 25 % .
the distribution shows a scattering pattern consistent with bradford 's law of scattering , with 50 % of the total papers being published in 5 journals , the next 5 journals [having] 25 % .

The quality of papers published in both Transactions was extremely varied , sometimes containing ‘ classic ’ papers by professional geologists ( e.g .
the quality of papers published in both transactions was extremely varied , sometimes [having] ‘ classic ’ papers by professional geologists ( e.g .

These are usually un-refereed publications of limited circulation , containing only factual data , and where the level of interpretation and intellectual content is small .
these are usually un-refereed publications of limited circulation , [having] only factual data , and where the level of interpretation and intellectual content is small .

All of the books containing material related to the theses in the present study are such compilations .
all of the books [having] material related to the theses in the present study are such compilations .

This area is characterised by large tracts of metamorphosed stratiform rocks of sedimentary origin , containing smaller areas of metamorphosed igneous intrusions and volcanic suites .
this area is characterised by large tracts of metamorphosed stratiform rocks of sedimentary origin , [having] smaller areas of metamorphosed igneous intrusions and volcanic suites .

By cumulating citation percentages within decades , the authors deduce that they require a mathematical function containing two exponential terms to describe data .
by cumulating citation percentages within decades , the authors deduce that they require a mathematical function [having] two exponential terms to describe data .

For the labourers he had produced , on a twenty-seven by twenty-four-foot ground plan , a unit containing a lobby , living room , scullery , indoor w.c. , and one large and two small bedrooms .
for the labourers he had produced , on a twenty-seven by twenty-four-foot ground plan , a unit [having] a lobby , living room , scullery , indoor w.c. , and one large and two small bedrooms .

It comprises 26 provinces , each administered by an appointed governor , and a Distrito Nacional containing the capital .
it comprises 26 provinces , each administered by an appointed governor , and a distrito nacional [having] the capital .

Two men had driven up to the gate in a van containing a 70 kg bomb which they then detonated .
two men had driven up to the gate in a van [having] a 70 kg bomb which they then detonated .

On June 4 Macierewicz ( as Interior Minister ) distributed to the chairmen of parliamentary parties and to the Speakers and Deputy Speakers of both houses sealed envelopes containing the names of 64 deputies , senators , present and former ministers and Presidential Chancellery officials who had allegedly collaborated with the Polish security services under the communist regime .
on june 4 macierewicz ( as interior minister ) distributed to the chairmen of parliamentary parties and to the speakers and deputy speakers of both houses sealed envelopes [having] the names of 64 deputies , senators , present and former ministers and presidential chancellery officials who had allegedly collaborated with the polish security services under the communist regime .

The ban on abortion counselling and referral by federally funded family planning clinics , imposed in 1988 under President Ronald Reagan and maintained by Bush , came under congressional challenge as both House and Senate enacted human services appropriations bills containing a provision to block enforcement of the ban during fiscal 1992 .
the ban on abortion counselling and referral by federally funded family planning clinics , imposed in 1988 under president ronald reagan and maintained by bush , came under congressional challenge as both house and senate enacted human services appropriations bills [having] a provision to block enforcement of the ban during fiscal 1992 .

Labour disputes , involving two of the public sector 's most powerful unions , marked a challenge to the government 's strategy of containing wage increases as a means of controlling inflation .
labour disputes , involving two of the public sector 's most powerful unions , marked a challenge to the government 's strategy of [having] wage increases as a means of controlling inflation .

Apparently ruling out any form of legislative veto for minority groups ( a point on which the government side had long insisted ) , the document was nevertheless seen as containing a notable concession in its acceptance of a bicameral parliamentary system .
apparently ruling out any form of legislative veto for minority groups ( a point on which the government side had long insisted ) , the document was nevertheless seen as [having] a notable concession in its acceptance of a bicameral parliamentary system .

Have agreed to conclude a Treaty on the Establishment of German Unity , containing the following provisions :
have agreed to conclude a treaty on the establishment of german unity , [having] the following provisions :

In the ensuing riot , a hut containing refugees seeking to flee the violence , mainly northerners , was set on fire .
in the ensuing riot , a hut [having] refugees seeking to flee the violence , mainly northerners , was set on fire .

After three hours of talks , Bush and Yeltsin signed a general declaration emphasizing the principles of trust and friendship on which relations would be based , but containing no concrete new plans .
after three hours of talks , bush and yeltsin signed a general declaration emphasizing the principles of trust and friendship on which relations would be based , but [having] no concrete new plans .

Details of a confidential government report sponsored by the Ministry of Agriculture were published in the press in May , containing the estimate that over half the population was living below the breadline and that 2,000,000 people were in urgent need of food aid .
details of a confidential government report sponsored by the ministry of agriculture were published in the press in may , [having] the estimate that over half the population was living below the breadline and that 2,000,000 people were in urgent need of food aid .

On Nov. 28 , Nguza announced a Cabinet containing members of several opposition parties , but with key portfolios such as Foreign Affairs , Defence and Security and Budget held by Mobutu supporters .
on nov. 28 , nguza announced a cabinet [having] members of several opposition parties , but with key portfolios such as foreign affairs , defence and security and budget held by mobutu supporters .

An anti-Nazi lawyer , Serge Klarsfeld , discovered in mid-November that a Second World War filedrawn up by French police in October 1940 on the instructions of the Gestapo and containing information on all Jewish people in Paris was still in existence at the Ministry of War Veterans , where it was apparently used to check pension claims .
an anti-nazi lawyer , serge klarsfeld , discovered in mid-november that a second world war filedrawn up by french police in october 1940 on the instructions of the gestapo and [having] information on all jewish people in paris was still in existence at the ministry of war veterans , where it was apparently used to check pension claims .

34192-96 ] , sent an open letter to his Conservative Association chairman containing a severe attack on Thatcher 's policies and style .
34192-96 ] , sent an open letter to his conservative association chairman [having] a severe attack on thatcher 's policies and style .

Traces of Maltese clothing found in the Lockerbie wreckage had been linked by experts to the suitcase containing the bomb .
traces of maltese clothing found in the lockerbie wreckage had been linked by experts to the suitcase [having] the bomb .

He disclosed that he had delivered a letter from Saddam Hussein to Rafsanjani in Tehran on Feb. 8 containing the Iraqi President 's formal reply to the latest Iranian proposals .
he disclosed that he had delivered a letter from saddam hussein to rafsanjani in tehran on feb. 8 [having] the iraqi president 's formal reply to the latest iranian proposals .

Hence it would be necessary to draft a new housing repair code in terms specific enough to be clearly understandable … but also containing a wide enough range of topics to be considered so as to ensure that the law is sufficiently flexible to cover the greatest number of housing repair problems … However , the consequences of implementing such a … code have to be faced … There are many houses which simply could not be brought up to standard … There are other houses … where the owners , be they owner-occupiers or private landlords , would be unwilling or unable to undertake the necessary work .
hence it would be necessary to draft a new housing repair code in terms specific enough to be clearly understandable … but also [having] a wide enough range of topics to be considered so as to ensure that the law is sufficiently flexible to cover the greatest number of housing repair problems … however , the consequences of implementing such a … code have to be faced … there are many houses which simply could not be brought up to standard … there are other houses … where the owners , be they owner-occupiers or private landlords , would be unwilling or unable to undertake the necessary work .

19 ( 1 ) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …
19 ( 1 ) in all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this act [having] a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …

In broad terms it may be stated as being whether an original tenant under a lease containing a rent review clause is bound by privity of contract to pay the landlord for the time being of the premises a rent agreed or otherwise determined with a subsequent assignee of the term .
in broad terms it may be stated as being whether an original tenant under a lease [having] a rent review clause is bound by privity of contract to pay the landlord for the time being of the premises a rent agreed or otherwise determined with a subsequent assignee of the term .

The emphasis on fast food operations has brought into play appliances which concentrate extremely high temperatures on raw products containing fats and other volatile substances .
the emphasis on fast food operations has brought into play appliances which concentrate extremely high temperatures on raw products [having] fats and other volatile substances .

However , talk within the argument and not addressed to a specified individual may be in Creole or in British English , with a single turn often containing elements of both .
however , talk within the argument and not addressed to a specified individual may be in creole or in british english , with a single turn often [having] elements of both .

The former is a burial mound , containing in its centre a timber chamber which proved upon examination in 1820 – 1 to be empty of the body originally placed there .
the former is a burial mound , [having] in its centre a timber chamber which proved upon examination in 1820 – 1 to be empty of the body originally placed there .

Some of the earliest English churches , minsters containing communities of secular ( i.e .
some of the earliest english churches , minsters [having] communities of secular ( i.e .

His nephew Edgar gave Ely a cross with a gold front containing three golden images and precious stones , the rest being of silver gilt ; the silver base was in three parts with gilt embellishment .
his nephew edgar gave ely a cross with a gold front [having] three golden images and precious stones , the rest being of silver gilt ; the silver base was in three parts with gilt embellishment .

The Society shall maintain a list containing the name , registered office and other place or places of business of every body for the time being recognised by the Council under these Rules , which list shall be available for inspection by the public .
the society shall maintain a list [having] the name , registered office and other place or places of business of every body for the time being recognised by the council under these rules , which list shall be available for inspection by the public .

When a notice is sent by post , service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing , prepaying and posting a letter containing the notice and to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post .
when a notice is sent by post , service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing , prepaying and posting a letter [having] the notice and to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post .

When a notice is sent by post , service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing , prepaying and posting a letter containing the notice and to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post .
when a notice is sent by post , service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing , prepaying and posting a letter [having] the notice and to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post .

Parson Woodforde , visiting a Norfolk warehouse containing 380 poor in 1787 , found they did not look `` either healthy or cheerful `` .
parson woodforde , visiting a norfolk warehouse [having] 380 poor in 1787 , found they did not look `` either healthy or cheerful `` .

In this case a terminal branch containing appropriate written and syntactic information about tea is attached to the node containing the pronunciation of teacher , at the point where the input word ended .
in this case a terminal branch [having] appropriate written and syntactic information about tea is attached to the node [having] the pronunciation of teacher , at the point where the input word ended .

4.1 represents a fragment of the structure generated , containing the examples mentioned above .
4.1 represents a fragment of the structure generated , [having] the examples mentioned above .

This should be contrasted with a database containing simply the names and addresses of current customers because there is no selectivity or judgment ( or very little ) in the decision as to what should be included and relatively little skill in designing the structure of the database .
this should be contrasted with a database [having] simply the names and addresses of current customers because there is no selectivity or judgment ( or very little ) in the decision as to what should be included and relatively little skill in designing the structure of the database .

For example in a database containing the full text of literary works , each work will be protected in its own right and the duration of protection for that work will be based on the life of the author plus fifty years , or in the case of an Act of Parliament ( subject to Crown Copyright ) 125 years from the end of the calendar year during which it was created , and not from the time it was entered into the database .
for example in a database [having] the full text of literary works , each work will be protected in its own right and the duration of protection for that work will be based on the life of the author plus fifty years , or in the case of an act of parliament ( subject to crown copyright ) 125 years from the end of the calendar year during which it was created , and not from the time it was entered into the database .

Any piece of computer equipment which has to be fitted to some other equipment , such as a replacement `` card `` ( printed circuit board containing integrated circuits ) which has to be a certain shape , or have a certain type of connector , in order to fit into a computer will also fall into the first part of the exception .
any piece of computer equipment which has to be fitted to some other equipment , such as a replacement `` card `` ( printed circuit board [having] integrated circuits ) which has to be a certain shape , or have a certain type of connector , in order to fit into a computer will also fall into the first part of the exception .

The following rights may be relevant to this computer system : Patent Being new , the computer may incorporate some new and patentable inventions Copyright The software on disk and the programs stored on the integrated circuits ( firmware ) and all accompanying documentation are protected under copyright law Semiconductor The topography of the integrated circuits Regulations containing the firmware Trade Marks The stylized name may be registered as a trade mark Registered Design The embossed pattern may be a registered design Design Right The new type of keyboard may fall within the scope of the new design right
the following rights may be relevant to this computer system : patent being new , the computer may incorporate some new and patentable inventions copyright the software on disk and the programs stored on the integrated circuits ( firmware ) and all accompanying documentation are protected under copyright law semiconductor the topography of the integrated circuits regulations [having] the firmware trade marks the stylized name may be registered as a trade mark registered design the embossed pattern may be a registered design design right the new type of keyboard may fall within the scope of the new design right

The Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 limits the extent to which liability can be excluded or limited for breach of contract , or for negligence , or under the terms implied by the Sale of Goods Act 1979 and other legislation containing similar provisions , such as the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 .
the unfair contract terms act 1977 limits the extent to which liability can be excluded or limited for breach of contract , or for negligence , or under the terms implied by the sale of goods act 1979 and other legislation [having] similar provisions , such as the supply of goods and services act 1982 .

The subset containing fabliaux with lavatory humour , tales concerning basic bodily functions of excretion or flatulence , are fewer in number .
the subset [having] fabliaux with lavatory humour , tales concerning basic bodily functions of excretion or flatulence , are fewer in number .

The building containing the main movement hall ( gym 1 ) and music rooms has been named ‘ Molly Haus ’ .
the building [having] the main movement hall ( gym 1 ) and music rooms has been named ‘ molly haus ’ .

Make and have are at the top of the binding hierarchy and take the `` highly non-verbal `` bare infinitive ; order is lower on the scale and takes the to infinitive ; next comes insist , which is followed by a subordinate clause containing a finite subjunctive form , and then think , construed with a subordinate clause in the indicative .
make and have are at the top of the binding hierarchy and take the `` highly non-verbal `` bare infinitive ; order is lower on the scale and takes the to infinitive ; next comes insist , which is followed by a subordinate clause [having] a finite subjunctive form , and then think , construed with a subordinate clause in the indicative .

Hirtle ( 1975 : 124 ) makes this successivity explicit when he diagrams his analysis of modal will in At one o'clock they will eat lunch : The role of will is described as that of `` keeping the infinitive beyond the stretch of time containing the present of actual consciousness `` and so situating its event in the future .
hirtle ( 1975 : 124 ) makes this successivity explicit when he diagrams his analysis of modal will in at one o'clock they will eat lunch : the role of will is described as that of `` keeping the infinitive beyond the stretch of time [having] the present of actual consciousness `` and so situating its event in the future .

If it is possible at all to find a semantic common denominator for sentences containing auxiliary need , the best candidate would probably be `` non-assertiveness `` .
if it is possible at all to find a semantic common denominator for sentences [having] auxiliary need , the best candidate would probably be `` non-assertiveness `` .

To represent a happening as unforeseeable , however — and herein lies the explanation for the use of the infinitive with to — one must necessarily evoke a position before its occurrence : the stretch of time leading up to it must be evoked as containing no prior indication that it was going to occur .
to represent a happening as unforeseeable , however — and herein lies the explanation for the use of the infinitive with to — one must necessarily evoke a position before its occurrence : the stretch of time leading up to it must be evoked as [having] no prior indication that it was going to occur .

Indeed , it is reassuring to note that although these studies involve different problems within the verb , they all seem to be converging in so far as the view of the relation between event time and universe time ( time containing the event ) is concerned .
indeed , it is reassuring to note that although these studies involve different problems within the verb , they all seem to be converging in so far as the view of the relation between event time and universe time ( time [having] the event ) is concerned .

Religion was the greatest difficulty : the thin crust of philosophic theism was hardly capable of containing the wilder emotions of prophecy , ecstasy , mystery and ritual cruelty .
religion was the greatest difficulty : the thin crust of philosophic theism was hardly capable of [having] the wilder emotions of prophecy , ecstasy , mystery and ritual cruelty .

Last Christmas , Mr Green of Ickenham was given a hamper containing a sultana cake that was made , according to the wrapper , by the Yorkshire Farm Bakery .
last christmas , mr green of ickenham was given a hamper [having] a sultana cake that was made , according to the wrapper , by the yorkshire farm bakery .

It became obvious that to insert any metal object into a hole containing explosive was highly dangerous .
it became obvious that to insert any metal object into a hole [having] explosive was highly dangerous .

Clearly tabulated folders or envelopes containing cards with the words necessary to form language patterns centred around one cultural or language feature are attached to the bottom of the chart as needed .
clearly tabulated folders or envelopes [having] cards with the words necessary to form language patterns centred around one cultural or language feature are attached to the bottom of the chart as needed .

There are four pairs of phonemes containing stops : /p , b/ ; /t , d/ ; /k , g/ ; / , / .
there are four pairs of phonemes [having] stops : /p , b/ ; /t , d/ ; /k , g/ ; / , / .

The oldest surviving dated manuscript containing Old English words is a Kentish charter of 679 , though some runic inscriptions are probably older .
the oldest surviving dated manuscript [having] old english words is a kentish charter of 679 , though some runic inscriptions are probably older .

The slurry was produced by mixing chalk with river mud in liquid form in a washmill , a circular tank containing revolving blades .
the slurry was produced by mixing chalk with river mud in liquid form in a washmill , a circular tank [having] revolving blades .

In 1892 the pavilion was erected and a report of the day states , `` The building will be match-boarded with galvanised roof 28 ft long by 13 ft containing a dressing room each end and open seating accommodation in the centre and front and will add greatly to the attractiveness of the ground `` .
in 1892 the pavilion was erected and a report of the day states , `` the building will be match-boarded with galvanised roof 28 ft long by 13 ft [having] a dressing room each end and open seating accommodation in the centre and front and will add greatly to the attractiveness of the ground `` .

Nearby were the two churches of St Mary and the Holy Cross , and two other tents containing the royal treasure .
nearby were the two churches of st mary and the holy cross , and two other tents [having] the royal treasure .

For a subject search , the words of the user 's search were looked up in an index containing words from title-like fields and subject headings , and from corporate names .
for a subject search , the words of the user 's search were looked up in an index [having] words from title-like fields and subject headings , and from corporate names .

In a title search , for example , a search for an incomplete or garbled title would lead to the choice of a title index display or a search for titles containing the words of the search , and thenceforth behave rather as if it were doing a subject search .
in a title search , for example , a search for an incomplete or garbled title would lead to the choice of a title index display or a search for titles [having] the words of the search , and thenceforth behave rather as if it were doing a subject search .

This means that a search may retrieve items which are indexed under only some of the terms in the search , although any records containing all the terms are output first and described as `` matching your search closely . ``
this means that a search may retrieve items which are indexed under only some of the terms in the search , although any records [having] all the terms are output first and described as `` matching your search closely . ``

The Okapi '86 procedure would be improved by the use of an exception list containing words which can not safely be made singular or have an `` ing `` ending removed ( `` rights `` `` housing `` `` painting `` ) . ``
the okapi '86 procedure would be improved by the use of an exception list [having] words which can not safely be made singular or have an `` ing `` ending removed ( `` rights `` `` housing `` `` painting `` ) . ``

When you ask about the dangers of using peppermint oil , you may be thinking of the concentrated essential oils used in aromatherapy ( the massaging of the skin with oils or creams containing plant extracts to relieve tension ) which are very potent and should not be used undiluted .
when you ask about the dangers of using peppermint oil , you may be thinking of the concentrated essential oils used in aromatherapy ( the massaging of the skin with oils or creams [having] plant extracts to relieve tension ) which are very potent and should not be used undiluted .

In cases like the French verb system it is possible to build up a drill containing all the tenses of the verb and all the pronouns within the framework of one drill .
in cases like the french verb system it is possible to build up a drill [having] all the tenses of the verb and all the pronouns within the framework of one drill .

German speakers have difficulty in distinguishing between `` bring `` and `` take `` in English as these are translated by one German word `` bringen `` , but the English speaker has difficulty trying to decide which of the two English words is meant in any statement containing the German word `` bringen `` .
german speakers have difficulty in distinguishing between `` bring `` and `` take `` in english as these are translated by one german word `` bringen `` , but the english speaker has difficulty trying to decide which of the two english words is meant in any statement [having] the german word `` bringen `` .

There was a fitted wardrobe , with a row of suits hanging in it , and drawers containing shirts , pyjamas , socks , handkerchiefs and underclothes — everything clean and ready , but giving a curious impression of not being in use .
there was a fitted wardrobe , with a row of suits hanging in it , and drawers [having] shirts , pyjamas , socks , handkerchiefs and underclothes — everything clean and ready , but giving a curious impression of not being in use .

In 1963 Takayanagi proposed models for polymers containing separate phases and carried out experimental studies on composites made up from a hard polymer and a soft rubber .
in 1963 takayanagi proposed models for polymers [having] separate phases and carried out experimental studies on composites made up from a hard polymer and a soft rubber .

It may be measured by dilatometry if the bulk modulus of the containing fluid is known and ultrasonic methods may also be used ( see 5.9 below ) .
it may be measured by dilatometry if the bulk modulus of the [having] fluid is known and ultrasonic methods may also be used ( see 5.9 below ) .

Total ribonucleic acid was prepared from exponentially growing cells according to standard methods , assessed by measuring the absorbance at 260 nm , separated on a formaldehyde containing agarose gel , and blotted to nylon filters .
total ribonucleic acid was prepared from exponentially growing cells according to standard methods , assessed by measuring the absorbance at 260 nm , separated on a formaldehyde [having] agarose gel , and blotted to nylon filters .

The experimental technique involved continuous perfusion of an open segment of oesophagus and the stomach with saline containing non-absorbable markers .
the experimental technique involved continuous perfusion of an open segment of oesophagus and the stomach with saline [having] non-absorbable markers .

Slow transit constipation can be distinguished from outlet obstruction by the ingestion of a capsule containing 20 shapes followed by an abdominal x ray film taken on the fifth day ; 80 % retention of the markers signifies slow colonic transit .
slow transit constipation can be distinguished from outlet obstruction by the ingestion of a capsule [having] 20 shapes followed by an abdominal x ray film taken on the fifth day ; 80 % retention of the markers signifies slow colonic transit .

Menopausal state , pregnancy , and oestrogen containing drugs — Because of the possible influence of menopausal state , pregnancy and oestrogen containing drugs , details about these factors were sought by questionnaire in the 65 women who were followed up for more than six months .
menopausal state , pregnancy , and oestrogen [having] drugs — because of the possible influence of menopausal state , pregnancy and oestrogen [having] drugs , details about these factors were sought by questionnaire in the 65 women who were followed up for more than six months .

Only 12 patients had taken oestrogen containing preparations .
only 12 patients had taken oestrogen [having] preparations .

Two further patients had taken oestrogen containing hormone replacement treatment ( again dose not known ) for menopausal symptoms , before and during the trial .
two further patients had taken oestrogen [having] hormone replacement treatment ( again dose not known ) for menopausal symptoms , before and during the trial .

The preparation was equilibrated by perfusion for 15 minutes with a buffer containing 7.9 mmol/l glucose .
the preparation was equilibrated by perfusion for 15 minutes with a buffer [having] 7.9 mmol/l glucose .

After the equilibration period the perfusion medium was changed to buffer containing 15.8 mmol/l glucose and sampling started for a further 30 minute period .
after the equilibration period the perfusion medium was changed to buffer [having] 15.8 mmol/l glucose and sampling started for a further 30 minute period .

The gastric mucosa was scraped off by means of two glass slides on ice , and homogenised with 1.5 ml of 10 mM potassium phosphate buffer ( pH 7.8 ) containing 30 mM KCl in a Potter-Elvehjem homogeniser , to measure concentrations of lipid peroxides and tocopherols .
the gastric mucosa was scraped off by means of two glass slides on ice , and homogenised with 1.5 ml of 10 mm potassium phosphate buffer ( ph 7.8 ) [having] 30 mm kcl in a potter-elvehjem homogeniser , to measure concentrations of lipid peroxides and tocopherols .

These results have recently been confirmed in a prospective study and show the superiority of the methotrexate containing regimen , leading to its recommendation as the gold standard for all future gastric carcinoma trials .
these results have recently been confirmed in a prospective study and show the superiority of the methotrexate [having] regimen , leading to its recommendation as the gold standard for all future gastric carcinoma trials .

Members of the Company of Fellows , under the direction of distributed ballot papers containing the nominations as follows :
members of the company of fellows , under the direction of distributed ballot papers [having] the nominations as follows :

Our embalming supplies companies have produced a ‘ Dositube ’ which is a glass tube containing a substance which samples the air and changes colour progressively according to the amount of formaldehyde gas present in the atmosphere of the theatre .
our embalming supplies companies have produced a ‘ dositube ’ which is a glass tube [having] a substance which samples the air and changes colour progressively according to the amount of formaldehyde gas present in the atmosphere of the theatre .

Figure 2 shows a typical BstN1 digest containing examples of both mutant and wild type K-rase alleles .
figure 2 shows a typical bstn1 digest [having] examples of both mutant and wild type k-rase alleles .

At 0830 h , after an overnight fast ( from 2200 h on the evening before the test ) each subject ingested 200 ml water containing 10 g lactulose ( Duphalac-Duphar , Holland ) , 20 g dextrose , 40 mBQ 9 9 m Tc-sulphur colloid and 50 radio-opaque plastic markers over a period of 2 minutes .
at 0830 h , after an overnight fast ( from 2200 h on the evening before the test ) each subject ingested 200 ml water [having] 10 g lactulose ( duphalac-duphar , holland ) , 20 g dextrose , 40 mbq 9 9 m tc-sulphur colloid and 50 radio-opaque plastic markers over a period of 2 minutes .

Clinical scores rose in 6/10 patients , anti-diarrhoeal drugs were used in 3/10 , and opiate containing preparation in a further five .
clinical scores rose in 6/10 patients , anti-diarrhoeal drugs were used in 3/10 , and opiate [having] preparation in a further five .

Oesophageal pressures were measured with a low compliance perfused catheter system ( Arndorfer Medical Specialists , Greendale , Wisconsin ) containing six lumens .
oesophageal pressures were measured with a low compliance perfused catheter system ( arndorfer medical specialists , greendale , wisconsin ) [having] six lumens .

At the same time as blood was obtained for leukocyte labelling , 10 ml were dispensed into 40 ml of citrate-phosphate-dextrose solution containing trisodium citrate dihydrate 3 ( w/v ) ; sodium dihydrogen phosphate 0.015 ( w/v ) ; dextrose 0.2 ( w/v ) at pH of 6.9 .
at the same time as blood was obtained for leukocyte labelling , 10 ml were dispensed into 40 ml of citrate-phosphate-dextrose solution [having] trisodium citrate dihydrate 3 ( w/v ) ; sodium dihydrogen phosphate 0.015 ( w/v ) ; dextrose 0.2 ( w/v ) at ph of 6.9 .

Strips of the distal internal anal sphincter measuring 1×1×10 mm and containing parallel muscle bundles were prepared and mounted for isometric tension recording in superfusion organ baths ( capacity 0.2 ml ) .
strips of the distal internal anal sphincter measuring 1×1×10 mm and [having] parallel muscle bundles were prepared and mounted for isometric tension recording in superfusion organ baths ( capacity 0.2 ml ) .

Group 1 comprised 12 children who were not healed ( mean age 11.3 , range 5–18 years , girl : boy 1:1 ) on a gluten containing diet .
group 1 comprised 12 children who were not healed ( mean age 11.3 , range 5–18 years , girl : boy 1:1 ) on a gluten [having] diet .

The main anthranoid containing herbal drugs that are used as stimulant laxatives are senna , aloe , cascara , frangula , and rhubarb .
the main anthranoid [having] herbal drugs that are used as stimulant laxatives are senna , aloe , cascara , frangula , and rhubarb .

From these data a relative risk of 3.04 ( 1.18 , 4.90 ; 95% confidence interval ) for colorectal cancer can be calculated for patients who misuse anthranoid containing laxatives .
from these data a relative risk of 3.04 ( 1.18 , 4.90 ; 95% confidence interval ) for colorectal cancer can be calculated for patients who misuse anthranoid [having] laxatives .

An 18 year old girl treated for five years with a lazative containing danthrone died from a leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine .
an 18 year old girl treated for five years with a lazative [having] danthrone died from a leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine .

These included elongation , notching or convolution of the nucleus , proliferation of rough endoplasmic reticulum , and electron lucent cytoplasm containing prominent 6–10 nm filaments with prominent focal densities .
these included elongation , notching or convolution of the nucleus , proliferation of rough endoplasmic reticulum , and electron lucent cytoplasm [having] prominent 6–10 nm filaments with prominent focal densities .

The mucosa at the small curvature and at the antrum still showed some areas with slightly red swollen mucosa containing white ‘ point like ’ fibrin patches .
the mucosa at the small curvature and at the antrum still showed some areas with slightly red swollen mucosa [having] white ‘ point like ’ fibrin patches .

The addition of phosphatidylcholines containing various fatty acids ( see methods ) , produced the following results .
the addition of phosphatidylcholines [having] various fatty acids ( see methods ) , produced the following results .

We used egg lecithin which is a mixture of lecithins containing mostly unsaturated fatty acids in the sn-2 position .
we used egg lecithin which is a mixture of lecithins [having] mostly unsaturated fatty acids in the sn-2 position .

This study shows that using a prognostic equation containing only three variables : encephalopathy , prothrombin time , and the number of blood units transfused within 72 hours , specific outcome ( survival or death as a result of liver failure or exsanguination ) within six weeks of the first variceal haemorrhage of cirrhotic patients could be predicted in at least 89 % of the cases .
this study shows that using a prognostic equation [having] only three variables : encephalopathy , prothrombin time , and the number of blood units transfused within 72 hours , specific outcome ( survival or death as a result of liver failure or exsanguination ) within six weeks of the first variceal haemorrhage of cirrhotic patients could be predicted in at least 89 % of the cases .

The jejunum was perfused under steady state conditions with a plasma like electrolyte solution containing polyethlene glycol as a non-absorbable volume marker .
the jejunum was perfused under steady state conditions with a plasma like electrolyte solution [having] polyethlene glycol as a non-absorbable volume marker .

Specimens of distal ileal mucosa containing Peyer 's patches identified macroscopically , and mesenteric lymph nodes , were obtained from seven organ donors with maintained peripheral circulation ( age 10–47 years ) and from one patient ( age 57 years ) with cancer of the ascending colon .
specimens of distal ileal mucosa [having] peyer 's patches identified macroscopically , and mesenteric lymph nodes , were obtained from seven organ donors with maintained peripheral circulation ( age 10–47 years ) and from one patient ( age 57 years ) with cancer of the ascending colon .

Mean orocaecal transit time of the test meal containing lactulose , assessed by hydrogen breath analysis was similar in the two patients groups : in patients without cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy it averaged 170 ( 19 ) minutes and in patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy 138 ( 19 ) minutes .
mean orocaecal transit time of the test meal [having] lactulose , assessed by hydrogen breath analysis was similar in the two patients groups : in patients without cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy it averaged 170 ( 19 ) minutes and in patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy 138 ( 19 ) minutes .

Breath hydrogen analysis after oral lactulose containing meals is an easy , non-invasive , bedside test to measure mouth-to-caecum transit time .
breath hydrogen analysis after oral lactulose [having] meals is an easy , non-invasive , bedside test to measure mouth-to-caecum transit time .

For lysozyme , cells containing mRNA actively synthesise lysozyme protein , while other cells ( such as mature neutrophils ) store pre-formed lysozyme protein in granules , without any mRNA being present .
for lysozyme , cells [having] mrna actively synthesise lysozyme protein , while other cells ( such as mature neutrophils ) store pre-formed lysozyme protein in granules , without any mrna being present .

In 1989 , it was decided to change peptic ulcer drugs containing cimetidine , ranitidine or sucralfate in general use from prescription drugs to over the counter distribution .
in 1989 , it was decided to change peptic ulcer drugs [having] cimetidine , ranitidine or sucralfate in general use from prescription drugs to over the counter distribution .

Electron microscopy has shown these pits to be vacuoles containing ferritin , haemoglobin and mitochondrial remnants .
electron microscopy has shown these pits to be vacuoles [having] ferritin , haemoglobin and mitochondrial remnants .

The suggestion that there might be a ‘ precoeliac ’ state was first made by Weinstein who described two patients with dermatitis herpetiformis and normal jejunal biopsies in whom typical coeliac like enteropathy developed some weeks after 20 g gluten was added to their already gluten containing diet .
the suggestion that there might be a ‘ precoeliac ’ state was first made by weinstein who described two patients with dermatitis herpetiformis and normal jejunal biopsies in whom typical coeliac like enteropathy developed some weeks after 20 g gluten was added to their already gluten [having] diet .

The number of abnormal subareas — that is , those subareas containing fewer than six dots — were also analysed for differences between the two groups .
the number of abnormal subareas — that is , those subareas [having] fewer than six dots — were also analysed for differences between the two groups .

The chambers themselves were bleak , containing truckle beds , a few pieces of furniture , a table and a bowl and jug for washing .
the chambers themselves were bleak , [having] truckle beds , a few pieces of furniture , a table and a bowl and jug for washing .

When he took his seat , the trumpets blew and the dinner was served by a long line of servants who carried in plates of steaming hot boar 's meat , brawn , beef , sturgeon , fish , bowls of cream containing sugared strawberries , and jug after jug of different wines .
when he took his seat , the trumpets blew and the dinner was served by a long line of servants who carried in plates of steaming hot boar 's meat , brawn , beef , sturgeon , fish , bowls of cream [having] sugared strawberries , and jug after jug of different wines .

In just three months , Kaliber was reformulated for the Spanish market and launched by Cruzcampo in July 1992 as Kaliber Sin , containing 1 per cent alcohol In the six months since its launch , sales of Kaliber Sin have been double original expectations .
in just three months , kaliber was reformulated for the spanish market and launched by cruzcampo in july 1992 as kaliber sin , [having] 1 per cent alcohol in the six months since its launch , sales of kaliber sin have been double original expectations .

each containing
each [having]

However , other research has shown that in addition to the mean level of risk observed from a sample of portfolios containing the same number of randomly selected shares , the standard deviation also has to be taken into account .
however , other research has shown that in addition to the mean level of risk observed from a sample of portfolios [having] the same number of randomly selected shares , the standard deviation also has to be taken into account .

It was only two or three inches deep , more like a tray divided into sections containing a neat arrangement of pins , paperclips and other small office requisites .
it was only two or three inches deep , more like a tray divided into sections [having] a neat arrangement of pins , paperclips and other small office requisites .

Mugs containing the congealed remains of tea and coffee stood in the sink , on the draining-board was an ashtray filled with cigarette butts and the smell of stale tobacco smoke hung in the air .
mugs [having] the congealed remains of tea and coffee stood in the sink , on the draining-board was an ashtray filled with cigarette butts and the smell of stale tobacco smoke hung in the air .

She had spread a newspaper on the chancel steps to receive the discarded items and next to it , arranged neatly side by side , were her handbag , a pair of scissors and a flat basket containing some sprays of foliage and white carnations .
she had spread a newspaper on the chancel steps to receive the discarded items and next to it , arranged neatly side by side , were her handbag , a pair of scissors and a flat basket [having] some sprays of foliage and white carnations .

Departmental sections then followed , each with a list of recommendations and a short section containing the principal recommendations was included at the end .
departmental sections then followed , each with a list of recommendations and a short section [having] the principal recommendations was included at the end .

In Figure 7.2 operations are indicated by circles containing code numbers referring to company standards or special instructions and identifying the sequence in which they are to be performed .
in figure 7.2 operations are indicated by circles [having] code numbers referring to company standards or special instructions and identifying the sequence in which they are to be performed .

The use of this structured form of communication has enabled Figure 11.2 to be reproduced by transmitting seven lines , each containing a mnemonic and a set of alphanumeric symbols in an order indicated by the mnemonic .
the use of this structured form of communication has enabled figure 11.2 to be reproduced by transmitting seven lines , each [having] a mnemonic and a set of alphanumeric symbols in an order indicated by the mnemonic .

It is pointed out , quite correctly , that an egg which consisted of a bag of water containing all the necessary genes would not develop : other structures and substances are needed .
it is pointed out , quite correctly , that an egg which consisted of a bag of water [having] all the necessary genes would not develop : other structures and substances are needed .

The cells of eukaryotes have a nucleus , surrounded by a membrane , and containing a number of rod-shaped chromosomes .
the cells of eukaryotes have a nucleus , surrounded by a membrane , and [having] a number of rod-shaped chromosomes .

In the human brain , the most conspicuous structure , overlying the rest , is the cerebral cortex , a folded sheet of tissue , some one and a half square feet in area if spread flat , containing layers of neurones and their processes .
in the human brain , the most conspicuous structure , overlying the rest , is the cerebral cortex , a folded sheet of tissue , some one and a half square feet in area if spread flat , [having] layers of neurones and their processes .

This view avoids the necessity of explaining how an increase in complexity can occur by denying that it happens , but only at the expense of supposing not only that there is a minute homunculus in the egg but that within that homonculus there is an egg containing a still more minute homonculus , and so on , in Chinese box fashion , ad infinitum — or , if not ad infinitum , at least back to Eve , who carried within her a sufficient number of successively smaller homunculi to account for all the future generations of mankind .
this view avoids the necessity of explaining how an increase in complexity can occur by denying that it happens , but only at the expense of supposing not only that there is a minute homunculus in the egg but that within that homonculus there is an egg [having] a still more minute homonculus , and so on , in chinese box fashion , ad infinitum — or , if not ad infinitum , at least back to eve , who carried within her a sufficient number of successively smaller homunculi to account for all the future generations of mankind .

At night , carriages containing prostitutes and their clients would come hurtling out of the park towards the entrance , and they could come from two directions .
at night , carriages [having] prostitutes and their clients would come hurtling out of the park towards the entrance , and they could come from two directions .

Elisabeth stopped to examine the contents of a case containing the paraphernalia of marriage and its consummation , represented by illuminated bonds exchanged between families , and little crowns worn by the island brides .
elisabeth stopped to examine the contents of a case [having] the paraphernalia of marriage and its consummation , represented by illuminated bonds exchanged between families , and little crowns worn by the island brides .

Her legs brought her to a halt in front of a glass case containing a Leeds dinner-service .
her legs brought her to a halt in front of a glass case [having] a leeds dinner-service .

Elisabeth was hot ; she took off her raincoat , set down the knapsack containing her lunch and some books and sat down on the bench opposite a thicket of hazel , through which a path had been cut .
elisabeth was hot ; she took off her raincoat , set down the knapsack [having] her lunch and some books and sat down on the bench opposite a thicket of hazel , through which a path had been cut .

He stood , kissed Fiona , picked up the box containing his silver bowl and waited for obedience from his sons , his daughter-in-law and his prospective biographer .
he stood , kissed fiona , picked up the box [having] his silver bowl and waited for obedience from his sons , his daughter-in-law and his prospective biographer .

The records showed that the heavenly bodies subdivided into two groups : the Sun , the Moon and the containing sphere of the background stars orbited the earth in near circular paths .
the records showed that the heavenly bodies subdivided into two groups : the sun , the moon and the [having] sphere of the background stars orbited the earth in near circular paths .

When the energy centres of both drawing and containing rectangle correspond , attention is focused upon the content of the drawing .
when the energy centres of both drawing and [having] rectangle correspond , attention is focused upon the content of the drawing .

Most cultures recognise three broad stages of development , in both the individual and the group : ( a ) Primitive response to nature : Nature is accepted as containing all systems of order and mankind attempts its interpretation by immediate response to its stimuli .
most cultures recognise three broad stages of development , in both the individual and the group : ( a ) primitive response to nature : nature is accepted as [having] all systems of order and mankind attempts its interpretation by immediate response to its stimuli .

He found that he could direct a free horse to choose the correct feed bucket — the one containing oats whilst the others were empty — by visualising in his own mind the oats lying in the bottom of the bucket .
he found that he could direct a free horse to choose the correct feed bucket — the one [having] oats whilst the others were empty — by visualising in his own mind the oats lying in the bottom of the bucket .

And apart from the peculiarities of the relationship with the German Democratic Republic , the structural problems of the West German State are in the main those common to most ( and less acute than in many ) advanced capitalist industrial societies of the present : problems of social equality and distribution of wealth , and of maintaining in an era of world-wide recession the economic growth so central to the legitimacy of post-war liberal democracies ; problems of the exploitation ( and often ruination ) of limited natural resources in the interests of the economy ; problems of national defence in a nuclear age ; and the corresponding problems of containing and absorbing often justified social and political protest without destroying civil liberties and undermining the very essence of the liberal democratic state .
and apart from the peculiarities of the relationship with the german democratic republic , the structural problems of the west german state are in the main those common to most ( and less acute than in many ) advanced capitalist industrial societies of the present : problems of social equality and distribution of wealth , and of maintaining in an era of world-wide recession the economic growth so central to the legitimacy of post-war liberal democracies ; problems of the exploitation ( and often ruination ) of limited natural resources in the interests of the economy ; problems of national defence in a nuclear age ; and the corresponding problems of [having] and absorbing often justified social and political protest without destroying civil liberties and undermining the very essence of the liberal democratic state .

Malcolm Parkes has powerfully suggested that an eighth-century Fulda manuscript , containing the Epistle of St James , has been glossed in the very handwriting of St Boniface .
malcolm parkes has powerfully suggested that an eighth-century fulda manuscript , [having] the epistle of st james , has been glossed in the very handwriting of st boniface .

Soon we reached the shrine , a car-park-like space beside the road in which stood a large glass tank containing a painted figure of Mary looking with pity on Jesus crucified .
soon we reached the shrine , a car-park-like space beside the road in which stood a large glass tank [having] a painted figure of mary looking with pity on jesus crucified .

‘ It 's almost impossible to sell anything to do with politics ’ , said Mr Weston , barely containing his excitement ; ‘ but North touches a deep wellspring in the American spirit .
‘ it 's almost impossible to sell anything to do with politics ’ , said mr weston , barely [having] his excitement ; ‘ but north touches a deep wellspring in the american spirit .

At the bottom of the garden , under the cherry trees , Isabel saw the low mound of earth , below which , two or three feet below , was the cardboard box , containing Faith 's pieces of jewellery .
at the bottom of the garden , under the cherry trees , isabel saw the low mound of earth , below which , two or three feet below , was the cardboard box , [having] faith 's pieces of jewellery .

Files containing details of police call signs and radio frequencies were recovered from a flat in Hounslow , west London , as police yesterday launched the latest phase of their continuing crackdown on burglary in the capital .
files [having] details of police call signs and radio frequencies were recovered from a flat in hounslow , west london , as police yesterday launched the latest phase of their continuing crackdown on burglary in the capital .

Liverpool was a curiously sensitive man who presided with firmness and tact over a series of Cabinets containing men of greater ability , several of them future prime ministers .
liverpool was a curiously sensitive man who presided with firmness and tact over a series of cabinets [having] men of greater ability , several of them future prime ministers .

The researchers selected 35 people who ate spicy food regularly and gave 19 of them 32 solutions containing different amounts of capsaicin and sugar .
the researchers selected 35 people who ate spicy food regularly and gave 19 of them 32 solutions [having] different amounts of capsaicin and sugar .

Certainly from the rapturous reception when he walked on court and the sympathetic response after a performance containing too many embarrassingly bad moments , Borg can rightly claim that people still want to see him play . Yet for how long ?
certainly from the rapturous reception when he walked on court and the sympathetic response after a performance [having] too many embarrassingly bad moments , borg can rightly claim that people still want to see him play . yet for how long ?

To put the level of risk in perspective , one study concluded that anyone standing all day at a busy roadside with traffic containing 20 per cent diesel would be exposed to 1,000 times less benzo(a)pyrene than somebody smoking 10 to 15 cigarettes a day .
to put the level of risk in perspective , one study concluded that anyone standing all day at a busy roadside with traffic [having] 20 per cent diesel would be exposed to 1,000 times less benzo(a)pyrene than somebody smoking 10 to 15 cigarettes a day .

Using an advanced form of chromatography , the protein is separated by passing the bacteria through a column containing agarose , a seaweed-based material .
using an advanced form of chromatography , the protein is separated by passing the bacteria through a column [having] agarose , a seaweed-based material .

Many historic buildings in the old city of Don Juan and Carmen will have been repaired and the Expo site , across the River Guadalquivir from the city centre and containing four million sq ft of new buildings , is scheduled to survive as a science park .
many historic buildings in the old city of don juan and carmen will have been repaired and the expo site , across the river guadalquivir from the city centre and [having] four million sq ft of new buildings , is scheduled to survive as a science park .

Coffee decaffeinated by chemicals is generally thought to be as harmful as the beans containing caffeine , so always look for the water processed decaffeinated coffee .
coffee decaffeinated by chemicals is generally thought to be as harmful as the beans [having] caffeine , so always look for the water processed decaffeinated coffee .

This is no longer true and tea-bags are now available containing teas from selected estates according to the best crop available at the time of packing .
this is no longer true and tea-bags are now available [having] teas from selected estates according to the best crop available at the time of packing .

The same principle is still used , to a lesser degree , where vegetables containing bitter juices , such as aubergines and courgettes , are sprinkled with salt and then left until the juices have been drawn from the flesh .
the same principle is still used , to a lesser degree , where vegetables [having] bitter juices , such as aubergines and courgettes , are sprinkled with salt and then left until the juices have been drawn from the flesh .

These mustards are usually from Dusseldorf and are similar to Bordeaux varieties , often containing herbs and spices .
these mustards are usually from dusseldorf and are similar to bordeaux varieties , often [having] herbs and spices .

all are referred to as surface-ripened , containing bacteria on their developing white rinds .
all are referred to as surface-ripened , [having] bacteria on their developing white rinds .

* Always add the pasta to a very large pan containing plenty of boiling , salted water .
* always add the pasta to a very large pan [having] plenty of boiling , salted water .

is a dried pod containing anise seeds .
is a dried pod [having] anise seeds .

Under the three perfect gables are three towers , one containing the stairs which Amanda Feilding , who grew up here , describes as ‘ pivoting around a central column , all of oak .
under the three perfect gables are three towers , one [having] the stairs which amanda feilding , who grew up here , describes as ‘ pivoting around a central column , all of oak .

The building of Winston Grange , containing the first flush lavatory in Suffolk , proved a triumph , for in 1860 the third incumbent , a Reverend Mundiford Allen , became one of the best and most loved vicars in East Anglia , and although he died and was buried here in 1910 , stories of his virtue and kindness are still rife .
the building of winston grange , [having] the first flush lavatory in suffolk , proved a triumph , for in 1860 the third incumbent , a reverend mundiford allen , became one of the best and most loved vicars in east anglia , and although he died and was buried here in 1910 , stories of his virtue and kindness are still rife .

He became especially good as a one-day containing bowler , playing a big part in his county 's successes , and contributing many useful , if very idiosyncratic , lower middle order runs ; while his Test bowling average was declining , his batting figure was improving all the time , and reached a handy 21 .
he became especially good as a one-day [having] bowler , playing a big part in his county 's successes , and contributing many useful , if very idiosyncratic , lower middle order runs ; while his test bowling average was declining , his batting figure was improving all the time , and reached a handy 21 .

As the Lent term progressed , besides his letters to Helen and Harry ( containing verses , some of which survive ) and his quick recovery from his failure to gain an entrance scholarship to Merton , he had renewed an acquaintance with MacAlister — an old Pauline friend — who visited him each Sunday .
as the lent term progressed , besides his letters to helen and harry ( [having] verses , some of which survive ) and his quick recovery from his failure to gain an entrance scholarship to merton , he had renewed an acquaintance with macalister — an old pauline friend — who visited him each sunday .

But what if America bans wine containing traces of a pesticide banned there but used in Europe ?
but what if america bans wine [having] traces of a pesticide banned there but used in europe ?

It provided for a ban on imports of ozone-gobbling chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , of products containing CFCs , and of products which used CFCs in their manufacturing process .
it provided for a ban on imports of ozone-gobbling chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) , of products [having] cfcs , and of products which used cfcs in their manufacturing process .

The American embassy in Beijing is said to have received envelopes containing a few yuan as contributions from ordinary Chinese to the war effort ; and young would-be volunteer fighters have offered their services at the Kuwaiti and Saudi embassies .
the american embassy in beijing is said to have received envelopes [having] a few yuan as contributions from ordinary chinese to the war effort ; and young would-be volunteer fighters have offered their services at the kuwaiti and saudi embassies .

Some 300,000 accounts , containing $ 1.7 billion of deposits , are affected by the temporary closures , which in effect froze the accounts .
some 300,000 accounts , [having] $ 1.7 billion of deposits , are affected by the temporary closures , which in effect froze the accounts .

According to the round-table agreement with the now defunct communist party , Mr Mazowiecki 's government , containing communist interior , defence and foreign-trade ministers and working under a communist president , was to last until 1993 .
according to the round-table agreement with the now defunct communist party , mr mazowiecki 's government , [having] communist interior , defence and foreign-trade ministers and working under a communist president , was to last until 1993 .

Today America must be able to look to Europe for support in containing less predictable threats to the values they have in common from outside Europe .
today america must be able to look to europe for support in [having] less predictable threats to the values they have in common from outside europe .

Mr Williams 's central argument can be tested by listening to ‘ Bob Dylan : The Bootleg Series ’ ** , a set of five albums containing many rare and unreleased recordings from all periods of his career .
mr williams 's central argument can be tested by listening to ‘ bob dylan : the bootleg series ’ ** , a set of five albums [having] many rare and unreleased recordings from all periods of his career .

Suppliers like Educorp and Somak Software bundle up discs containing SoundMaster and libraries of sounds , including the favourites mentioned above .
suppliers like educorp and somak software bundle up discs [having] soundmaster and libraries of sounds , including the favourites mentioned above .

Still , it 's very good , and subscribers get a disc containing at least one font with every issue .
still , it 's very good , and subscribers get a disc [having] at least one font with every issue .

Oldham took up the attack again and Barlow , who had a fine match at left-back , totally containing Rocastle , floated in a deep cross beyond Winterburn .
oldham took up the attack again and barlow , who had a fine match at left-back , totally [having] rocastle , floated in a deep cross beyond winterburn .

Dr Pentreath said there would now need to be two registers , each containing data derived from two organisations thus confusing the public and independent groups and undermining public confidence .
dr pentreath said there would now need to be two registers , each [having] data derived from two organisations thus confusing the public and independent groups and undermining public confidence .

Dr Clark was now seen hastily abandoning all those notes , containing all the furious denunciations that he had prepared earlier .
dr clark was now seen hastily abandoning all those notes , [having] all the furious denunciations that he had prepared earlier .

Even they have reservations , however , emphasising that routes containing inaccurate information should be ‘ highlighted ’ .
even they have reservations , however , emphasising that routes [having] inaccurate information should be ‘ highlighted ’ .

Nearby is St Mary 's ( the old abbey church ) , still without benefit of electricity and containing a wonderful triple-decker pulpit and box pews built from wrecks and gouged with Jacobean graffiti .
nearby is st mary 's ( the old abbey church ) , still without benefit of electricity and [having] a wonderful triple-decker pulpit and box pews built from wrecks and gouged with jacobean graffiti .

It is the deepest ( one mile ) , oldest ( 20 million years ) and volumetrically largest lake in the world , containing about one-fifth of the world 's reserves of fresh water .
it is the deepest ( one mile ) , oldest ( 20 million years ) and volumetrically largest lake in the world , [having] about one-fifth of the world 's reserves of fresh water .

When it was opened by Customs officers a crate containing cannabis with a street value of £2.5 million was found in the back .
when it was opened by customs officers a crate [having] cannabis with a street value of £2.5 million was found in the back .

Rasari , a soldier with the United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon , had already scored two tries with his huge lopping stride in a one-sided 28–4 victory over Australia in the semi-final and one in a 22–6 win against a French side containing Sella , Viars and Cabannes .
rasari , a soldier with the united nations peacekeeping force in lebanon , had already scored two tries with his huge lopping stride in a one-sided 28–4 victory over australia in the semi-final and one in a 22–6 win against a french side [having] sella , viars and cabannes .

Jos Hermens , agent and manager to Krabbe and Breuer , said later : ‘ The pack [ containing the samples ] that was used was not meant for doping control .
jos hermens , agent and manager to krabbe and breuer , said later : ‘ the pack [ [having] the samples ] that was used was not meant for doping control .

The Scarlet Ibis comes from forested wetlands of Central America , where it feeds on invertebrate animals containing the pigment carotene , which gives the birds their gorgeous plumage colour .
the scarlet ibis comes from forested wetlands of central america , where it feeds on invertebrate animals [having] the pigment carotene , which gives the birds their gorgeous plumage colour .

Flints containing sponges may be incorporated into younger sediments ( they are then known as derived fossils ) , and it is not unusual for such flints to be dug up in suburban gardens around London — a long journey from the Cretaceous seas .
flints [having] sponges may be incorporated into younger sediments ( they are then known as derived fossils ) , and it is not unusual for such flints to be dug up in suburban gardens around london — a long journey from the cretaceous seas .

Consequently there are arguments among botanists about the relationships of many plants , living and fossil , and some classifications have quite large categories containing only a few plants , which may be rare .
consequently there are arguments among botanists about the relationships of many plants , living and fossil , and some classifications have quite large categories [having] only a few plants , which may be rare .

The distinctive patterns formed by leaf scars are visible on fossils of the bark , which is often found in coal and in the deposits overlying ones containing roots .
the distinctive patterns formed by leaf scars are visible on fossils of the bark , which is often found in coal and in the deposits overlying ones [having] roots .

The fir cones of modern species will be familiar to the reader , often littering forests in their thousands , and containing seeds , which may be equipped with wings .
the fir cones of modern species will be familiar to the reader , often littering forests in their thousands , and [having] seeds , which may be equipped with wings .

Altogether 63 waters containing toxic algal blooms were identified by the National Rivers Authority , 37 of them in Anglian Region and 10 in the South West .
altogether 63 waters [having] toxic algal blooms were identified by the national rivers authority , 37 of them in anglian region and 10 in the south west .

He took Mould to the room without any floorboards , and helped him piece together a bizarre contraption containing metal beams , weights and cogs .
he took mould to the room without any floorboards , and helped him piece together a bizarre contraption [having] metal beams , weights and cogs .

Calcareous soils are freely drained soils containing free calcium carbonate within the profile .
calcareous soils are freely drained soils [having] free calcium carbonate within the profile .

The distinction between a mire or bog association containing ericaceous plants and a heathland proper may not be altogether obvious , but the heath vegetation described under this heading tends to occur in drier habitats .
the distinction between a mire or bog association [having] ericaceous plants and a heathland proper may not be altogether obvious , but the heath vegetation described under this heading tends to occur in drier habitats .

This community is probably the result of cereal cultivation Another distinctive weed community occurs after the cultivation of potatoes , containing Myosotis arvensis , Sinapis arvensis , Stellaria medua , Sonchus asper and Papaver rhoeas , with a smaller component of Viola tricolor .
this community is probably the result of cereal cultivation another distinctive weed community occurs after the cultivation of potatoes , [having] myosotis arvensis , sinapis arvensis , stellaria medua , sonchus asper and papaver rhoeas , with a smaller component of viola tricolor .

It is already widely-known that sailors suffered the dreaded disease of scurvy ( in Gaelic ) , which could be counteracted by eating the food containing the appropriate substance , ascorbic acid .
it is already widely-known that sailors suffered the dreaded disease of scurvy ( in gaelic ) , which could be counteracted by eating the food [having] the appropriate substance , ascorbic acid .

This is an area of open parkland with mature trees with a lake and arboretum containing a collection of young maples and oaks .
this is an area of open parkland with mature trees with a lake and arboretum [having] a collection of young maples and oaks .

Their task of containing their adversaries , without committing themselves to outright attack , had been well and truly done .
their task of [having] their adversaries , without committing themselves to outright attack , had been well and truly done .

Oxygen is extremely reactive , and any that appeared in an atmosphere containing ammonia , hydrogen cyanide , and the rest , would immediately have reacted with them .
oxygen is extremely reactive , and any that appeared in an atmosphere [having] ammonia , hydrogen cyanide , and the rest , would immediately have reacted with them .

All living things on Earth are composed of cells sometimes just a single cell , but sometimes ( as in dogs , humans , or oak trees ) containing billions of cells .
all living things on earth are composed of cells sometimes just a single cell , but sometimes ( as in dogs , humans , or oak trees ) [having] billions of cells .

Plant cells carry chloroplasts : organelles containing the pigment chlorophyll , which they employ to entrap sunlight .
plant cells carry chloroplasts : organelles [having] the pigment chlorophyll , which they employ to entrap sunlight .

Such are the nematocysts of sea anemones : cells containing a coiled spring filament with a harpoon on the end .
such are the nematocysts of sea anemones : cells [having] a coiled spring filament with a harpoon on the end .

Many such creatures increase in size by segmentation , each segment containing a batch of similar organs , legs , excretory devices , and reproductive organs , so that each is partially independent of the remainder .
many such creatures increase in size by segmentation , each segment [having] a batch of similar organs , legs , excretory devices , and reproductive organs , so that each is partially independent of the remainder .

Gorillas move about in small parties usually containing one large adult ‘ grey-back ’ male .
gorillas move about in small parties usually [having] one large adult ‘ grey-back ’ male .

Once this point has been reached there will be a rapid reduction in the number of non-reproductive males , and the large units will be broken up into a number of smaller ones , in part through takeovers and in part through fission of units containing followers .
once this point has been reached there will be a rapid reduction in the number of non-reproductive males , and the large units will be broken up into a number of smaller ones , in part through takeovers and in part through fission of units [having] followers .

Young animals usually do not get territories containing females for some time .
young animals usually do not get territories [having] females for some time .

Different types of societal structure containing ‘ harems ’ are related to contrasting ecological conditions and social pressures arising from competition .
different types of societal structure [having] ‘ harems ’ are related to contrasting ecological conditions and social pressures arising from competition .

Such a theory would seem to support the notion of two distinct orientations of dramatic playing and performing , but Stanislavsky 's theory of acting seems to embrace both modes , leading us to consider the model as dialectic , each mode containing the seed of its opposite .
such a theory would seem to support the notion of two distinct orientations of dramatic playing and performing , but stanislavsky 's theory of acting seems to embrace both modes , leading us to consider the model as dialectic , each mode [having] the seed of its opposite .

His thought is best conveyed through some of his published sermons , although his most important work , containing the idea of probability as the guide to life , is The Analogy of Religion .
his thought is best conveyed through some of his published sermons , although his most important work , [having] the idea of probability as the guide to life , is the analogy of religion .

The doctrine of the Trinity perfectly describes , they feel , the highest unity containing the highest inner complexity , represented by the idea of ‘ three persons in one substance ’ .
the doctrine of the trinity perfectly describes , they feel , the highest unity [having] the highest inner complexity , represented by the idea of ‘ three persons in one substance ’ .

Containing the latest details on the information you requested
[having] the latest details on the information you requested

Perhaps more facts and information can be consigned to a separate supporting document containing appendices material only .
perhaps more facts and information can be consigned to a separate supporting document [having] appendices material only .

We will send you a regular helpful magazine containing exclusive money-saving offers .
we will send you a regular helpful magazine [having] exclusive money-saving offers .

Keywords : Any page of text containing between 250 and 350 words probably has no more than ten key words relevant to what you need to know .
keywords : any page of text [having] between 250 and 350 words probably has no more than ten key words relevant to what you need to know .

He laid his cap , containing his gloves , upside-down on the locker .
he laid his cap , [having] his gloves , upside-down on the locker .

He took with him a towel and a bag , tied at the neck with a drawstring , a bag that bulged with jars and bottles , containing shampoos and pomades and lotions .
he took with him a towel and a bag , tied at the neck with a drawstring , a bag that bulged with jars and bottles , [having] shampoos and pomades and lotions .

Put the dish ( es ) into a roasting pan containing enough freshly boiled water to come halfway up the sides .
put the dish ( es ) into a roasting pan [having] enough freshly boiled water to come halfway up the sides .

If you have thread veins avoid facial steaming and do n't use any toner containing alcohol .
if you have thread veins avoid facial steaming and do n't use any toner [having] alcohol .

Interestingly , some , but not all , patients ( ‘ lithium responders ’ ) show a remission of symptoms when they take tablets containing lithium salts .
interestingly , some , but not all , patients ( ‘ lithium responders ’ ) show a remission of symptoms when they take tablets [having] lithium salts .

As an extra precaution , the kitchen has a ‘ shadow cabinet ’ containing all the knives and butchering implements .
as an extra precaution , the kitchen has a ‘ shadow cabinet ’ [having] all the knives and butchering implements .

Any new timber which is introduced into the treated areas in repair or replacement work should also be treated with preservative containing an insecticide .
any new timber which is introduced into the treated areas in repair or replacement work should also be treated with preservative [having] an insecticide .

With the exception of the stained-glass east window , all the original windows of diamond-shaped leaded lights set in wrought-iron frames were removed and replaced with purpose-made steel frames containing simple rectangular side-hung casements .
with the exception of the stained-glass east window , all the original windows of diamond-shaped leaded lights set in wrought-iron frames were removed and replaced with purpose-made steel frames [having] simple rectangular side-hung casements .

In a pattern of development which took the form of a circus containing a garden at the centre , with roads radiating towards the cardinal points , the land was divided into small plots which were developed by various builders between 1843 and 1850 .
in a pattern of development which took the form of a circus [having] a garden at the centre , with roads radiating towards the cardinal points , the land was divided into small plots which were developed by various builders between 1843 and 1850 .

The enlarged opaque panel thus formed below each of these ‘ paired lancet ’ windows was then perforated with a new opening containing a steel-framed French window to admit light to each living-room of the outer ranges of ground floor rooms ( Plate 27 ) .
the enlarged opaque panel thus formed below each of these ‘ paired lancet ’ windows was then perforated with a new opening [having] a steel-framed french window to admit light to each living-room of the outer ranges of ground floor rooms ( plate 27 ) .

When the mills of the North of England are referred to , we think immediately of the nineteenth-century factories which were built for the purpose of manufacturing yarn and textiles , rather than buildings containing corn-grinding machinery .
when the mills of the north of england are referred to , we think immediately of the nineteenth-century factories which were built for the purpose of manufacturing yarn and textiles , rather than buildings [having] corn-grinding machinery .

Made without unnecessary extravagance but containing action , spectacle and visual magic , they are films that spring out of the native culture but articulate a broad vision that can ring chords wherever they are shown .
made without unnecessary extravagance but [having] action , spectacle and visual magic , they are films that spring out of the native culture but articulate a broad vision that can ring chords wherever they are shown .

The other had nothing in it but some make-up , a purse containing two pounds and some silver and a packet of cigarettes .
the other had nothing in it but some make-up , a purse [having] two pounds and some silver and a packet of cigarettes .

They had searched Cullam 's house , grubbing through soiled unmade beds , cupboards full of clothes that smelt of food spills , drawers containing a jumble of broken rubbish .
they had searched cullam 's house , grubbing through soiled unmade beds , cupboards full of clothes that smelt of food spills , drawers [having] a jumble of broken rubbish .

Containing glycerine , sunflower oil and a blend of mineral oils , it is a great moisturiser and , being fragrance-free and lanolin-free , it 's ideal for sensitive skins .
[having] glycerine , sunflower oil and a blend of mineral oils , it is a great moisturiser and , being fragrance-free and lanolin-free , it 's ideal for sensitive skins .

Foods containing saturated fats should be avoided .
foods [having] saturated fats should be avoided .

This urn containing tulips has been aged with pinkish tones , while its base colour echoes that of the grape hyacinths .
this urn [having] tulips has been aged with pinkish tones , while its base colour echoes that of the grape hyacinths .

England won comfortably enough , as indeed they ought to have done against a team containing 10 players whose ages ranged between 16 and 21 , and one - Madan Lal — who lays claim to being 38 , despite the strong suspicion that ( were he as famous as Nehru ) the Centenary Trophy could just as easily have been named after him .
england won comfortably enough , as indeed they ought to have done against a team [having] 10 players whose ages ranged between 16 and 21 , and one - madan lal — who lays claim to being 38 , despite the strong suspicion that ( were he as famous as nehru ) the centenary trophy could just as easily have been named after him .

The markets still remain unsure whether interest rates are rising to keep the economy in check by containing consumer spending or whether they are rising to protect the pound in the international market .
the markets still remain unsure whether interest rates are rising to keep the economy in check by [having] consumer spending or whether they are rising to protect the pound in the international market .

It was in 1936 that the first American edition of Lionello Venturi 's History of Art Criticism was published , containing material which could equally have found a place in a book about art history .
it was in 1936 that the first american edition of lionello venturi 's history of art criticism was published , [having] material which could equally have found a place in a book about art history .

Delacroix 's journal is articulate , concerned with other arts as well as painting , besides containing much comment on contemporary life .
delacroix 's journal is articulate , concerned with other arts as well as painting , besides [having] much comment on contemporary life .

These examples of catalogues containing helpful art criticism could be contrasted with many others which are limited to lists of exhibitions , details of the artist 's career , and entries for the works displayed .
these examples of catalogues [having] helpful art criticism could be contrasted with many others which are limited to lists of exhibitions , details of the artist 's career , and entries for the works displayed .

wholemeal bread or high-fibre cereal such as breakfast cereal containing bran — for roughage , to help avoid constipation
wholemeal bread or high-fibre cereal such as breakfast cereal [having] bran — for roughage , to help avoid constipation

• Poke a carrot into beds containing old meadow loam .
• poke a carrot into beds [having] old meadow loam .

This is a formidable range , containing no less than 143 titled works ; the poems , stories , prefaces and essays of 29 authors ; and 41 works of criticism or related literature .
this is a formidable range , [having] no less than 143 titled works ; the poems , stories , prefaces and essays of 29 authors ; and 41 works of criticism or related literature .

This would mean containing within their state one million persons to whom such a national identity would be totally antithetical .
this would mean [having] within their state one million persons to whom such a national identity would be totally antithetical .

Complex carbohydrates are found in cereals , fruit and vegetables , while simple carbohydrates are found in white bread , white flour and any food containing white sugar .
complex carbohydrates are found in cereals , fruit and vegetables , while simple carbohydrates are found in white bread , white flour and any food [having] white sugar .

The police world is one of preventing , detaining ; arresting , stopping , containing , denying , and rebutting ; it is a world of diffused and hidden versions of reality where deflection is a prominent tool of the trade .
the police world is one of preventing , detaining ; arresting , stopping , [having] , denying , and rebutting ; it is a world of diffused and hidden versions of reality where deflection is a prominent tool of the trade .

Anything other than an uncritical acceptance is a direct challenge to the idea of the rule of law which has sustained the police since their inception and which argues that the replication of a known system of order is the best means of containing those who need to be controlled .
anything other than an uncritical acceptance is a direct challenge to the idea of the rule of law which has sustained the police since their inception and which argues that the replication of a known system of order is the best means of [having] those who need to be controlled .

Larger hotels may have a ball-burnisher , which is a rotating drum containing tiny ball-bearings , water and a corrosion inhibitor .
larger hotels may have a ball-burnisher , which is a rotating drum [having] tiny ball-bearings , water and a corrosion inhibitor .

Leave the instrument in a greenhouse containing well-watered plants on a sunny day for a few hours to get an idea of maximum deflection .
leave the instrument in a greenhouse [having] well-watered plants on a sunny day for a few hours to get an idea of maximum deflection .

Her reproductive role at this stage is simply to receive the male ejaculate containing the sperms , and to this end , during the period of sexual excitement before intercourse , various glands secrete mucus to aid lubrication and facilitate the insertion of the erect penis into the vagina .
her reproductive role at this stage is simply to receive the male ejaculate [having] the sperms , and to this end , during the period of sexual excitement before intercourse , various glands secrete mucus to aid lubrication and facilitate the insertion of the erect penis into the vagina .

Until just before the First World War , a strong decoction containing sarsaparilla , calomel , cinnabar , anise , fennel , senna , and liquorice was warmed up and taken in quart doses daily for ten days .
until just before the first world war , a strong decoction [having] sarsaparilla , calomel , cinnabar , anise , fennel , senna , and liquorice was warmed up and taken in quart doses daily for ten days .

This large pathology institute regularly sends out to all doctors in Denmark special packs containing a transport medium into which samples from patients suspected of having gonorrhoea can be inoculated .
this large pathology institute regularly sends out to all doctors in denmark special packs [having] a transport medium into which samples from patients suspected of having gonorrhoea can be inoculated .

If the mother is suffering from untreated gonorrhoea involving the cervix at the time of birth , then the baby will come into contact with secretions containing gonococci in its passage through the birth canal .
if the mother is suffering from untreated gonorrhoea involving the cervix at the time of birth , then the baby will come into contact with secretions [having] gonococci in its passage through the birth canal .

The oral contraceptive pill , particularly if containing much oestrogen , has an effect on the vagina similar to pregnancy .
the oral contraceptive pill , particularly if [having] much oestrogen , has an effect on the vagina similar to pregnancy .

Other factors encouraging the development of candidal infection , or making it more difficult to cope with , are treatment with drugs containing corticosteroids or those which depress the body 's natural immunity .
other factors encouraging the development of candidal infection , or making it more difficult to cope with , are treatment with drugs [having] corticosteroids or those which depress the body 's natural immunity .

Creams and ointments containing corticosteroids , because of their powerful anti-inflammatory action , can lessen the symptoms considerably but they also have the effect of damping down the body 's natural defence and , in theory , could lead to the spread of the infection , with potentially fatal results in a primary attack when there is no natural immunity at all .
creams and ointments [having] corticosteroids , because of their powerful anti-inflammatory action , can lessen the symptoms considerably but they also have the effect of damping down the body 's natural defence and , in theory , could lead to the spread of the infection , with potentially fatal results in a primary attack when there is no natural immunity at all .

The nits , also brown in colour , can be seen attached to the pubic hair , and examination with a magnifying glass will distinguish those containing a developing larva , which takes a week before it leaves the egg , from those which have already been vacated .
the nits , also brown in colour , can be seen attached to the pubic hair , and examination with a magnifying glass will distinguish those [having] a developing larva , which takes a week before it leaves the egg , from those which have already been vacated .

You can create your own large scale charts , with a geographic grid if desired , containing specialist detail not recorded on published charts .
you can create your own large scale charts , with a geographic grid if desired , [having] specialist detail not recorded on published charts .

Slimming pills containing high levels of guar and locust bean gums are to be banned as potential health risks , the Ministry of Agriculture has announced .
slimming pills [having] high levels of guar and locust bean gums are to be banned as potential health risks , the ministry of agriculture has announced .

Vidal Sassoon 's Wash and Go ( £1.59 , 200ml ) is a new concept in conditioning shampoos , containing silicone to condition .
vidal sassoon 's wash and go ( £1.59 , 200ml ) is a new concept in conditioning shampoos , [having] silicone to condition .

The traditional Elancyl treatment involves the green massage glove containing Elancyl soap with ivy , which you can really enjoy using briskly in the bath or shower .
the traditional elancyl treatment involves the green massage glove [having] elancyl soap with ivy , which you can really enjoy using briskly in the bath or shower .

There is outside the study today a glass cabinet displaying various of Mr Farraday 's ornaments , but throughout Lord Darlington 's days , there stood at that spot a bookshelf containing many volumes of encyclopedia , including a complete set of the Britannica .
there is outside the study today a glass cabinet displaying various of mr farraday 's ornaments , but throughout lord darlington 's days , there stood at that spot a bookshelf [having] many volumes of encyclopedia , including a complete set of the britannica .

‘ Meadow hay ’ is made from permanent pasture containing a large proportion of indigenous meadow-grasses , clovers , and herbs ( some call them weeds ) .
‘ meadow hay ’ is made from permanent pasture [having] a large proportion of indigenous meadow-grasses , clovers , and herbs ( some call them weeds ) .

This task is straightforward in a fine , well-worked tilth , but can be a nightmare in badly cultivated soil containing unrotted turf , and if inter-row hoeing has been inaccurate .
this task is straightforward in a fine , well-worked tilth , but can be a nightmare in badly cultivated soil [having] unrotted turf , and if inter-row hoeing has been inaccurate .

In 1906 Chattanooga acquired a vast brick classical station containing a huge domed central waiting-room , with service wings lit by floor-to-ceiling arched windows extending on each side .
in 1906 chattanooga acquired a vast brick classical station [having] a huge domed central waiting-room , with service wings lit by floor-to-ceiling arched windows extending on each side .

Smaller one-storey buildings , often containing attractive wood-work in the gables , were built at Port Hope ( 1857 ) , St Mary 's Junction ( 1863 ) , Aurora ( 1900 ) , Kincardine ( 1903 ) , Maple ( 1905 ) , and Inglewood ( 1910 ) .
smaller one-storey buildings , often [having] attractive wood-work in the gables , were built at port hope ( 1857 ) , st mary 's junction ( 1863 ) , aurora ( 1900 ) , kincardine ( 1903 ) , maple ( 1905 ) , and inglewood ( 1910 ) .

It may be needed simply , for example , for the part of the house containing the main staterooms .
it may be needed simply , for example , for the part of the house [having] the main staterooms .

Later , after his return to his native city of Basle , he obtained similar material from other cells , mostly the spermatozoa ( again cells containing little else except nuclei ) of salmon caught in the Rhine outside the window of his laboratory .
later , after his return to his native city of basle , he obtained similar material from other cells , mostly the spermatozoa ( again cells [having] little else except nuclei ) of salmon caught in the rhine outside the window of his laboratory .

They include antibiotics produced by fungi ( dactinomycin , daunorubicin ) , alkaloids derived from some plants of the Vinca species ( vinblastine , vincristine ) , synthetic organic compounds containing platinum ( cisplatin ) , the antiviral agent interferon ( see Chapter 10 ) , and even a vaccine made from an unfamiliar bacterium , Corynebacterium parvum .
they include antibiotics produced by fungi ( dactinomycin , daunorubicin ) , alkaloids derived from some plants of the vinca species ( vinblastine , vincristine ) , synthetic organic compounds [having] platinum ( cisplatin ) , the antiviral agent interferon ( see chapter 10 ) , and even a vaccine made from an unfamiliar bacterium , corynebacterium parvum .

The original observation that an extract containing prostaglandins lowered blood pressure was a good reason for further investigation , but did not mean that it would lead to an agent for treating high blood pressure .
the original observation that an extract [having] prostaglandins lowered blood pressure was a good reason for further investigation , but did not mean that it would lead to an agent for treating high blood pressure .

In 1973 experiments were reported which described the isolation of portions of tissue containing something which combined specifically with morphine and other potent analgesics .
in 1973 experiments were reported which described the isolation of portions of tissue [having] something which combined specifically with morphine and other potent analgesics .

compounds containing a chain or ring of amino acids , frequently occurred in specific parts of the brain and had specific functions as local or systemic hormones .
compounds [having] a chain or ring of amino acids , frequently occurred in specific parts of the brain and had specific functions as local or systemic hormones .

Search for a peptide was rewarded by the discovery of a compound containing five amino acids , which combined powerfully with the opiate receptor and had all the necessary properties for it to be recognized as a new transmitter substance .
search for a peptide was rewarded by the discovery of a compound [having] five amino acids , which combined powerfully with the opiate receptor and had all the necessary properties for it to be recognized as a new transmitter substance .

It lies against a stone wall , shielded by birch and fur , overlooking a garden of remembrance , containing more memorials .
it lies against a stone wall , shielded by birch and fur , overlooking a garden of remembrance , [having] more memorials .

Computer discs , containing the names of defaulters , are being despatched to the men in the small offices so that final legal warnings can be printed and distributed .
computer discs , [having] the names of defaulters , are being despatched to the men in the small offices so that final legal warnings can be printed and distributed .

Simpson 's own practice recently received a computer disc from an unnamed council containing the names of over 5,000 defaulters .
simpson 's own practice recently received a computer disc from an unnamed council [having] the names of over 5,000 defaulters .

It is believed that these clothes have been taken to Malta for comparison with items purchased there which were found in the suitcase containing the bomb .
it is believed that these clothes have been taken to malta for comparison with items purchased there which were found in the suitcase [having] the bomb .

The disease , however , may be triggered in moles containing unusually high concentrations of melanin .
the disease , however , may be triggered in moles [having] unusually high concentrations of melanin .

After the statement was read , Mr Justice Davies — also the trial judge in the pamphlet action — said it would have been unfair to Count Tolstoy and Mr Watts if the jury in the action against them had been told that ‘ responsible publishers ’ had already paid money into court and agreed to apologise and withdraw a book containing similar charges as those made in the pamphlet .
after the statement was read , mr justice davies — also the trial judge in the pamphlet action — said it would have been unfair to count tolstoy and mr watts if the jury in the action against them had been told that ‘ responsible publishers ’ had already paid money into court and agreed to apologise and withdraw a book [having] similar charges as those made in the pamphlet .

Printed circuits containing 10 million transistors are already available and will fit on a penny coin .
printed circuits [having] 10 million transistors are already available and will fit on a penny coin .

( Use a security marker pen containing invisible ink and detectable only under ultra-violet light .
( use a security marker pen [having] invisible ink and detectable only under ultra-violet light .

Shop windows containing the Romanian dictator 's portrait were also smashed and vehicles overturned and set alight .
shop windows [having] the romanian dictator 's portrait were also smashed and vehicles overturned and set alight .

General branches offering all services over the one counter will be replaced by cluster branches , containing specialists in different fields .
general branches offering all services over the one counter will be replaced by cluster branches , [having] specialists in different fields .

To the polite scepticism of orthodox American archaeologists , the expedition 's leaders are interpreting some of the hieroglyphs as containing ancient Hebrew letters and symbols which refer to Ophir , or Beth-Horon , the gold source of ancient Palestine in the times of King Solomon .
to the polite scepticism of orthodox american archaeologists , the expedition 's leaders are interpreting some of the hieroglyphs as [having] ancient hebrew letters and symbols which refer to ophir , or beth-horon , the gold source of ancient palestine in the times of king solomon .

It is a common problem along this stretch containing such a fine head of roach but the lulls in the catch rate rarely last longer than ten minutes .
it is a common problem along this stretch [having] such a fine head of roach but the lulls in the catch rate rarely last longer than ten minutes .

Sundridge Super League North East Division Two organiser John Davis has issued an urgent appeal for team captains to contact him after thieves stole his car containing all of his tackle and league details .
sundridge super league north east division two organiser john davis has issued an urgent appeal for team captains to contact him after thieves stole his car [having] all of his tackle and league details .

Packaging and handling charges do not come cheap , so what 's the point of paying for ten plastic packets along with the extra labour when you could buy one box containing 100 hooks and save up to 33 per cent ?
packaging and handling charges do not come cheap , so what 's the point of paying for ten plastic packets along with the extra labour when you could buy one box [having] 100 hooks and save up to 33 per cent ?

In December 1922 Ramsey took the scholarship examination of a group of colleges containing Magdalene and was given the top classical scholarship .
in december 1922 ramsey took the scholarship examination of a group of colleges [having] magdalene and was given the top classical scholarship .

The biggest problem is containing the number of speeches you have to give , because despite the fact the industry has contracted , all the institutions that relate to our industry are still flourishing .
the biggest problem is [having] the number of speeches you have to give , because despite the fact the industry has contracted , all the institutions that relate to our industry are still flourishing .

Those societies survive and flourish which have discovered how to exploit its preservative effects while containing the destructive ones .
those societies survive and flourish which have discovered how to exploit its preservative effects while [having] the destructive ones .

Returned that same evening to Brigade Headquarters to collect my rucksack containing all my worldly possessions and , of course , the bagpipes .
returned that same evening to brigade headquarters to collect my rucksack [having] all my worldly possessions and , of course , the bagpipes .

No one , not even Fenna , could actually stand up against Rachel when she had once got the bit between her teeth : she was better at the game of controlling , containing , winning , than anyone else that Maggie knew .
no one , not even fenna , could actually stand up against rachel when she had once got the bit between her teeth : she was better at the game of controlling , [having] , winning , than anyone else that maggie knew .

At least , this is the case for the driver , who gets a sexy wrap-around binnacle containing all the controls , dials and readouts he needs .
at least , this is the case for the driver , who gets a sexy wrap-around binnacle [having] all the controls , dials and readouts he needs .

Eliot 's solution of a widespread Christian community hierarchically organized , related both to the state and individual parishes and containing intellectual leaders , owes much to Benda 's notion of clercs , as well as to the anthropologists ' stress on the connection of religion with society .
eliot 's solution of a widespread christian community hierarchically organized , related both to the state and individual parishes and [having] intellectual leaders , owes much to benda 's notion of clercs , as well as to the anthropologists ' stress on the connection of religion with society .

Eliot , thanks to Twain , is able to see his childhood as containing , in Durkheim 's phrase , The Elementary Forms of the Religious Life .
eliot , thanks to twain , is able to see his childhood as [having] , in durkheim 's phrase , the elementary forms of the religious life .

The new package includes cutting income taxes , particularly the high marginal rates , containing public spending , ‘ privatizing ’ state assets ( although Britain has gone further than any other state in this ) and reducing loss-making activities among state enterprises .
the new package includes cutting income taxes , particularly the high marginal rates , [having] public spending , ‘ privatizing ’ state assets ( although britain has gone further than any other state in this ) and reducing loss-making activities among state enterprises .

You will be sent , by the Inland Revenue , a booklet containing payslips .
you will be sent , by the inland revenue , a booklet [having] payslips .

For John Rainoldes the boy transvestite destroyed the fragile moral restraint containing an anarchic male sexuality ; the boy incited his male audience into every kind of sexual excess .
for john rainoldes the boy transvestite destroyed the fragile moral restraint [having] an anarchic male sexuality ; the boy incited his male audience into every kind of sexual excess .

For Marx and Engels the gens was the typical communal unit containing no internal differentiation as regards property or wives .
for marx and engels the gens was the typical communal unit [having] no internal differentiation as regards property or wives .

The allegation was made to a Belfast newspaper by an individual who showed a journalist documents containing the names of 233 people .
the allegation was made to a belfast newspaper by an individual who showed a journalist documents [having] the names of 233 people .

He predicted that the industry — which the Government has pledged will be privatised in the early 1990s — would be broken up before being sold , with each package containing a mixture of profit and loss-making pits .
he predicted that the industry — which the government has pledged will be privatised in the early 1990s — would be broken up before being sold , with each package [having] a mixture of profit and loss-making pits .

There will also be a new requirement for owners to register all flocks of layers containing more than 100 birds , and of breeding flocks containing more than 25 birds .
there will also be a new requirement for owners to register all flocks of layers [having] more than 100 birds , and of breeding flocks [having] more than 25 birds .

With a palette containing more than thirty specialist drawing tools , multiple Windows , context-sensitive help , templates and a structure album with hundreds of images , ChemWindow is the most powerful structure drawing program on the market and is now used by thousands of chemists .
with a palette [having] more than thirty specialist drawing tools , multiple windows , context-sensitive help , templates and a structure album with hundreds of images , chemwindow is the most powerful structure drawing program on the market and is now used by thousands of chemists .

For example , groundwater containing high quantities of iron can produce large amounts of iron precipitates when biological nutrients , such as peroxide or phosphate , are added .
for example , groundwater [having] high quantities of iron can produce large amounts of iron precipitates when biological nutrients , such as peroxide or phosphate , are added .

Consequently a preparation containing no glycyrrhizic acid ( deglycyrrhizinised liquorice , CavedS , Rabro ) was marketed and subsequent research showed that its antiulcer effect was die to flavonoids such as licoflavonol ( 8 ) , licoricone ( 9 ) and kumatakenin ( 10 ) .
consequently a preparation [having] no glycyrrhizic acid ( deglycyrrhizinised liquorice , caveds , rabro ) was marketed and subsequent research showed that its antiulcer effect was die to flavonoids such as licoflavonol ( 8 ) , licoricone ( 9 ) and kumatakenin ( 10 ) .

The formation of charge transfer salts containing the planar unit has produced a variety of novel low dimensional materials .
the formation of charge transfer salts [having] the planar unit has produced a variety of novel low dimensional materials .

When asked in 1983 to conduct a similar investigation of the purported Hitler diaries of 1932 and 1935 , Grant found that high grade waste paper containing an optical brightening agent had been used in the pulp and these were not in use at the alleged time .
when asked in 1983 to conduct a similar investigation of the purported hitler diaries of 1932 and 1935 , grant found that high grade waste paper [having] an optical brightening agent had been used in the pulp and these were not in use at the alleged time .

’ In 1735 , four years after the first folio edition , an octavo abridgement appeared in two volumes , with plates reduced , but containing the whole of the practical part and species included in the folio .
’ in 1735 , four years after the first folio edition , an octavo abridgement appeared in two volumes , with plates reduced , but [having] the whole of the practical part and species included in the folio .

Two further editions of the Abridgement were warranted , in 1763 and 1771 , the year of Miller 's death , the last containing some articles not included in the 1768 Dictionary .
two further editions of the abridgement were warranted , in 1763 and 1771 , the year of miller 's death , the last [having] some articles not included in the 1768 dictionary .

They could also be bought in parts , usually containing six plates and one printed sheet describing them , for 5s coloured and 2/6d plain .
they could also be bought in parts , usually [having] six plates and one printed sheet describing them , for 5s coloured and 2/6d plain .

Yellow Wolf told how he found one tipi containing two women shot dead , one still clasping her newborn baby with its head smashed as by a gun breech or boot heel .
yellow wolf told how he found one tipi [having] two women shot dead , one still clasping her newborn baby with its head smashed as by a gun breech or boot heel .

It was discovered that , under about thirty feet of vegetable loam , there existed one of the most fascinating graveyards , containing the remains of early animals which had hunted , fed and drank in the swamps .
it was discovered that , under about thirty feet of vegetable loam , there existed one of the most fascinating graveyards , [having] the remains of early animals which had hunted , fed and drank in the swamps .

It was an inhuman , continuous sound , containing hatred , rage and triumph beyond expression in words .
it was an inhuman , continuous sound , [having] hatred , rage and triumph beyond expression in words .

In Somerset the management of the Probation Service has reached an agreement with the local and neighbouring courts that Schedule 11 probation orders , that is , orders containing day centre or specified activity requirements , are operated as a direct alternative to custody .
in somerset the management of the probation service has reached an agreement with the local and neighbouring courts that schedule 11 probation orders , that is , orders [having] day centre or specified activity requirements , are operated as a direct alternative to custody .

The Myrtle Beach Golf Holiday Association produces a 100-page brochure containing 73 different golf packages and a guide to the area 's top courses .
the myrtle beach golf holiday association produces a 100-page brochure [having] 73 different golf packages and a guide to the area 's top courses .

The Act treats youth services as a continuum containing educational , recreational , advisory , supportive and therapeutic facilities by putting forward an open-ended catalogue of measures and initiatives which had become ‘ custom and practice ’ or indeed signs of good , innovatory practice in some parts of the country without having had legal backing .
the act treats youth services as a continuum [having] educational , recreational , advisory , supportive and therapeutic facilities by putting forward an open-ended catalogue of measures and initiatives which had become ‘ custom and practice ’ or indeed signs of good , innovatory practice in some parts of the country without having had legal backing .

Under severe campaigning requirements , soldiers could miss both spring planting and autumn harvest , but all campaigning ceased for winter although sieges were sometimes maintained through the winter months by means of entrenched camps and containing earthworks .
under severe campaigning requirements , soldiers could miss both spring planting and autumn harvest , but all campaigning ceased for winter although sieges were sometimes maintained through the winter months by means of entrenched camps and [having] earthworks .

Discovered in 1972 and containing 110–112 trillion cubic feet , the field is one of the biggest in the world .
discovered in 1972 and [having] 110–112 trillion cubic feet , the field is one of the biggest in the world .

The difficulty lies in heating the fuel to temperatures of about 100 million degrees centigrade and in containing any substance heated to such a temperature .
the difficulty lies in heating the fuel to temperatures of about 100 million degrees centigrade and in [having] any substance heated to such a temperature .

To this day the drummer has never opened the envelope containing the letter .
to this day the drummer has never opened the envelope [having] the letter .

It received several daytime radio plays and the chorus , containing the grunt ‘ Lost your love of life ?
it received several daytime radio plays and the chorus , [having] the grunt ‘ lost your love of life ?

The dispute concerns two nuclear batteries , each containing 24.7 pounds of plutonium oxide to power Galileo 's scientific instruments .
the dispute concerns two nuclear batteries , each [having] 24.7 pounds of plutonium oxide to power galileo 's scientific instruments .

Immediately after that comes an extended narrative , containing much wit and satirical humour , about a certain Balak , king of Moab , hiring a seer called Balaam to put the invading Israelites under a divine curse ( chs .
immediately after that comes an extended narrative , [having] much wit and satirical humour , about a certain balak , king of moab , hiring a seer called balaam to put the invading israelites under a divine curse ( chs .

At the centre of the action in Joshua 6 is the ark , the Israelites ' most sacred object of all , the box containing the stone tablets with the Ten Commandments inscribed upon them , the box upon which , so they believed , their God was invisibly enthroned .
at the centre of the action in joshua 6 is the ark , the israelites ' most sacred object of all , the box [having] the stone tablets with the ten commandments inscribed upon them , the box upon which , so they believed , their god was invisibly enthroned .

Dutch customs officials have agreed a temporary compromise in the row over imports of maize gluten containing high proportions of maize germ , which should restore trade to Rotterdam .
dutch customs officials have agreed a temporary compromise in the row over imports of maize gluten [having] high proportions of maize germ , which should restore trade to rotterdam .

The working-scale model included part of a farm with a stream running through and including three clamp silos from which effluent poured in exactly the same proportions as from clamps containing grass treated in different ways .
the working-scale model included part of a farm with a stream running through and including three clamp silos from which effluent poured in exactly the same proportions as from clamps [having] grass treated in different ways .

Assuming sows and gilts remain in the service house until after the point of first return then there is a total requirement of 14 paddocks each containing two huts capable of holding eight to nine sows each .
assuming sows and gilts remain in the service house until after the point of first return then there is a total requirement of 14 paddocks each [having] two huts capable of holding eight to nine sows each .

‘ Seeds ’ , unless monogerm varieties , are actually capsules , each containing several seeds — be prepared to thin seedlings .
‘ seeds ’ , unless monogerm varieties , are actually capsules , each [having] several seeds — be prepared to thin seedlings .

On two sides were boxes containing new shoes , while on the third were dozens of repairs awaiting collection .
on two sides were boxes [having] new shoes , while on the third were dozens of repairs awaiting collection .

Following Emily in , he found himself surrounded on all sides by sagging shelves bearing rusty paint tins ; jam jars containing stubby brushes ; bottles half full of amber fluid , and oil cans .
following emily in , he found himself surrounded on all sides by sagging shelves bearing rusty paint tins ; jam jars [having] stubby brushes ; bottles half full of amber fluid , and oil cans .

Meanwhile , on the wall at its foot , were three cracked glass cases containing stuffed creatures ; an owl , a fish and a vicious-looking animal snarling through sharp yellow teeth .
meanwhile , on the wall at its foot , were three cracked glass cases [having] stuffed creatures ; an owl , a fish and a vicious-looking animal snarling through sharp yellow teeth .

Four times a day the nurse came towards her across the wide spaces of lino with the shiny basin containing the rattling metal syringe .
four times a day the nurse came towards her across the wide spaces of lino with the shiny basin [having] the rattling metal syringe .

There are four types ; seed , containing no fertiliser and potting 1–3 containing increasing amounts of fertiliser to suit plants at different stages of development .
there are four types ; seed , [having] no fertiliser and potting 1–3 [having] increasing amounts of fertiliser to suit plants at different stages of development .

On the other side of the fountain , an evergreen pyracantha forms an oriental umbrella over a large chinese pot containing an Acer palmatum .
on the other side of the fountain , an evergreen pyracantha forms an oriental umbrella over a large chinese pot [having] an acer palmatum .

Inside the tin were several small parcels containing measured portions of custard powder and porridge oats , crushed biscuits and cocoa powder mixed with sugar .
inside the tin were several small parcels [having] measured portions of custard powder and porridge oats , crushed biscuits and cocoa powder mixed with sugar .

However research has shown that even in copper objects containing no deliberately added lead , the small amounts of lead present in the original ore ( and transferred to the finished metal during smelting ) contain a ‘ signature ’ in lead isotope ratios of the copper ore body .
however research has shown that even in copper objects [having] no deliberately added lead , the small amounts of lead present in the original ore ( and transferred to the finished metal during smelting ) contain a ‘ signature ’ in lead isotope ratios of the copper ore body .

If this contribution is to be representative of the burial environment within a 30 cm radius , it is best measured in situ , either using small metal capsules containing a highly TL-sensitive material buried for about one year , or using a calibrated gamma ray spectrometer .
if this contribution is to be representative of the burial environment within a 30 cm radius , it is best measured in situ , either using small metal capsules [having] a highly tl-sensitive material buried for about one year , or using a calibrated gamma ray spectrometer .

Cadmium is a very volatile metal that has to be prepared by distillation ; as this was not achieved until 1818 , solders containing cadmium can not be ancient .
cadmium is a very volatile metal that has to be prepared by distillation ; as this was not achieved until 1818 , solders [having] cadmium can not be ancient .

During the conferences floppy disks containing home-grown software are exchanged like coinage , and between conferences software and messages continue to be exchanged by electronic mail .
during the conferences floppy disks [having] home-grown software are exchanged like coinage , and between conferences software and messages continue to be exchanged by electronic mail .

As a preliminary to automation , a major process of review is necessary in order to establish the nature , content and application of the information categories and of the documents containing them .
as a preliminary to automation , a major process of review is necessary in order to establish the nature , content and application of the information categories and of the documents [having] them .

At the moment she was cutting up courgettes and dropping them into a saucepan containing peppers and onions and tomatoes .
at the moment she was cutting up courgettes and dropping them into a saucepan [having] peppers and onions and tomatoes .

QACs and mixtures containing QACs may not be used in brewing or the licensed trades as they affect beer head retention .
qacs and mixtures [having] qacs may not be used in brewing or the licensed trades as they affect beer head retention .

Polyphosphates are sometimes referred to as builders and products containing high proportions as built detergents .
polyphosphates are sometimes referred to as builders and products [having] high proportions as built detergents .

If they are to be used as efficiency indicators budgets should never be used as a means of containing or reducing expenditure by freezing levels or imposing artificial or arbitrary cuts .
if they are to be used as efficiency indicators budgets should never be used as a means of [having] or reducing expenditure by freezing levels or imposing artificial or arbitrary cuts .

We begin to leaf through two large black plan chests containing examples of numerous advertising campaigns that he has been involved in over the years .
we begin to leaf through two large black plan chests [having] examples of numerous advertising campaigns that he has been involved in over the years .

The Ash factory was a hot place of metal cabinets and glass cells containing the clatter of typewriters , gloomily lit by neon tubes .
the ash factory was a hot place of metal cabinets and glass cells [having] the clatter of typewriters , gloomily lit by neon tubes .

In an inner room , beyond the typewriter cubicle , was a small cavern constructed of filing cabinets , inhabited by Dr Beatrice Nest , almost bricked in by the boxes containing the diary and correspondence of Ellen Ash .
in an inner room , beyond the typewriter cubicle , was a small cavern constructed of filing cabinets , inhabited by dr beatrice nest , almost bricked in by the boxes [having] the diary and correspondence of ellen ash .

He had research assistants , in fluctuating numbers , whom he despatched like Noah 's doves and ravens into the libraries of the world , clutching numbered slips of paper , like cloakroom tickets or luncheon vouchers , each containing a query , a half-line of possible quotation , a proper name to be located .
he had research assistants , in fluctuating numbers , whom he despatched like noah 's doves and ravens into the libraries of the world , clutching numbered slips of paper , like cloakroom tickets or luncheon vouchers , each [having] a query , a half-line of possible quotation , a proper name to be located .

Or maybe you have seen a crystal ball containing a tiny house which you can shake to produce a brilliant snowstorm ?
or maybe you have seen a crystal ball [having] a tiny house which you can shake to produce a brilliant snowstorm ?

Water , containing a brilliant green sediment , dripped from a gutter onto the stone , leaving a sinuous stain .
water , [having] a brilliant green sediment , dripped from a gutter onto the stone , leaving a sinuous stain .

Nearby are two more chapels , one a copy of the Chapel of the Holy Sepulchre ( 1845 ) by Johann Ferdinand Schorr and the other , to the left of the church , containing a Calvary .
nearby are two more chapels , one a copy of the chapel of the holy sepulchre ( 1845 ) by johann ferdinand schorr and the other , to the left of the church , [having] a calvary .

The area around London Bridge station has been no exception , most notably with the completion of the first phase of London Bridge City and its spectacular Galleria containing shops and restaurants overlooking the river Thames .
the area around london bridge station has been no exception , most notably with the completion of the first phase of london bridge city and its spectacular galleria [having] shops and restaurants overlooking the river thames .

Cities are the inverse , containing individual blocks , streets but few voids , lungs : an excessive impression of solid mass and a zero expression of space .
cities are the inverse , [having] individual blocks , streets but few voids , lungs : an excessive impression of solid mass and a zero expression of space .

Five minutes later a plastic bag containing his wet , bloodstained pyjamas and a bottle of antiseptic fell on his bed and he heard Murray 's heavy footsteps retreat down the bare boards of the corridor .
five minutes later a plastic bag [having] his wet , bloodstained pyjamas and a bottle of antiseptic fell on his bed and he heard murray 's heavy footsteps retreat down the bare boards of the corridor .

All aircraft and ships are banned from carrying it into the Philippines , and the Filipino Consul in Hawaii has to give the go-ahead for any flight containing Mr Marcos 's remains before it is allowed to take off .
all aircraft and ships are banned from carrying it into the philippines , and the filipino consul in hawaii has to give the go-ahead for any flight [having] mr marcos 's remains before it is allowed to take off .

More than 40,000 Cornish houses are affected , say surveyors who report blanket bans by many societies on loans secured against properties containing any concrete .
more than 40,000 cornish houses are affected , say surveyors who report blanket bans by many societies on loans secured against properties [having] any concrete .

But this is a delicious disc , containing not only a winning performance of Beethoven 's early Septet but the first recording of a trifle called Hymn to the Veneration of the Great Joachim .
but this is a delicious disc , [having] not only a winning performance of beethoven 's early septet but the first recording of a trifle called hymn to the veneration of the great joachim .

Some elderly residents of John Broadwood House in Bridle Lane , behind Piccadilly Circus , were fortunate to escape injury as the blast , caused by a device containing less than 1lb of high explosives , blew out windows of their homes .
some elderly residents of john broadwood house in bridle lane , behind piccadilly circus , were fortunate to escape injury as the blast , caused by a device [having] less than 1lb of high explosives , blew out windows of their homes .

It is also good at containing costs and farming out its staff to work on site rather than keeping them in expensive offices of its own .
it is also good at [having] costs and farming out its staff to work on site rather than keeping them in expensive offices of its own .

There are several types available ; those containing methylene chloride are quick acting and are usually free from caustic or acid and will not harm the wood .
there are several types available ; those [having] methylene chloride are quick acting and are usually free from caustic or acid and will not harm the wood .

Depending on the tile size and on the manufacturer concerned , you are likely to be offered packs containing anything from 6 to 50 tiles , and some packs — of 13 , 22 and the like — do n't make estimating quantities any easier .
depending on the tile size and on the manufacturer concerned , you are likely to be offered packs [having] anything from 6 to 50 tiles , and some packs — of 13 , 22 and the like — do n't make estimating quantities any easier .

Some packs give a total coverage on the wrapping , but it 's best to work out the total by accurately measuring the room size so you can calculate how many rows , containing how many tiles , will be needed .
some packs give a total coverage on the wrapping , but it 's best to work out the total by accurately measuring the room size so you can calculate how many rows , [having] how many tiles , will be needed .

Usually , these are water-based ( emulsion type ) paints which , as well as containing a fungicide , have been reinforced with sand , stone , granite or fibre to enable the paint to fill in and disguise small cracks .
usually , these are water-based ( emulsion type ) paints which , as well as [having] a fungicide , have been reinforced with sand , stone , granite or fibre to enable the paint to fill in and disguise small cracks .

Again these things happen as they do happen , the magic narrative containing spur-ofthe-moment impulse within trancelike inevitability .
again these things happen as they do happen , the magic narrative [having] spur-ofthe-moment impulse within trancelike inevitability .

Later , drums supposedly containing carcinogenic drugs were not opened for checking before burning ( for health reasons ) and three were ‘ misdescribed ’ .
later , drums supposedly [having] carcinogenic drugs were not opened for checking before burning ( for health reasons ) and three were ‘ misdescribed ’ .

They allow a drawing to consist of several layers , equivalent to overlaid transparent sheets , each containing a different aspect of the drawing .
they allow a drawing to consist of several layers , equivalent to overlaid transparent sheets , each [having] a different aspect of the drawing .

COMEDY-thrillers could have a hard time without small black books that disappear containing the clue to mysterious fortunes .
comedy-thrillers could have a hard time without small black books that disappear [having] the clue to mysterious fortunes .

Happily for Geoff McQueen 's Stay Lucky ( Yorkshire ) small black notebooks containing solid gold clues are still common currency in Leeds .
happily for geoff mcqueen 's stay lucky ( yorkshire ) small black notebooks [having] solid gold clues are still common currency in leeds .

This was the exiled Prokofiev 's very Russian response to the fantastic Gozzi fairy-tale of the hypochondriac prince who goes in search of three oranges , each containing a princess .
this was the exiled prokofiev 's very russian response to the fantastic gozzi fairy-tale of the hypochondriac prince who goes in search of three oranges , each [having] a princess .

If you do n't feel bold or rich enough to take a gamble on sovereigns , for only £7.25 , you can buy a presentation folder containing one each of the £2 coins issued to commemorate the 300th anniversary of the Bill of Rights and the Scottish Claim of Rights .
if you do n't feel bold or rich enough to take a gamble on sovereigns , for only £7.25 , you can buy a presentation folder [having] one each of the £2 coins issued to commemorate the 300th anniversary of the bill of rights and the scottish claim of rights .

It would maximise civilian tactics of resistance and defuse the natural potential for violence , containing and eventually eliminating the marginal but intrusive phenomenon of collaborator activation by Israeli security authorities and collaborator execution by local Palestinians .
it would maximise civilian tactics of resistance and defuse the natural potential for violence , [having] and eventually eliminating the marginal but intrusive phenomenon of collaborator activation by israeli security authorities and collaborator execution by local palestinians .

Earlier yesterday , the Court of Appeal refused an application by Mr Goodwin 's employers , the publishers Morgan Grampian , to revoke the order forcing him to hand over notes containing confidential financial information concerning a company , which can not be named for legal reasons .
earlier yesterday , the court of appeal refused an application by mr goodwin 's employers , the publishers morgan grampian , to revoke the order forcing him to hand over notes [having] confidential financial information concerning a company , which can not be named for legal reasons .

Mr Koc said he was taken to the airport by Mr Ata Nur Kuntar and given a packet containing £2,500 , plus an envelope with three £50 notes in it as pocket money .
mr koc said he was taken to the airport by mr ata nur kuntar and given a packet [having] £2,500 , plus an envelope with three £50 notes in it as pocket money .

Mr Koc said he was taken to the airport by Mr Ata Nur Kuntar and given a packet containing £2,500 , plus an envelope with three £50 notes in it as pocket money .
mr koc said he was taken to the airport by mr ata nur kuntar and given a packet [having] £2,500 , plus an envelope with three £50 notes in it as pocket money .

If you do n't feel bold or rich enough to take a gamble on sovereigns , for only £7.25 , you can buy a presentation folder containing one each of the £2 coins issued to commemorate the 300th anniversary of the Bill of Rights and the Scottish Claim of Rights .
if you do n't feel bold or rich enough to take a gamble on sovereigns , for only £7.25 , you can buy a presentation folder [having] one each of the £2 coins issued to commemorate the 300th anniversary of the bill of rights and the scottish claim of rights .

If you do n't feel bold or rich enough to take a gamble on sovereigns , for only £7.25 , you can buy a presentation folder containing one each of the £2 coins issued to commemorate the 300th anniversary of the Bill of Rights and the Scottish Claim of Rights .
if you do n't feel bold or rich enough to take a gamble on sovereigns , for only £7.25 , you can buy a presentation folder [having] one each of the £2 coins issued to commemorate the 300th anniversary of the bill of rights and the scottish claim of rights .

Water contaminated by nutrients from intensive farming is drawn from the river Nene into Rutland Water and sewage containing phosphates is pumped in from Oakham town .
water contaminated by nutrients from intensive farming is drawn from the river nene into rutland water and sewage [having] phosphates is pumped in from oakham town .

In 1849 , part of the mill containing the fulling stocks was leased to the local clothier , William Palling , yet in 1853 , Paul Savory is recorded as working a corn mill at Brookhouse .
in 1849 , part of the mill [having] the fulling stocks was leased to the local clothier , william palling , yet in 1853 , paul savory is recorded as working a corn mill at brookhouse .

She was opening the cupboard containing her piece when she saw Nevil hurrying over .
she was opening the cupboard [having] her piece when she saw nevil hurrying over .

The foetus which develops in the womb originates from the fusion of two sex cells , the ovum and sperm , and comprises a series of cell structures with a central nucleus containing the hereditary material , known as chromosomes .
the foetus which develops in the womb originates from the fusion of two sex cells , the ovum and sperm , and comprises a series of cell structures with a central nucleus [having] the hereditary material , known as chromosomes .

Thirdly , it depicted a mental hospital as containing mentally handicapped adults who were sexually perverse or completely unable to look after themselves ; suggesting that this was typical of most mentally handicapped people .
thirdly , it depicted a mental hospital as [having] mentally handicapped adults who were sexually perverse or completely unable to look after themselves ; suggesting that this was typical of most mentally handicapped people .

Additionally , before each dose is taken : ‘ a slight change in the degree of dynamization is effected if the bottle , containing the solution of one or more pellets , is merely well shaken five or six times , every time before taking it .
additionally , before each dose is taken : ‘ a slight change in the degree of dynamization is effected if the bottle , [having] the solution of one or more pellets , is merely well shaken five or six times , every time before taking it .

Another method for dosing ‘ careful ’ patients is also suggested in the same chapter whereby the pellet is dissolved in 200 ( approx.8ml ) , 300 ( 12ml ) or 400 drops ( 16ml ) of a 50 % brandy solution , depending on whether it is to be weaker or stronger , and one , two , three or several drops , according to the irritability of the patient , are dropped into a cup containing a tablespoon of water .
another method for dosing ‘ careful ’ patients is also suggested in the same chapter whereby the pellet is dissolved in 200 ( approx.8ml ) , 300 ( 12ml ) or 400 drops ( 16ml ) of a 50 % brandy solution , depending on whether it is to be weaker or stronger , and one , two , three or several drops , according to the irritability of the patient , are dropped into a cup [having] a tablespoon of water .

One granule is dissolved in seven or eight tablespoons of water and after succussion a tablespoonful is put into a glass containing eight to ten tablespoons of water .
one granule is dissolved in seven or eight tablespoons of water and after succussion a tablespoonful is put into a glass [having] eight to ten tablespoons of water .

Buy a 150ml brown glass bottle of purified water containing 15ml of ethanol from your local dispensing chemist .
buy a 150ml brown glass bottle of purified water [having] 15ml of ethanol from your local dispensing chemist .

The 1981 Regulations have been much amended and extended so that now each school must provide a School Prospectus containing a long list of prescribed information , including information about the curriculum , qualifications obtainable and careers education , and an Annual Report , including updates to the prospectus and dates and times of the school term .
the 1981 regulations have been much amended and extended so that now each school must provide a school prospectus [having] a long list of prescribed information , including information about the curriculum , qualifications obtainable and careers education , and an annual report , including updates to the prospectus and dates and times of the school term .

Mrs. Jennens , daughter of Judge Blencowe , dreamt that an express came with an account of the death of her sister , Lady Probyn ; that the latter had appointed her sole Executrix and had left a cabinet to Mrs. Betty Blencowe in which were secret drawers containing several valuables .
mrs. jennens , daughter of judge blencowe , dreamt that an express came with an account of the death of her sister , lady probyn ; that the latter had appointed her sole executrix and had left a cabinet to mrs. betty blencowe in which were secret drawers [having] several valuables .

The carriage containing the Imperial heir preceded that of the Emperor and Empress , the latter dressed in pale blue and wearing all the Crown diamonds , while the Emperor was in the uniform of a general of division .
the carriage [having] the imperial heir preceded that of the emperor and empress , the latter dressed in pale blue and wearing all the crown diamonds , while the emperor was in the uniform of a general of division .

Then comes an ante-room in which there is a staircase which gives access to the Empress 's apartments , then comes the room where the Emperor 's Chef de cabinet works , within call of the Emperor , whose own study and work room adjoin it … The Emperor has access ( to the room where the Council of Ministers meet ) by going through two rooms , one of which is a library and the other containing a table on which are placed newspapers , documents , etc .
then comes an ante-room in which there is a staircase which gives access to the empress 's apartments , then comes the room where the emperor 's chef de cabinet works , within call of the emperor , whose own study and work room adjoin it … the emperor has access ( to the room where the council of ministers meet ) by going through two rooms , one of which is a library and the other [having] a table on which are placed newspapers , documents , etc .

17.18 All pupils should be expected to keep a file containing work in progress , as well as completed pieces , which may need to be selected and filed separately for the purposes of moderation and final assessment .
17.18 all pupils should be expected to keep a file [having] work in progress , as well as completed pieces , which may need to be selected and filed separately for the purposes of moderation and final assessment .

More particularly , pupils should compile a folder of coursework containing writing of a range of types on a variety of topics for different and clearly specified audiences .
more particularly , pupils should compile a folder of coursework [having] writing of a range of types on a variety of topics for different and clearly specified audiences .

In the corner was a white glazed sink and , next to it , a glass-fronted cabinet containing books and bottles .
in the corner was a white glazed sink and , next to it , a glass-fronted cabinet [having] books and bottles .

As we have said we are a new newsletter team and feel we could print a newsletter containing what we wanted or what we thought ought to be there .
as we have said we are a new newsletter team and feel we could print a newsletter [having] what we wanted or what we thought ought to be there .

The British left first in a convoy of 20 cars fluttering with Union flags , led by the absent ambassador 's Austin Princess and a station wagon containing the bodies of Melloy and Waring .
the british left first in a convoy of 20 cars fluttering with union flags , led by the absent ambassador 's austin princess and a station wagon [having] the bodies of melloy and waring .

She opens her Gladstone bag , pulls out the folder containing her notes , and settles to work .
she opens her gladstone bag , pulls out the folder [having] her notes , and settles to work .

The novel shows , among other things , the disastrous effects of this philosophy on Mr Gradgrind 's own children , Tom , who becomes a thief , and Louisa , who nearly becomes an adulteress , and on the lives of working people in the city of Coketown which is made in his image , a dreary place containing :
the novel shows , among other things , the disastrous effects of this philosophy on mr gradgrind 's own children , tom , who becomes a thief , and louisa , who nearly becomes an adulteress , and on the lives of working people in the city of coketown which is made in his image , a dreary place [having] :

Tiny particles of uranium oxide , containing radioactive isotopes of caesium , strontium and plutonium , had been scattered in their millions over the surrounding countryside .
tiny particles of uranium oxide , [having] radioactive isotopes of caesium , strontium and plutonium , had been scattered in their millions over the surrounding countryside .

In 1957 just such an accident did in fact occur at a high-level nuclear waste dump at Kyshtym , in the Ural Mountains , when the cooling system failed in a concrete vessel containing eighty tonnes of highly active liquid waste .
in 1957 just such an accident did in fact occur at a high-level nuclear waste dump at kyshtym , in the ural mountains , when the cooling system failed in a concrete vessel [having] eighty tonnes of highly active liquid waste .

Sediments containing such radionuclides were thought by the nuclear scientists to sink to the bottom of the sea bed , and stay there .
sediments [having] such radionuclides were thought by the nuclear scientists to sink to the bottom of the sea bed , and stay there .

The first performance came from two people in white radiation suits who walked on to the stage carrying a dustbin allegedly containing nuclear waste .
the first performance came from two people in white radiation suits who walked on to the stage carrying a dustbin allegedly [having] nuclear waste .

Finally , there would remain a central core containing the reactor building itself .
finally , there would remain a central core [having] the reactor building itself .

The most spectacular Strathnaver monuments are the brochs which zig-zag up the River Naver , from the sea at Invernaver , to Mudale , south from Altnaharra ; huge , circular , fortified towers , forty feet high , enclosing an inner court some fifty feet in diameter , with double walls , fifteen fret thick , containing galleries and stairs , and windows facing inwards .
the most spectacular strathnaver monuments are the brochs which zig-zag up the river naver , from the sea at invernaver , to mudale , south from altnaharra ; huge , circular , fortified towers , forty feet high , enclosing an inner court some fifty feet in diameter , with double walls , fifteen fret thick , [having] galleries and stairs , and windows facing inwards .

Descent is made southwards over a pathless moor to a depression containing a small tarn and a wall that rises to the next height , Swarth Fell .
descent is made southwards over a pathless moor to a depression [having] a small tarn and a wall that rises to the next height , swarth fell .

From a stile in the top corner of the enclosure containing the boulders a short climb brings the summit ridge of Norber underfoot and a glorious view over Clapham Bottoms to Ingleborough , from the highest of many cairns at 1320 feet .
from a stile in the top corner of the enclosure [having] the boulders a short climb brings the summit ridge of norber underfoot and a glorious view over clapham bottoms to ingleborough , from the highest of many cairns at 1320 feet .

Such buds containing re-aggregated cells do not develop normally but they can form jointed cartilage elements and sometimes very good-looking digit-like structures .
such buds [having] re-aggregated cells do not develop normally but they can form jointed cartilage elements and sometimes very good-looking digit-like structures .

The red blood cell is finally a small bag containing haemoglobin molecules for transporting oxygen .
the red blood cell is finally a small bag [having] haemoglobin molecules for transporting oxygen .

And part of the demand for a centralized curriculum , dictated from above , has stemmed from the confused notion that such a curriculum would be not only vocational and future-directed , but strict , narrow , and exact , containing within itself its own criteria of rightness and wrongness .
and part of the demand for a centralized curriculum , dictated from above , has stemmed from the confused notion that such a curriculum would be not only vocational and future-directed , but strict , narrow , and exact , [having] within itself its own criteria of rightness and wrongness .

There was , Henry had noticed , a specially reverent way of saying ‘ thank you ’ when accepting a cheese and tomato sandwich at a funeral reception and he did not see why people should develop critical faculties just because they were swigging back a wine glass containing a fair quantity of the domestic bleach known as Finish 'Em .
there was , henry had noticed , a specially reverent way of saying ‘ thank you ’ when accepting a cheese and tomato sandwich at a funeral reception and he did not see why people should develop critical faculties just because they were swigging back a wine glass [having] a fair quantity of the domestic bleach known as finish 'em .

Nonetheless , that inspired teacher Bernard of Clairvaux , who later on founded the Cistercian Order , knew well the innermost hearts of the army when he preached a sermon containing what must surely be the earliest ever advertising campaign .
nonetheless , that inspired teacher bernard of clairvaux , who later on founded the cistercian order , knew well the innermost hearts of the army when he preached a sermon [having] what must surely be the earliest ever advertising campaign .

As others produce a packet of Hob Nobs from a plastic carrier bag , she is revealing a foil-covered dish containing lobster marinated in apricot juice that took two days to prepare .
as others produce a packet of hob nobs from a plastic carrier bag , she is revealing a foil-covered dish [having] lobster marinated in apricot juice that took two days to prepare .

Entering such a store is to enter an intriguing musty lair containing rows of cheap clothes in either blue or olive green , and where you will be greeted by a stab in the eye with an ice-axe that has hung behind the door since the 60s .
entering such a store is to enter an intriguing musty lair [having] rows of cheap clothes in either blue or olive green , and where you will be greeted by a stab in the eye with an ice-axe that has hung behind the door since the 60s .

Four young men were appearing on chargers of peddling drugs , an old lady had had her hand chopped off whilst attempting to retain her purse , containing just two and eightpence , and a motorway to end all motorways was proposed which would wipe out six particularly exquisite villages and several hundred miles of countryside .
four young men were appearing on chargers of peddling drugs , an old lady had had her hand chopped off whilst attempting to retain her purse , [having] just two and eightpence , and a motorway to end all motorways was proposed which would wipe out six particularly exquisite villages and several hundred miles of countryside .

In 1595 , some remains of the city came to light during excavation work for a new aqueduct — a few coins , and some fragments of marble tablets containing inscriptions referring to Pompeii .
in 1595 , some remains of the city came to light during excavation work for a new aqueduct — a few coins , and some fragments of marble tablets [having] inscriptions referring to pompeii .

The Royal Society in Britain also set up a committee to investigate the scientific aspects of the eruption and published a weighty tome containing the committee 's findings in 1888 .
the royal society in britain also set up a committee to investigate the scientific aspects of the eruption and published a weighty tome [having] the committee 's findings in 1888 .

About twenty metres down from the top , Priestley realized that the tin they had left in the cairn in fact contained their exposed photographic plates , and that what they were carrying down with them was the tin containing the record of their ascent .
about twenty metres down from the top , priestley realized that the tin they had left in the cairn in fact contained their exposed photographic plates , and that what they were carrying down with them was the tin [having] the record of their ascent .

The pumice that we know from painful experience in the bathroom consists of material containing over 65 per cent of silica , and there is a general tendency to associate pumice only with acid rocks such as rhyolites .
the pumice that we know from painful experience in the bathroom consists of material [having] over 65 per cent of silica , and there is a general tendency to associate pumice only with acid rocks such as rhyolites .

In 1851 Thomas started the first travel magazine : The Excursionist ( renamed The Traveller 's Gazette in 1903 ) , containing details of Cook 's forthcoming excursions , advice to travellers , and articles and reports about the trips .
in 1851 thomas started the first travel magazine : the excursionist ( renamed the traveller 's gazette in 1903 ) , [having] details of cook 's forthcoming excursions , advice to travellers , and articles and reports about the trips .

When Gladys Aylward , the unstoppable English missionary , set off for China from Liverpool Street Station in 1930 , she had with her a suitcase containing hard-boiled eggs , meat cubes , tins of corned beef , baked beans , biscuits and soda cakes .
when gladys aylward , the unstoppable english missionary , set off for china from liverpool street station in 1930 , she had with her a suitcase [having] hard-boiled eggs , meat cubes , tins of corned beef , baked beans , biscuits and soda cakes .

Put the eggs into a pan containing cold water and bring to the boil .
put the eggs into a pan [having] cold water and bring to the boil .

Containing a greater proportion of secular matter than the Church history of Eusebius , it was based partly on written material and partly on the memories of men still living .
[having] a greater proportion of secular matter than the church history of eusebius , it was based partly on written material and partly on the memories of men still living .

Chapter 29 of that work is remarkable for containing the first scientific investigation of the tides , involving the earliest ‘ establishment of a port ’ , that is , the mean interval between the time of high water and that of the previous transit of the meridian by the moon .
chapter 29 of that work is remarkable for [having] the first scientific investigation of the tides , involving the earliest ‘ establishment of a port ’ , that is , the mean interval between the time of high water and that of the previous transit of the meridian by the moon .

The rain put paid to our next day 's match and consequently we did n't play until towards the end of the tour against the Jonor Rhinos , a team containing four Malaysian internationals , coached by a First Grade Australian ( who also played ) .
the rain put paid to our next day 's match and consequently we did n't play until towards the end of the tour against the jonor rhinos , a team [having] four malaysian internationals , coached by a first grade australian ( who also played ) .

Instead , the amendment simply deleted the proviso excluding cinema films from the range of publications caught by the 1959 Act , which already extended to anything ‘ containing or embodying material to be read or looked at or both , any sound record , and any film or other record of a picture or pictures ’ .
instead , the amendment simply deleted the proviso excluding cinema films from the range of publications caught by the 1959 act , which already extended to anything ‘ [having] or embodying material to be read or looked at or both , any sound record , and any film or other record of a picture or pictures ’ .

Only within the last hundred years has it become evident that a sperm is in no way comparable to the seed of a plant , which is a multicellular reproductive structure containing the embryo of the plant .
only within the last hundred years has it become evident that a sperm is in no way comparable to the seed of a plant , which is a multicellular reproductive structure [having] the embryo of the plant .

The Street — Once the centre of the Castle 's domestic and administrative life containing the Brewhouse , Bakery and Laundry .
the street — once the centre of the castle 's domestic and administrative life [having] the brewhouse , bakery and laundry .

In the north transept of Polebrook 's Church of All Saints is a Memorial Book containing the names of those who served on the airfield and other memorabilia .
in the north transept of polebrook 's church of all saints is a memorial book [having] the names of those who served on the airfield and other memorabilia .

The trade ban between Montreal Protocol countries and other nations in products containing CFCs does not come into force until 1999 , which leaves quite a lot of room for quick expansion and sales .
the trade ban between montreal protocol countries and other nations in products [having] cfcs does not come into force until 1999 , which leaves quite a lot of room for quick expansion and sales .

Two crates containing 1,000 Garter snakes were shipped from Miami to London .
two crates [having] 1,000 garter snakes were shipped from miami to london .

Intensive rearing practices have been blamed , where animals kept in cramped and often unhygienic conditions are fed on high protein feeds often containing the remnants of slaughtered chickens contaminated with salmonella .
intensive rearing practices have been blamed , where animals kept in cramped and often unhygienic conditions are fed on high protein feeds often [having] the remnants of slaughtered chickens contaminated with salmonella .

You have a chilled recipe dish containing chicken .
you have a chilled recipe dish [having] chicken .

But if the monster parents do not act monstrously and succeed in containing the passion , the children are reassured .
but if the monster parents do not act monstrously and succeed in [having] the passion , the children are reassured .

Within Central North Side between 1970 and 1980 , the census tract containing the Mexican War Streets historic area experienced the most drastic drop in dwellings lacking exclusive plumbing arrangements , the highest property price increases , the sharpest rise in owner occupancy , a decrease in the proportion of elderly people and a slower than city average population decline .
within central north side between 1970 and 1980 , the census tract [having] the mexican war streets historic area experienced the most drastic drop in dwellings lacking exclusive plumbing arrangements , the highest property price increases , the sharpest rise in owner occupancy , a decrease in the proportion of elderly people and a slower than city average population decline .

Investment since 1979 also seems to have been influenced by historic designation as census tracts containing such areas saw more rehabilitation activity .
investment since 1979 also seems to have been influenced by historic designation as census tracts [having] such areas saw more rehabilitation activity .

In almost a quarter of an hour , an incredibly short time for an encounter battle , it was all over , and , to round off a crushing defeat Cope 's baggage train , including his money chest containing £4000 , was captured without a fight .
in almost a quarter of an hour , an incredibly short time for an encounter battle , it was all over , and , to round off a crushing defeat cope 's baggage train , including his money chest [having] £4000 , was captured without a fight .

Scotland was now divided into four military districts , containing 15,000 men , with new military posts scattered across them , and work on extending the road network in Argyllshire to link Dumbarton and the Western Isles began in September 1746 .
scotland was now divided into four military districts , [having] 15,000 men , with new military posts scattered across them , and work on extending the road network in argyllshire to link dumbarton and the western isles began in september 1746 .

The two small boats , containing between them about 40 men , had no option but to row towards the shore and duly grounded around 3.30 am on the morning of Thursday 23 April .
the two small boats , [having] between them about 40 men , had no option but to row towards the shore and duly grounded around 3.30 am on the morning of thursday 23 april .

Helen ( 3.10 ) had built two towers of blocks , each containing the same number of blocks of equal size .
helen ( 3.10 ) had built two towers of blocks , each [having] the same number of blocks of equal size .

Viki ( 4.3 ) , Sarah ( 4.8 ) and Simon ( 4.6 ) were tidying drawers containing beads , with the teacher .
viki ( 4.3 ) , sarah ( 4.8 ) and simon ( 4.6 ) were tidying drawers [having] beads , with the teacher .

Here the teacher is working with a slightly older group of children and developing sorting , using a sorting box containing cubes , off-cuts of wood , beads , wheels , cotton reels , rods , etc .
here the teacher is working with a slightly older group of children and developing sorting , using a sorting box [having] cubes , off-cuts of wood , beads , wheels , cotton reels , rods , etc .

The Germans negotiated an armistice and redirected their military effort at containing the German revolution .
the germans negotiated an armistice and redirected their military effort at [having] the german revolution .

Lipski was able to point to several passages in school textbooks containing similar references .
lipski was able to point to several passages in school textbooks [having] similar references .

There is the folklore assertion that when an experienced warrener went to buy ferrets at a market his first action on inspecting them was to insert his hand in a cage containing a number of the animals .
there is the folklore assertion that when an experienced warrener went to buy ferrets at a market his first action on inspecting them was to insert his hand in a cage [having] a number of the animals .

Hundreds of villages containing oppressed Jews were similar to Anatevka ( which featured in the wonderful movie Fiddler on the Roof ) .
hundreds of villages [having] oppressed jews were similar to anatevka ( which featured in the wonderful movie fiddler on the roof ) .

In fact , Bronwen had already discovered that Owen would ‘ go berserk ’ after a tin of soup containing monosodium glutamate , or fish fingers coloured with tartrazine ( now largely withdrawn as a food colouring agent ) .
in fact , bronwen had already discovered that owen would ‘ go berserk ’ after a tin of soup [having] monosodium glutamate , or fish fingers coloured with tartrazine ( now largely withdrawn as a food colouring agent ) .

He also took a nightly bath containing lavender , clary-sage or chamomile — sometimes a blend of all three essences .
he also took a nightly bath [having] lavender , clary-sage or chamomile — sometimes a blend of all three essences .

However , avoid skin care preparations containing humectants such as glycerin , glycol , sodium pyrrolidone , propylene or carboxylic acid .
however , avoid skin care preparations [having] humectants such as glycerin , glycol , sodium pyrrolidone , propylene or carboxylic acid .

Shake one or two drops of an essence suitable for your skin-type ( see page 63 ) into a bowl containing ½ litre of steaming water .
shake one or two drops of an essence suitable for your skin-type ( see page 63 ) into a bowl [having] ½ litre of steaming water .

Dry them thoroughly and massage into the skin a little vegetable oil ( or cream ) containing a few drops of the same essence ( s ) .
dry them thoroughly and massage into the skin a little vegetable oil ( or cream ) [having] a few drops of the same essence ( s ) .

If you feel drained ( despite having carried out the previous visualisations ) , take a shower , if possible , or a bath containing essence of juniper .
if you feel drained ( despite having carried out the previous visualisations ) , take a shower , if possible , or a bath [having] essence of juniper .

Glynn also had stolen from him a purse containing £22 and a gold signet ring .
glynn also had stolen from him a purse [having] £22 and a gold signet ring .

Probably many of us have treasured letters containing gems of spiritual guidance which have come to us when the writer could not , or during times of personal need or crisis .
probably many of us have treasured letters [having] gems of spiritual guidance which have come to us when the writer could not , or during times of personal need or crisis .

The plan to build a practice wall , flood lighting and paved patio for sitting out would , they felt , ‘ enhance the area ’ , although the containing eight-foot fence was ‘ too high ’ .
the plan to build a practice wall , flood lighting and paved patio for sitting out would , they felt , ‘ enhance the area ’ , although the [having] eight-foot fence was ‘ too high ’ .

Earlier , Treleaven had broken Blackmoor 's amateur record of 65 , his round containing five birdies and only one dropped shot .
earlier , treleaven had broken blackmoor 's amateur record of 65 , his round [having] five birdies and only one dropped shot .

As early as April 1927 an Arsenal team containing several reserves won 3–0 at Aston Villa , to end a series of poor results by more regular teams .
as early as april 1927 an arsenal team [having] several reserves won 3–0 at aston villa , to end a series of poor results by more regular teams .

Equally , the content of one book may be superseded by another entirely different work containing new facts or a more modern approach .
equally , the content of one book may be superseded by another entirely different work [having] new facts or a more modern approach .

In the bailey of Carisbrooke Castle is a well house containing a donkey wheel , built in 15 87 to draw water from the well which was sunk probably in 1270 , to a depth of about 160 feet .
in the bailey of carisbrooke castle is a well house [having] a donkey wheel , built in 15 87 to draw water from the well which was sunk probably in 1270 , to a depth of about 160 feet .

Its brick engine house is now the centrepiece of an industrial museum , containing four large beam engines built by the local firm Gimsons , who opened their Vulcan Works in 1842 to build light machinery for Leicester 's important footwear industry .
its brick engine house is now the centrepiece of an industrial museum , [having] four large beam engines built by the local firm gimsons , who opened their vulcan works in 1842 to build light machinery for leicester 's important footwear industry .

The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club , containing a Faithful Record of the Perambulations , Perils , Travels , Adventures and Sporting Transactions of the Corresponding Members , edited by Boz ( long title on cover of monthly numbers ) .
the posthumous papers of the pickwick club , [having] a faithful record of the perambulations , perils , travels , adventures and sporting transactions of the corresponding members , edited by boz ( long title on cover of monthly numbers ) .

large screen for the fire , often on wheels , containing small cupboards for holding plates , etc .
large screen for the fire , often on wheels , [having] small cupboards for holding plates , etc .

a light sweet teacake containing sultanas or currants , served hot and eaten with butter .
a light sweet teacake [having] sultanas or currants , served hot and eaten with butter .

Your employer will have a personnel file containing a potted history of your career with the company . Why not do likewise and build up your own record of your progress within the organisation ?
your employer will have a personnel file [having] a potted history of your career with the company . why not do likewise and build up your own record of your progress within the organisation ?

They were not subject to service contracts containing restrictive covenants .
they were not subject to service contracts [having] restrictive covenants .

St Mary 's Street , containing three inns and a few grander houses , gave way to open country before reaching St Mary 's Church and Stowey Court , the latter a mansion of the sixteenth century with formal gardens and a gazebo .
st mary 's street , [having] three inns and a few grander houses , gave way to open country before reaching st mary 's church and stowey court , the latter a mansion of the sixteenth century with formal gardens and a gazebo .

But they gave him their support , none the less , and the first issue , containing political reports , original essays , poetry , and reviews , was announced for the beginning of March , the aim of the publication being , as Coleridge modestly explained , ‘ to proclaim the State of the Political Atmosphere , and preserve Freedom and her Friends from the attacks of Robbers and Assassins !
but they gave him their support , none the less , and the first issue , [having] political reports , original essays , poetry , and reviews , was announced for the beginning of march , the aim of the publication being , as coleridge modestly explained , ‘ to proclaim the state of the political atmosphere , and preserve freedom and her friends from the attacks of robbers and assassins !

Containing nuclear waste
[having] nuclear waste

The two permanent magnet arrays are well separated in this photograph , to allow unrestricted access to the vacuum chamber containing the electron beam .
the two permanent magnet arrays are well separated in this photograph , to allow unrestricted access to the vacuum chamber [having] the electron beam .

Platelets also possess a variety of lysosomal enzyme-storage organelles containing acid hydrolases including β-glucuronidase and β-galactosidase ( Holmsen , 1975 ) .
platelets also possess a variety of lysosomal enzyme-storage organelles [having] acid hydrolases including β-glucuronidase and β-galactosidase ( holmsen , 1975 ) .

The overlying Mercia Mudstones are a typical Keuper red-bed sequence ; near Carrickfergus they contain three composite halite units , each containing several salt beds separated by red silty shales .
the overlying mercia mudstones are a typical keuper red-bed sequence ; near carrickfergus they contain three composite halite units , each [having] several salt beds separated by red silty shales .

However , as described in Section 12.4 , Chandrasekhar and Ferrari have also shown that , for the colliding plane wave situation , the Ernst function may be regarded either ( a ) as containing the metric functions , or ( b ) as a potential for those functions .
however , as described in section 12.4 , chandrasekhar and ferrari have also shown that , for the colliding plane wave situation , the ernst function may be regarded either ( a ) as [having] the metric functions , or ( b ) as a potential for those functions .

When the Ernst function ( 13.3 ) is considered as containing the metric functions , it leads to the Nutku-Halil solution described above .
when the ernst function ( 13.3 ) is considered as [having] the metric functions , it leads to the nutku-halil solution described above .

James Shelton aged 25 , and George Barnes , aged 23 , two Liverpool constables , with a taxi-cab driver named Charles Wareing , were accused of breaking into the Co-operative Stores in Wavertree Road and stealing a safe containing £146 . ( Liverpool Daily Post , 1925 )
james shelton aged 25 , and george barnes , aged 23 , two liverpool constables , with a taxi-cab driver named charles wareing , were accused of breaking into the co-operative stores in wavertree road and stealing a safe [having] £146 . ( liverpool daily post , 1925 )

This will tend to exempt users of word processors from registration , but not users of databases containing more than names and addresses .
this will tend to exempt users of word processors from registration , but not users of databases [having] more than names and addresses .

They are better for this purpose than the Home and End keys because they work even when the typing line containing the cursor is very short .
they are better for this purpose than the home and end keys because they work even when the typing line [having] the cursor is very short .

Shelving covered the back two walls , whilst to the right was a biscuit stand containing some dozen tins , stacked at an angle so that by just taking off the lid , biscuits could be removed .
shelving covered the back two walls , whilst to the right was a biscuit stand [having] some dozen tins , stacked at an angle so that by just taking off the lid , biscuits could be removed .

It was similar to Herberts Court and , although containing three houses , had the same drawbacks .
it was similar to herberts court and , although [having] three houses , had the same drawbacks .

His front window was packed with small cages containing linnets , greenfinches , bullfinches and song thrushes amongst others .
his front window was packed with small cages [having] linnets , greenfinches , bullfinches and song thrushes amongst others .

Right opposite the club was a court containing about ten houses , built against the old city rampart .
right opposite the club was a court [having] about ten houses , built against the old city rampart .

To the right of the kitchener were two cupboards , the top some five feet high used for airing clothes , the lower containing all the necessary paraphernalia for the stove — blacklead and brushes , metal polish for the shiny parts plus the boot and shoe cleaning materials .
to the right of the kitchener were two cupboards , the top some five feet high used for airing clothes , the lower [having] all the necessary paraphernalia for the stove — blacklead and brushes , metal polish for the shiny parts plus the boot and shoe cleaning materials .

As a customer , reading the label will help you decide whether to buy a product — that is , whether it suits your needs ( for example , someone on a diet might not want to buy a product containing a lot of sugar ) .
as a customer , reading the label will help you decide whether to buy a product — that is , whether it suits your needs ( for example , someone on a diet might not want to buy a product [having] a lot of sugar ) .

packs of cards ( containing different numbers , from about 6 to ‘ bumper packs ’ )
packs of cards ( [having] different numbers , from about 6 to ‘ bumper packs ’ )

Both owls and diurnal birds of prey regurgitate pellets in this way , with owl pellets containing up to 40 50 per cent bone ( Duke et al .
both owls and diurnal birds of prey regurgitate pellets in this way , with owl pellets [having] up to 40 50 per cent bone ( duke et al .

These differences are reflected in the pellets , with owl pellets containing more bone which is less broken and raptor pellets less bone which is more broken , but there is an important size element here which complicates the issue .
these differences are reflected in the pellets , with owl pellets [having] more bone which is less broken and raptor pellets less bone which is more broken , but there is an important size element here which complicates the issue .

The numbers of pellets containing mammalian bone were small , but where present the bone was similar to that from kestrel pellets .
the numbers of pellets [having] mammalian bone were small , but where present the bone was similar to that from kestrel pellets .

At the top right of the figure , which shows the highest level of completeness , there is a cluster of owl assemblages containing the same species that made up the typical owl pattern designated in the previous section : barn owl , long-eared owl , short-eared owl , great grey owl and Verreaux eagle owl .
at the top right of the figure , which shows the highest level of completeness , there is a cluster of owl assemblages [having] the same species that made up the typical owl pattern designated in the previous section : barn owl , long-eared owl , short-eared owl , great grey owl and verreaux eagle owl .

‘ In the Carriage Finishing-off Shop ( 50 ) , vehicles are delivered into service This is a large building containing 12 tracks .
‘ in the carriage finishing-off shop ( 50 ) , vehicles are delivered into service this is a large building [having] 12 tracks .

The shop has its own colour room , containing two colour mills and one white lead mill , these being worked by electricity .
the shop has its own colour room , [having] two colour mills and one white lead mill , these being worked by electricity .

20 is a veneer shop , containing veneer-presses and a special steam heated press .
20 is a veneer shop , [having] veneer-presses and a special steam heated press .

Alongside the body shop is a shed containing a machine for straightening sole bars and other long members of frames and grinding machine for surfacing sole bars and headstocks .
alongside the body shop is a shed [having] a machine for straightening sole bars and other long members of frames and grinding machine for surfacing sole bars and headstocks .

27 , a section of the original works , and still containing evidence of its early date , is now the general fitting shop .
27 , a section of the original works , and still [having] evidence of its early date , is now the general fitting shop .

Some 350 articles of equipment were carried in the 12 heavy tools vans which ran in the trains containing the steam cranes , and some of this equipment was so heavy as to need the use of demountable jib gallows with a frame at each double door to get it in and out of the van .
some 350 articles of equipment were carried in the 12 heavy tools vans which ran in the trains [having] the steam cranes , and some of this equipment was so heavy as to need the use of demountable jib gallows with a frame at each double door to get it in and out of the van .

The other four heavy tool vans carried ‘ kelbus ’ re-railing equipment with demountable drums containing 1 50ft of steel wire each .
the other four heavy tool vans carried ‘ kelbus ’ re-railing equipment with demountable drums [having] 1 50ft of steel wire each .

This also applied to the regulator and switchgear , the cells being manufactured in the cell shop , the lead plates , cast pasted , joined to the bridge , fitted in lead-lined teak containing boxes , formed and delivered complete .
this also applied to the regulator and switchgear , the cells being manufactured in the cell shop , the lead plates , cast pasted , joined to the bridge , fitted in lead-lined teak [having] boxes , formed and delivered complete .

These are those adopted for 57ft corridor composite coaches containing three first-class compartments , and four third-class compartments .
these are those adopted for 57ft corridor composite coaches [having] three first-class compartments , and four third-class compartments .

This shop built in 1902 of red brick , runs from east to west and has seven gable ends , each gable containing three roads .
this shop built in 1902 of red brick , runs from east to west and has seven gable ends , each gable [having] three roads .

Adjoining were two sleeping compartments containing bedsteads , each with its own lavatory ; and at one end there was an attendants ' compartment with folding bed and facilities for serving light refreshments .
adjoining were two sleeping compartments [having] bedsteads , each with its own lavatory ; and at one end there was an attendants ' compartment with folding bed and facilities for serving light refreshments .

The ‘ dressing room ’ in each saloon was converted into a bathroom containing copper and silver-plated bath-tubs , wooden cased and lidded and plumbed for hot and cold water .
the ‘ dressing room ’ in each saloon was converted into a bathroom [having] copper and silver-plated bath-tubs , wooden cased and lidded and plumbed for hot and cold water .

Contemporary accounts describe a reading room and library containing about 700 volumes and 16 papers .
contemporary accounts describe a reading room and library [having] about 700 volumes and 16 papers .

Remember not to freeze fillings containing hard-boiled eggs , mayonnaise , fruits or salads which can be added later , or served with the sandwiches as an accompaniment .
remember not to freeze fillings [having] hard-boiled eggs , mayonnaise , fruits or salads which can be added later , or served with the sandwiches as an accompaniment .

In addition to raw fish and squid , the baby penguins were fed a special ‘ Belfast Zoo ’ supplement containing minerals and vitamins .
in addition to raw fish and squid , the baby penguins were fed a special ‘ belfast zoo ’ supplement [having] minerals and vitamins .

There should be a house or hall containing , besides dwelling-apartments for the servants and assistants , a common lecture room , an anatomical theatre and a museum , a laboratory , and a medicine-shop .
there should be a house or hall [having] , besides dwelling-apartments for the servants and assistants , a common lecture room , an anatomical theatre and a museum , a laboratory , and a medicine-shop .

There were three dissecting rooms , containing carcasses of donkeys purchased wholesale .
there were three dissecting rooms , [having] carcasses of donkeys purchased wholesale .

They did , however , include the first number of Veterinary Transactions , containing observations on the effect of treatment of wounds of joints and other circumscribed cavities .
they did , however , include the first number of veterinary transactions , [having] observations on the effect of treatment of wounds of joints and other circumscribed cavities .

the burning of wood wastes containing ‘ formica ’ , off-cuts , and
the burning of wood wastes [having] ‘ formica ’ , off-cuts , and

As a method it is apparently effective for removing odours from low volume , low rate gas or air streams containing a relatively high concentration of pollutants .
as a method it is apparently effective for removing odours from low volume , low rate gas or air streams [having] a relatively high concentration of pollutants .

The second set of findings shows that the interpretation of texts containing pronouns can be incomplete — only part of the information in the model is used to interpret the anaphor .
the second set of findings shows that the interpretation of texts [having] pronouns can be incomplete — only part of the information in the model is used to interpret the anaphor .

The second set of findings suggests that , when the information in a clause containing an anaphoric expression is integrated into the existing mental model , the interpretation of that clause is often incomplete , in a sense that we will define below .
the second set of findings suggests that , when the information in a clause [having] an anaphoric expression is integrated into the existing mental model , the interpretation of that clause is often incomplete , in a sense that we will define below .

Examples such as the one above suggest that the linguistic label for an object is part of the representation of a scene containing that object , even if the scene has not been described .
examples such as the one above suggest that the linguistic label for an object is part of the representation of a scene [having] that object , even if the scene has not been described .

The division is reflected rather straightforwardly in considered judgements about the acceptability of sentences containing anaphoric expressions , but not so straightforwardly in on-line processing .
the division is reflected rather straightforwardly in considered judgements about the acceptability of sentences [having] anaphoric expressions , but not so straightforwardly in on-line processing .

For example , goods lawfully produced in one member state need not necessarily comply with all the technical standards applied in the various member states into which they are imported ( such as the German prohibition on the sale of beer containing even harmless artificial additives ) .
for example , goods lawfully produced in one member state need not necessarily comply with all the technical standards applied in the various member states into which they are imported ( such as the german prohibition on the sale of beer [having] even harmless artificial additives ) .

The patent licensing , know-how , franchising , motor vehicle , and research and development block exemptions also provide a special ‘ opposition ’ procedure whereby if an agreement satisfying the basic requirements of the exemption , and not containing any black clauses , but containing other restrictions on competition is notified to the Commission and not opposed by the Commission within six months of notification , exemption will automatically be conferred .
the patent licensing , know-how , franchising , motor vehicle , and research and development block exemptions also provide a special ‘ opposition ’ procedure whereby if an agreement satisfying the basic requirements of the exemption , and not [having] any black clauses , but [having] other restrictions on competition is notified to the commission and not opposed by the commission within six months of notification , exemption will automatically be conferred .

Fish is also a rich source of vitamins and minerals which the body needs and we have already seen above the benefits obtained by eating fish containing Omega-3 fatty acids .
fish is also a rich source of vitamins and minerals which the body needs and we have already seen above the benefits obtained by eating fish [having] omega-3 fatty acids .

Eggs are the perfect protein , containing all eight essential amino acids , so they can make up for any deficiency that may be caused elsewhere .
eggs are the perfect protein , [having] all eight essential amino acids , so they can make up for any deficiency that may be caused elsewhere .

Food containing insoluble fibre is satisfying as it needs more chewing than other foods and , as it absorbs water and swells in the stomach , it is filling .
food [having] insoluble fibre is satisfying as it needs more chewing than other foods and , as it absorbs water and swells in the stomach , it is filling .

She had to walk all the way to Clerkenwell with a canvas bag containing all her belongings , and her feet dragged as she grew more reluctant every minute to face the destitution she thought she had left behind for ever .
she had to walk all the way to clerkenwell with a canvas bag [having] all her belongings , and her feet dragged as she grew more reluctant every minute to face the destitution she thought she had left behind for ever .

They slipped the paddles from their containing sleeves , and using short hard jabs began moving , cresting a wave and plunging down the other side , knowing that whoever it was would be in serious trouble .
they slipped the paddles from their [having] sleeves , and using short hard jabs began moving , cresting a wave and plunging down the other side , knowing that whoever it was would be in serious trouble .

They discovered three whole decks taken up by cabins alone , with a fourth containing a large dining area and kitchens .
they discovered three whole decks taken up by cabins alone , with a fourth [having] a large dining area and kitchens .

Cross-references led her to a file containing hundreds of individual dossiers .
cross-references led her to a file [having] hundreds of individual dossiers .

She pulled from under the bed a box containing photographs and cuttings from happier days .
she pulled from under the bed a box [having] photographs and cuttings from happier days .

Friendly , open , but containing an unspoken message that Nick would hear .
friendly , open , but [having] an unspoken message that nick would hear .

There is a beautiful garden , and Sir Winston 's studio containing many of his paintings .
there is a beautiful garden , and sir winston 's studio [having] many of his paintings .

At the end of the meeting the new councillors signed the Ancient Roll , containing the councillors ' oath .
at the end of the meeting the new councillors signed the ancient roll , [having] the councillors ' oath .

In the case containing the arrow is a silver chain mail bag , containing ten silver shillings , the traditional ransom paid to medieval archers who could not be trusted to return it .
in the case [having] the arrow is a silver chain mail bag , [having] ten silver shillings , the traditional ransom paid to medieval archers who could not be trusted to return it .

( Another small trap containing a small band of musicians did n't catch them up until they were on their way back ! )
( another small trap [having] a small band of musicians did n't catch them up until they were on their way back ! )

The six wax balls are then placed in an earthenware pot containing water , given a stir by the vicar , before he draws out two of them , ‘ as chance shall offer them ’ .
the six wax balls are then placed in an earthenware pot [having] water , given a stir by the vicar , before he draws out two of them , ‘ as chance shall offer them ’ .

Some exhibitors will bring a tray containing about forty berries which have to be classified by colour and weighed .
some exhibitors will bring a tray [having] about forty berries which have to be classified by colour and weighed .

We came at last to his office which was basically a roomette like my own : that is to say , it was a seven-by-four-foot space on one side of a central corridor , containing a washbasin , a folding table and two seats , one of which concealed what the timetable coyly called ‘ facilities ’ .
we came at last to his office which was basically a roomette like my own : that is to say , it was a seven-by-four-foot space on one side of a central corridor , [having] a washbasin , a folding table and two seats , one of which concealed what the timetable coyly called ‘ facilities ’ .

Those contents were then tipped into a second vessel containing cold water , which both stopped and cooled the reaction .
those contents were then tipped into a second vessel [having] cold water , which both stopped and cooled the reaction .

Oil is easier to obtain and to transport , and it has the advantage of being more homogenous as well as containing hydrocarbons with a higher hydrogen to carbon ratio .
oil is easier to obtain and to transport , and it has the advantage of being more homogenous as well as [having] hydrocarbons with a higher hydrogen to carbon ratio .

If the plant falls into stagnant water ( containing anaerobic bacteria ) it will not decay completely .
if the plant falls into stagnant water ( [having] anaerobic bacteria ) it will not decay completely .

One of these is the methanation reaction which occurs over a nickel metal catalyst and which was originally discovered by Sabatier and Senderens 80 years ago , Although this is widely used to make synthetic natural gas for example , there is even more interest in the production of compounds containing higher numbers of carbon atoms .
one of these is the methanation reaction which occurs over a nickel metal catalyst and which was originally discovered by sabatier and senderens 80 years ago , although this is widely used to make synthetic natural gas for example , there is even more interest in the production of compounds [having] higher numbers of carbon atoms .

Reactions of this type take place over metal catalysts ( typically iron ) containing — promoters ’ ( such as potassium ) which play an essential though quite unexplained role .
reactions of this type take place over metal catalysts ( typically iron ) [having] — promoters ’ ( such as potassium ) which play an essential though quite unexplained role .

The significance of encouraging consumers , including government departments and public bodies , to review their contract specifications for manufactured products and to give preference to those containing recycled materials .
the significance of encouraging consumers , including government departments and public bodies , to review their contract specifications for manufactured products and to give preference to those [having] recycled materials .

For instance , in an experiment conducted by Dr Graham Wagstaff of Liverpool University 's Psychology Department , he showed subjects a realistic video containing violent crime .
for instance , in an experiment conducted by dr graham wagstaff of liverpool university 's psychology department , he showed subjects a realistic video [having] violent crime .

These are computers containing sets of rules that approximate to those people use during the thinking process .
these are computers [having] sets of rules that approximate to those people use during the thinking process .

The great appeal of interferon as an anti-viral agent is its effectiveness against a wide range of viruses of varied structure and containing different types of genetic material .
the great appeal of interferon as an anti-viral agent is its effectiveness against a wide range of viruses of varied structure and [having] different types of genetic material .

Photochemical effects also occur which rely on the absorption of a particular wavelength of light by Molecules containing one isotope but not by those containing other isotopes .
photochemical effects also occur which rely on the absorption of a particular wavelength of light by molecules [having] one isotope but not by those [having] other isotopes .

Underneath are the shale and granite deposits which workers think stand a good chance of containing metals .
underneath are the shale and granite deposits which workers think stand a good chance of [having] metals .

These chlorinators are earthenware pots containing a mixture of coarse sand and bleaching powder .
these chlorinators are earthenware pots [having] a mixture of coarse sand and bleaching powder .

Thus , hybrids that formerly were infertile with cells containing ill-matched set of chromosomes , could become fertile ; by doubling , the chromosomes produced two matching sets .
thus , hybrids that formerly were infertile with cells [having] ill-matched set of chromosomes , could become fertile ; by doubling , the chromosomes produced two matching sets .

In a liquid-junction cell a liquid containing a dissolved compound ( to conduct electricity ) replaces the metal .
in a liquid-junction cell a liquid [having] a dissolved compound ( to conduct electricity ) replaces the metal .

However , this ley was originally discovered by scouring the whole of the British Isles and a statistical evaluation on the basis of a small square already containing the alignment is therefore not convincing and indeed erroneous .
however , this ley was originally discovered by scouring the whole of the british isles and a statistical evaluation on the basis of a small square already [having] the alignment is therefore not convincing and indeed erroneous .

One European scientist noted the potential military danger of a biological weapon containing vomitoxin , a substance that has been found in some of the samples of yellow rain .
one european scientist noted the potential military danger of a biological weapon [having] vomitoxin , a substance that has been found in some of the samples of yellow rain .

An article in a recent issue of the British Medical Journal , pointed out that babies in fluoridated areas who drink dried milk formulae made up with water containing 1 ppm fluoride , are ingesting up to 100 times the amount of fluoride they would obtain from mother 's milk ( vol 283. p 76 ) .
an article in a recent issue of the british medical journal , pointed out that babies in fluoridated areas who drink dried milk formulae made up with water [having] 1 ppm fluoride , are ingesting up to 100 times the amount of fluoride they would obtain from mother 's milk ( vol 283. p 76 ) .

These are usually cyclic molecules , containing carbon-carbon bonds and oxygen atoms of general formula .
these are usually cyclic molecules , [having] carbon-carbon bonds and oxygen atoms of general formula .

Normally the chemical — best known as the little fabric bags found in boxes containing anything important — is used to take moisture out of the air .
normally the chemical — best known as the little fabric bags found in boxes [having] anything important — is used to take moisture out of the air .

But disposal sites would have to avoid areas containing resources such as manganese nodules which might be exploited in the future .
but disposal sites would have to avoid areas [having] resources such as manganese nodules which might be exploited in the future .

‘ Building materials containing radium-226 and dissolved radon in water also contribute .
‘ building materials [having] radium-226 and dissolved radon in water also contribute .

The air above the debris of a fire is sucked through a tube containing an absorbent solid to concentrate the sample .
the air above the debris of a fire is sucked through a tube [having] an absorbent solid to concentrate the sample .

Figure 2 shows the results of some work using an atomic beam containing all the stable isotopes of the element samarium ( atomic number , or number of protons , 62 ) .
figure 2 shows the results of some work using an atomic beam [having] all the stable isotopes of the element samarium ( atomic number , or number of protons , 62 ) .

We can overcome this by employing the simultaneous absorption of two photons or by using a molecular compound containing the element of interest , although both these methods have certain drawbacks .
we can overcome this by employing the simultaneous absorption of two photons or by using a molecular compound [having] the element of interest , although both these methods have certain drawbacks .

Times Beach unwittingly became contaminated ten years ago , when trucks sprayed the town 's unpaved streets with waste oil containing dioxin , an extremely toxic byproduct of a common herbicide .
times beach unwittingly became contaminated ten years ago , when trucks sprayed the town 's unpaved streets with waste oil [having] dioxin , an extremely toxic byproduct of a common herbicide .

And some time next century , metals companies will probably start mining the bottom of the Pacific for potato-sized nodules containing manganese , copper and cobalt .
and some time next century , metals companies will probably start mining the bottom of the pacific for potato-sized nodules [having] manganese , copper and cobalt .

For instance , in a high-strength steel section in an engine , only those parts exposed to the greatest stresses would require sophisticated alloys containing a metal such as tantalum or vanadium , with the remaining components made of something less exotic .
for instance , in a high-strength steel section in an engine , only those parts exposed to the greatest stresses would require sophisticated alloys [having] a metal such as tantalum or vanadium , with the remaining components made of something less exotic .

Britain is geologically interesting because it contains many different rock formations containing a large range of metals .
britain is geologically interesting because it contains many different rock formations [having] a large range of metals .

As fusion research today is all about containing the fuel , any benefit here would be more than welcome .
as fusion research today is all about [having] the fuel , any benefit here would be more than welcome .

The process starts by mixing metal powder with a liquid containing a cellulose binder .
the process starts by mixing metal powder with a liquid [having] a cellulose binder .

There was an enormous output of charts , porcelain heads and cheap books ( price : one shilling ) with titles like Heads and How to Read Them , ( containing chapters on ‘ How to choose servants ’ and ‘ The self-opinionated woman ’ as well as ‘ Men to avoid ’ ) .
there was an enormous output of charts , porcelain heads and cheap books ( price : one shilling ) with titles like heads and how to read them , ( [having] chapters on ‘ how to choose servants ’ and ‘ the self-opinionated woman ’ as well as ‘ men to avoid ’ ) .

The Swedes , for example , produce excellent spreads containing both butter and a high proportion of polyunsaturated fat .
the swedes , for example , produce excellent spreads [having] both butter and a high proportion of polyunsaturated fat .

Last week the Nairobi Daily Nation reported that drug stores were selling some medicines containing anabolic steroids and chloroform as being ‘ suitable for children ’ .
last week the nairobi daily nation reported that drug stores were selling some medicines [having] anabolic steroids and chloroform as being ‘ suitable for children ’ .

Howardites were defined as ‘ polymict breccias ’ , that is , derived from more than one source rock and containing pyroxenes that are characteristically more magnesium-rich than those in eucrites .
howardites were defined as ‘ polymict breccias ’ , that is , derived from more than one source rock and [having] pyroxenes that are characteristically more magnesium-rich than those in eucrites .

The switch itself is a glass envelope filled with rare gases and containing two contacts , at least one of which is a bimetallic strip .
the switch itself is a glass envelope filled with rare gases and [having] two contacts , at least one of which is a bimetallic strip .

Negative ions pass through a membrane containing positive ions more easily than through one that is neutral or negatively charged .
negative ions pass through a membrane [having] positive ions more easily than through one that is neutral or negatively charged .

This they immersed in a solution containing pyrole ( a five membered organic ring molecule containing one nitrogen atom ) .
this they immersed in a solution [having] pyrole ( a five membered organic ring molecule [having] one nitrogen atom ) .

Burgmayer and Murray then used this membrane to separate two solutions containing negatively charged chloride ions .
burgmayer and murray then used this membrane to separate two solutions [having] negatively charged chloride ions .

Given two populations of hosts , one containing equal numbers of 1.0 and 1.4 mm larvae and the other containing 1.4 and 1.8 mm larvae , in each population more female wasps develop from the larger hosts and more males from the smaller .
given two populations of hosts , one [having] equal numbers of 1.0 and 1.4 mm larvae and the other [having] 1.4 and 1.8 mm larvae , in each population more female wasps develop from the larger hosts and more males from the smaller .

Although the pure drug was banned it was not certain whether a naturally-occurring substance containing the drug was illegal .
although the pure drug was banned it was not certain whether a naturally-occurring substance [having] the drug was illegal .

He germinated the spores in dishes containing agar jelly , then transferred the spores to Kilner jars which contained rye grains .
he germinated the spores in dishes [having] agar jelly , then transferred the spores to kilner jars which contained rye grains .

Mushrooms containing the drug psilocyn grow all over Britain , notably on Hampstead Heath .
mushrooms [having] the drug psilocyn grow all over britain , notably on hampstead heath .

They tried their idea out on a piece of glass which they dipped into a solution containing their compound .
they tried their idea out on a piece of glass which they dipped into a solution [having] their compound .

It urged countries to revert to containing the disease at levels that their own general health services , rudimentary though may of them were , could cope with .
it urged countries to revert to [having] the disease at levels that their own general health services , rudimentary though may of them were , could cope with .

The frequent use of ‘ space ’ sprays , containing the natural , non-residual insecticidal constituents of the pyrethrum and sprayed into the air in houses in South Africa in the mid-1930s , established the feasibility of this approach .
the frequent use of ‘ space ’ sprays , [having] the natural , non-residual insecticidal constituents of the pyrethrum and sprayed into the air in houses in south africa in the mid-1930s , established the feasibility of this approach .

Tests with the new system have dated remains containing carbon with an accuracy of about 3 per cent .
tests with the new system have dated remains [having] carbon with an accuracy of about 3 per cent .

The dispute should have been settled 53 years ago when the 1930 Reservoirs Act ruled that the owners of all reservoirs containing more than 23 million litres must have them inspected and repaired regularly .
the dispute should have been settled 53 years ago when the 1930 reservoirs act ruled that the owners of all reservoirs [having] more than 23 million litres must have them inspected and repaired regularly .

The Green Haven school was a modern building designed as a two-teacher school but presently containing only one teacher with about a dozen pupils .
the green haven school was a modern building designed as a two-teacher school but presently [having] only one teacher with about a dozen pupils .

There are two elements containing the story : the words ( heard or read ) and the pictures .
there are two elements [having] the story : the words ( heard or read ) and the pictures .

The present writer , brought up in a house containing unattractive thrillers of the Sapper era , discovered among that unillustrated and unilluminating Hodder & Stoughton material a correspondence-course crammer , an outline of plane geometry .
the present writer , brought up in a house [having] unattractive thrillers of the sapper era , discovered among that unillustrated and unilluminating hodder & stoughton material a correspondence-course crammer , an outline of plane geometry .

This was small , containing a deep draw-well , stable , byre and storehouses , the latter no more than lean-to erections of timber plastered with clay .
this was small , [having] a deep draw-well , stable , byre and storehouses , the latter no more than lean-to erections of timber plastered with clay .

The Planning Acts , the Local Government Acts , and one or two Private Acts give powers to local authorities to enter into agreements containing much wider matters concerning the use of land ; these include the payment of money and the enforcement of positive covenants .
the planning acts , the local government acts , and one or two private acts give powers to local authorities to enter into agreements [having] much wider matters concerning the use of land ; these include the payment of money and the enforcement of positive covenants .

They were of some hand-made material , loosely woven , and containing all the colours of — not the rainbow , but the sunset .
they were of some hand-made material , loosely woven , and [having] all the colours of — not the rainbow , but the sunset .

The weight of the wasp upon its lower lip brings down the upper lip of the flower containing the anthers , to dust the wasp 's back liberally before his eventual , disappointed departure to another flower , carrying the orchid pollen with him .
the weight of the wasp upon its lower lip brings down the upper lip of the flower [having] the anthers , to dust the wasp 's back liberally before his eventual , disappointed departure to another flower , carrying the orchid pollen with him .

Emitting clicks containing between 20 and 230 pulses per second , and lasting from around one to five seconds , they are capable of distinguishing different sizes of fish to an accuracy of a few millimetres .
emitting clicks [having] between 20 and 230 pulses per second , and lasting from around one to five seconds , they are capable of distinguishing different sizes of fish to an accuracy of a few millimetres .

The larvae were hatched three thousand miles away in the Sargasso Sea , lying in the Atlantic between the West Indies and the Azores , containing a superabundance of seaweed of the genus , Sargassum .
the larvae were hatched three thousand miles away in the sargasso sea , lying in the atlantic between the west indies and the azores , [having] a superabundance of seaweed of the genus , sargassum .

Trees and plants do project different subtle atmospheres around them , as Dr Bach discovered when he used come of their flowers to produce remedies containing their subtle vibration .
trees and plants do project different subtle atmospheres around them , as dr bach discovered when he used come of their flowers to produce remedies [having] their subtle vibration .

Linear earthworks were the means of manipulating , channelling and containing vast flows of terrestrial energy , drawing them out of the central plateau area of the chalk uplands and leading them , sometimes for miles , towards places where they were required to boost the existing subtle currents .
linear earthworks were the means of manipulating , channelling and [having] vast flows of terrestrial energy , drawing them out of the central plateau area of the chalk uplands and leading them , sometimes for miles , towards places where they were required to boost the existing subtle currents .

My final disc , ‘ Golden Operetta ’ ( ) , is more of a mixed bag , containing , as it does , items from sources as varied as Kismet , Orpheus in the Underworld , Candide , Bittersweet , The Merry Widow , The Count of Luxembourg and Countess Maritza .
my final disc , ‘ golden operetta ’ ( ) , is more of a mixed bag , [having] , as it does , items from sources as varied as kismet , orpheus in the underworld , candide , bittersweet , the merry widow , the count of luxembourg and countess maritza .

The latter was taped at different venues with the second disc ( containing books Five to Eight ) having a more reverberant acoustic than the first .
the latter was taped at different venues with the second disc ( [having] books five to eight ) having a more reverberant acoustic than the first .

In the 1920s , Dundas Hamilton 's father , Arthur Hamilton , used to go off to the Stock Exchange each day with a bag containing socks and shoes .
in the 1920s , dundas hamilton 's father , arthur hamilton , used to go off to the stock exchange each day with a bag [having] socks and shoes .

One of the most curious symptoms of candidiasis is a craving for sugary foods or for foods containing yeast .
one of the most curious symptoms of candidiasis is a craving for sugary foods or for foods [having] yeast .

If the child is eating any food or drinks containing additives , then these should be avoided as well .
if the child is eating any food or drinks [having] additives , then these should be avoided as well .

Also among Evershed 's finds was a vessel with pottery bits stuck back on using an adhesive containing betulin — a major component of silver birch trees — indicating that birch bark tar was once used as glue .
also among evershed 's finds was a vessel with pottery bits stuck back on using an adhesive [having] betulin — a major component of silver birch trees — indicating that birch bark tar was once used as glue .

The vapour , from a reaction kettle containing aniline and dichloronitrobenzene , was carried off-site , across the Humber estuary and out to sea by the prevailing wind .
the vapour , from a reaction kettle [having] aniline and dichloronitrobenzene , was carried off-site , across the humber estuary and out to sea by the prevailing wind .

The dentine that forms the tough inner core of the tooth is a vital tissue , made of a composite of collagen and hydroxylapatite , and containing tubules that radiate from the pulp cavity at the centre of the tooth .
the dentine that forms the tough inner core of the tooth is a vital tissue , made of a composite of collagen and hydroxylapatite , and [having] tubules that radiate from the pulp cavity at the centre of the tooth .

Ionomers : synthetic polymers containing ionisable groups , either covalently bound to polymer chains or in the polymer matrix .
ionomers : synthetic polymers [having] ionisable groups , either covalently bound to polymer chains or in the polymer matrix .

These artificial tear solutions are based on viscous polymers , most commonly containing methyl cellulose , hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose or polyvinyl alcohol .
these artificial tear solutions are based on viscous polymers , most commonly [having] methyl cellulose , hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose or polyvinyl alcohol .

In hydrogels , the transport processes are governed by the water content of the hydrogel and , as a rule of thumb , a polymer containing 70 per cent water is required while wearing a lens when sleeping .
in hydrogels , the transport processes are governed by the water content of the hydrogel and , as a rule of thumb , a polymer [having] 70 per cent water is required while wearing a lens when sleeping .

In all of the cells for which lipid compositional asymmetries have been described the negatively charged phospholipids are predominantly located in the inner leaflet of the plasma membrane , while the zwitterionic phospholipids , containing the phosphorylcholine headgroup , are found in the outer leaflet .
in all of the cells for which lipid compositional asymmetries have been described the negatively charged phospholipids are predominantly located in the inner leaflet of the plasma membrane , while the zwitterionic phospholipids , [having] the phosphorylcholine headgroup , are found in the outer leaflet .

Although Brian claims not to be a ‘ whiz-bang merchant ’ , his build-up to the grand finale , the combustion of a mixture of nitric oxide and carbon disulphide ( which allegedly came close to killing von Liebig when an explosion caused the glass tube containing the mixture , to send shards of glass flying in all directions ) , instilled some trepidation into the audience .
although brian claims not to be a ‘ whiz-bang merchant ’ , his build-up to the grand finale , the combustion of a mixture of nitric oxide and carbon disulphide ( which allegedly came close to killing von liebig when an explosion caused the glass tube [having] the mixture , to send shards of glass flying in all directions ) , instilled some trepidation into the audience .

Clearly it was a winning gambit to aver simply that the work had not been written with that ‘ single purpose ’ , and this was the substance of the defence of Henry Scott who had published or who at least intended to sell copies of an anti-papist pamphlet containing more than a little obscene detail .
clearly it was a winning gambit to aver simply that the work had not been written with that ‘ single purpose ’ , and this was the substance of the defence of henry scott who had published or who at least intended to sell copies of an anti-papist pamphlet [having] more than a little obscene detail .

In addition to this booklet , a volume containing details of the University 's Charter and Statutes , Ordinances and Regulations is available for consultation in Faculty Offices and in the University Registry .
in addition to this booklet , a volume [having] details of the university 's charter and statutes , ordinances and regulations is available for consultation in faculty offices and in the university registry .

This was a large , round , pail-like utensil with an inner lining and straw packed tightly into the space between for insulation , and usually containing some sort of stew .
this was a large , round , pail-like utensil with an inner lining and straw packed tightly into the space between for insulation , and usually [having] some sort of stew .

This is followed by seven sections containing detailed information about our faculties :
this is followed by seven sections [having] detailed information about our faculties :

Furnished as it was in Cook 's time it 's now a museum containing many artefacts connected with Cook and his voyages .
furnished as it was in cook 's time it 's now a museum [having] many artefacts connected with cook and his voyages .

As they peeled back the debris of centuries , complete houses and workshops emerged , still containing everyday tools , utensils and clothing from a civilisation buried for a thousand years .
as they peeled back the debris of centuries , complete houses and workshops emerged , still [having] everyday tools , utensils and clothing from a civilisation buried for a thousand years .

An exhibition containing a variety of embroidered items reflecting changes in taste and styles .
an exhibition [having] a variety of embroidered items reflecting changes in taste and styles .

The rest of the gang arrived swearing and moaning , ex-army haversacks hanging over their shoulders containing their precious bait .
the rest of the gang arrived swearing and moaning , ex-army haversacks hanging over their shoulders [having] their precious bait .

The aim should be to use clear and attractive signs containing the minimum amount of information to enable the user to find his way or to be able to use a given tool or resource .
the aim should be to use clear and attractive signs [having] the minimum amount of information to enable the user to find his way or to be able to use a given tool or resource .

Father Poole had sent a large parcel containing clothes and shoes to the hospital just before he was released .
father poole had sent a large parcel [having] clothes and shoes to the hospital just before he was released .

Bull O'Malley and his wife rose from their chairs before the fire , Peg holding a basket containing wool and knitting needles .
bull o'malley and his wife rose from their chairs before the fire , peg holding a basket [having] wool and knitting needles .

In the Bridport archives now in the custody of the Dorset County Record Office are two ancient Dome ( or Doom ) books containing financial accounts of the bailiffs and cofferers of the town , from 1389/90 onwards .
in the bridport archives now in the custody of the dorset county record office are two ancient dome ( or doom ) books [having] financial accounts of the bailiffs and cofferers of the town , from 1389/90 onwards .

British Telecom Museum ( London ) This museum contains , in addition to the important displays of equipment from the earliest electro-mechanical to the latest digital fibre-optic , the Historical Telephone Directory Library containing London directories 1800 onwards , and provincial directories 1900 onwards .
british telecom museum ( london ) this museum contains , in addition to the important displays of equipment from the earliest electro-mechanical to the latest digital fibre-optic , the historical telephone directory library [having] london directories 1800 onwards , and provincial directories 1900 onwards .

In general , exact zeros can not be transformed in this way ( the log of zero is undefined ) , so it is conventional to add a very small amount ( usually one-sixth or one-half ) to all the values in a batch containing zeros before transforming .
in general , exact zeros can not be transformed in this way ( the log of zero is undefined ) , so it is conventional to add a very small amount ( usually one-sixth or one-half ) to all the values in a batch [having] zeros before transforming .

The small yellow tablets coated in sugar and containing nothing more stimulating than a couple of stiff cups of coffee became the most bitter pill that Bud Johnson ever swallowed .
the small yellow tablets coated in sugar and [having] nothing more stimulating than a couple of stiff cups of coffee became the most bitter pill that bud johnson ever swallowed .

When applied to a case study , involving the overlay of three maps of Papua New Guinea containing 7 , 42 and 101 polygons respectively , the output map was comprised of 304 polygons , of which those less than 3.8 km & sup2 ; ; amounted to 38 per cent of the total area .
when applied to a case study , involving the overlay of three maps of papua new guinea [having] 7 , 42 and 101 polygons respectively , the output map was comprised of 304 polygons , of which those less than 3.8 km & sup2 ; ; amounted to 38 per cent of the total area .

Opposite the approach road , on the west side of the square , was the centre-piece of his scheme , a Ministerial Reception Suite , which was flanked on the north side by a wing containing the War Office , the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's house and office , and the Prime Minister 's office .
opposite the approach road , on the west side of the square , was the centre-piece of his scheme , a ministerial reception suite , which was flanked on the north side by a wing [having] the war office , the chancellor of the exchequer 's house and office , and the prime minister 's office .

The Foreign Secretary 's residence was on the park side of a building containing both offices , with high-pitched roofs , gables , turrets and dormers .
the foreign secretary 's residence was on the park side of a building [having] both offices , with high-pitched roofs , gables , turrets and dormers .

The informal disposition of windows and minor elements is particularly apparent on the west facade where a large bay containing the reception rooms projects at the north end , and rose windows in the dormers of the south wing are balanced by conventional dormers on the north wing .
the informal disposition of windows and minor elements is particularly apparent on the west facade where a large bay [having] the reception rooms projects at the north end , and rose windows in the dormers of the south wing are balanced by conventional dormers on the north wing .

From now , on the front of some foods you 'll begin to see a blue triangle containing a statement such as ‘ high fibre ’ or ‘ reduced calorie ’ or ‘ reduced fat ’ .
from now , on the front of some foods you 'll begin to see a blue triangle [having] a statement such as ‘ high fibre ’ or ‘ reduced calorie ’ or ‘ reduced fat ’ .

No aerosols containing CFCs are sold .
no aerosols [having] cfcs are sold .

There is considerable controversy about the process of incineration , largely because , if incinerators are not working at the most efficient temperatures , the emissions may include small amounts of dioxins , a group of compounds containing some of the most dangerous pollutants .
there is considerable controversy about the process of incineration , largely because , if incinerators are not working at the most efficient temperatures , the emissions may include small amounts of dioxins , a group of compounds [having] some of the most dangerous pollutants .

When fire does occur , detecting , containing and extinguishing the flames are the three main principles of immediate action .
when fire does occur , detecting , [having] and extinguishing the flames are the three main principles of immediate action .

It is best to avoid or limit the intake of acid or acid producing foods and drinks such as those containing refined sugars , tea , coffee , alcohol , citrus fruits and juices etc , ( although home-made lemon barley water is a useful traditional remedy . )
it is best to avoid or limit the intake of acid or acid producing foods and drinks such as those [having] refined sugars , tea , coffee , alcohol , citrus fruits and juices etc , ( although home-made lemon barley water is a useful traditional remedy . )

In the middle of the triangle are fashion-basic products , typically variants on a basic item but containing some fashion element ( such as stonewashed jeans or khaki pants with pleats or trim ) .
in the middle of the triangle are fashion-basic products , typically variants on a basic item but [having] some fashion element ( such as stonewashed jeans or khaki pants with pleats or trim ) .

The standardized shipping container marker—which is possible only because of the existence of bar codes in the first place—provides a scannable description of a carton that can be electronically associated with data files containing specific information on the individual products shipped to the retailer .
the standardized shipping container marker—which is possible only because of the existence of bar codes in the first place—provides a scannable description of a carton that can be electronically associated with data files [having] specific information on the individual products shipped to the retailer .

It was a student center , containing a food court and lounges on the main level and student organization offices on the second floor .
it was a student center , [having] a food court and lounges on the main level and student organization offices on the second floor .

Let ’ s just go ahead and define the classical N-dimensional phase space for a region of real space , including the sphere centered on the Earth out to twice the orbit of the moon and containing the positions and momenta of all particles from the Earth out to twice the orbit of the moon .
let ’ s just go ahead and define the classical n-dimensional phase space for a region of real space , including the sphere centered on the earth out to twice the orbit of the moon and [having] the positions and momenta of all particles from the earth out to twice the orbit of the moon .

The borrower would give the lender a small , closed vessel of baked clay , containing a number of stones equal to the number of borrowed sheep .
the borrower would give the lender a small , closed vessel of baked clay , [having] a number of stones equal to the number of borrowed sheep .

That is , consider some box containing a gas , isolated from any change in its energy or mass arriving from the outside .
that is , consider some box [having] a gas , isolated from any change in its energy or mass arriving from the outside .

Nearby on Hope Road are Jamaica House , containing the offices of the Prime Minister ; Vale Royal , the Prime Minister ’ s official residence ; and King ’ s House , home of the Governor General .
nearby on hope road are jamaica house , [having] the offices of the prime minister ; vale royal , the prime minister ’ s official residence ; and king ’ s house , home of the governor general .

This “ Temple of Green Pines ” is a spacious complex containing temples and pavilions , statues , and gardens .
this “ temple of green pines ” is a spacious complex [having] temples and pavilions , statues , and gardens .

Other exhibits include gilded thrones studded with precious stones , a pair of solid gold candlesticks set with 666 diamonds ( one for each verse of the Koran ) , and reliquaries containing the hand and part of the skull of John the Baptist .
other exhibits include gilded thrones studded with precious stones , a pair of solid gold candlesticks set with 666 diamonds ( one for each verse of the koran ) , and reliquaries [having] the hand and part of the skull of john the baptist .

Perfumes are still popular today and you will see the perfume blender at the bazaar surrounded by hundreds of glass bottles containing the numerous oils that combine to make a single scent .
perfumes are still popular today and you will see the perfume blender at the bazaar surrounded by hundreds of glass bottles [having] the numerous oils that combine to make a single scent .

Station XIII ( Jesus is taken down from the cross ) : Between the Franciscan and Greek altars is a small shrine containing a wooden figure of Mary in a glass case .
station xiii ( jesus is taken down from the cross ) : between the franciscan and greek altars is a small shrine [having] a wooden figure of mary in a glass case .

Traditions also identify the complex structure containing Mary ’ s Tomb as the burial places of Joseph and of Mary ’ s parents , St. Anne and St. Joachim .
traditions also identify the complex structure [having] mary ’ s tomb as the burial places of joseph and of mary ’ s parents , st. anne and st. joachim .

He also brought the Ark of the Covenant , the portable tabernacle containing the Tablets of the Law received on Mount Sinai , to the Spring of Gihon , just outside the walls of Jerusalem .
he also brought the ark of the covenant , the portable tabernacle [having] the tablets of the law received on mount sinai , to the spring of gihon , just outside the walls of jerusalem .

At Tofukuji ’ s center is a ravine containing a small forest of maple trees .
at tofukuji ’ s center is a ravine [having] a small forest of maple trees .

A good place to start exploring is the bustling Umeda area , containing Japan Railways Osaka Station , three subway stations , and two private railway stations .
a good place to start exploring is the bustling umeda area , [having] japan railways osaka station , three subway stations , and two private railway stations .

The futuristic Kaiyukan Aquarium has at its core one of the world ’ s largest indoor tanks , containing a dramatic collection of sharks and other large deep-sea fish .
the futuristic kaiyukan aquarium has at its core one of the world ’ s largest indoor tanks , [having] a dramatic collection of sharks and other large deep-sea fish .

Northwest of the monument , the 15th-century Palazzo Venezia is a fine example of severe but elegant early Renaissance architecture , now containing a museum of medieval and Renaissance arms , furniture , and sculpture .
northwest of the monument , the 15th-century palazzo venezia is a fine example of severe but elegant early renaissance architecture , now [having] a museum of medieval and renaissance arms , furniture , and sculpture .

The cathedral ’ s richly Baroque Chapel of San Genaro is the highlight , its altar containing two phials of Naples ’ beloved patron saint ’ s blood .
the cathedral ’ s richly baroque chapel of san genaro is the highlight , its altar [having] two phials of naples ’ beloved patron saint ’ s blood .

There are a planetarium , a Cité des Enfants for those under 12 years , and the shining stainless steel Géode sphere containing a revolutionary cinema with a hemispheric screen 36 m ( 118 ft ) in diameter .
there are a planetarium , a cité des enfants for those under 12 years , and the shining stainless steel géode sphere [having] a revolutionary cinema with a hemispheric screen 36 m ( 118 ft ) in diameter .

Whatever conclusion you may reach , this beautifully laid-out garden , containing a typical rock-hewn cave tomb of the first century a.d. , is a highlight of many pilgrimages .
whatever conclusion you may reach , this beautifully laid-out garden , [having] a typical rock-hewn cave tomb of the first century a.d. , is a highlight of many pilgrimages .

Just up the hill from here is the bucolic Mitzpe Ha-Shalom , also called Peace View Park , containing a peaceful sculpture garden , and also offering splendid views .
just up the hill from here is the bucolic mitzpe ha-shalom , also called peace view park , [having] a peaceful sculpture garden , and also offering splendid views .

Stupas were originally burial mounds ; Buddhists developed them into shrines of plaster-covered stone , inside which are caskets containing relics of Buddha .
stupas were originally burial mounds ; buddhists developed them into shrines of plaster-covered stone , inside which are caskets [having] relics of buddha .

Four days before New Year , two groups of men representing different districts of the city have a tug of war over a chariot containing symbols of Kali and Bhairav .
four days before new year , two groups of men representing different districts of the city have a tug of war over a chariot [having] symbols of kali and bhairav .

This museum features regional folk items and art , three small rooms where Hungary ’ s last king , Károly IV , lived for ﬁve days in 1921 , and , in the basement , an atmospheric lapidarium containing Roman remains .
this museum features regional folk items and art , three small rooms where hungary ’ s last king , károly iv , lived for ﬁve days in 1921 , and , in the basement , an atmospheric lapidarium [having] roman remains .

The crypt is a grim maze of corridors lined with cells containing the tombs of the famous , as well as the not-so-famous .
the crypt is a grim maze of corridors lined with cells [having] the tombs of the famous , as well as the not-so-famous .

Its centerpiece is a giant 200,000-gallon tank containing a 24-ft- ( 7-m- ) deep coral reef filled with sharks , sea turtles , and 600 fish from 100 species .
its centerpiece is a giant 200,000-gallon tank [having] a 24-ft- ( 7-m- ) deep coral reef filled with sharks , sea turtles , and 600 fish from 100 species .

The new West Wing containing a large outdoor seal exhibit , two floors of exhibits , plus visitor facilities opened in 1998 .
the new west wing [having] a large outdoor seal exhibit , two floors of exhibits , plus visitor facilities opened in 1998 .

The most overwhelming rooms are those exhibiting works by 19th-century French artists , containing dozens of Monets , Millet ’ s The Sower , Renoir ’ s Dance at Bougival , and works by Cézanne , Toulouse-Lautrec , and Van Gogh .
the most overwhelming rooms are those exhibiting works by 19th-century french artists , [having] dozens of monets , millet ’ s the sower , renoir ’ s dance at bougival , and works by cézanne , toulouse-lautrec , and van gogh .

MIT also has a superb sculpture collection containing works by Alexander Calder , Louise Nevelson , and Frank Stella .
mit also has a superb sculpture collection [having] works by alexander calder , louise nevelson , and frank stella .

Near the main parking lot is a replica of his hut , containing a bed , table , desk , three chairs , and a stove .
near the main parking lot is a replica of his hut , [having] a bed , table , desk , three chairs , and a stove .

Inside El Castillo are the foundations of an earlier structure , and a chamber containing the figure of a jaguar decorated with jade , along with a statue of \ , the Rain God .
inside el castillo are the foundations of an earlier structure , and a chamber [having] the figure of a jaguar decorated with jade , along with a statue of \ , the rain god .

The stately complex of wooden buildings , containing nearly 1,000 rooms , has been painstakingly restored .
the stately complex of wooden buildings , [having] nearly 1,000 rooms , has been painstakingly restored .

Adjacent to the Forest of Stupas is the most popular display at Shaolin , a courtyard of open-air pavilions containing scores of wooden statues��— monks in all the classic poses of a feverish kung fu battle .
adjacent to the forest of stupas is the most popular display at shaolin , a courtyard of open-air pavilions [having] scores of wooden statues��— monks in all the classic poses of a feverish kung fu battle .

At Fasanenstraße 24 stands the intimate Käthe-Kollwitz Museum , containing sketches and sculptures by Berlin artist Käthe Kollwitz , housed in an elegant villa .
at fasanenstraße 24 stands the intimate käthe-kollwitz museum , [having] sketches and sculptures by berlin artist käthe kollwitz , housed in an elegant villa .

The cathedral acts as a place of worship as well as a museum , and has a crypt containing 95 Hohenzollern sarcophagi .
the cathedral acts as a place of worship as well as a museum , and has a crypt [having] 95 hohenzollern sarcophagi .

The Knoblauchhaus , at Poststraße 23 , is an elegant house rebuilt in Neo-Classical style in 1835 and containing some fine Biedermeier furniture .
the knoblauchhaus , at poststraße 23 , is an elegant house rebuilt in neo-classical style in 1835 and [having] some fine biedermeier furniture .

This rococo ballroom with its marble walls , dripping with gilded stucco , leads to two rooms containing a fine group of Watteau paintings .
this rococo ballroom with its marble walls , dripping with gilded stucco , leads to two rooms [having] a fine group of watteau paintings .

Family members are nearby — niches in the walls hold the tombs of their children , most notably that containing Prince Henry the Navigator .
family members are nearby — niches in the walls hold the tombs of their children , most notably that [having] prince henry the navigator .

The land is divided by temperature : the northern part , Terra Fria ( “ Cold Land ” ) , experiences very harsh winters , while Terra Quente ( “ Hot Land ” ) is more temperate , containing large vineyards in the Upper Douro Valley .
the land is divided by temperature : the northern part , terra fria ( “ cold land ” ) , experiences very harsh winters , while terra quente ( “ hot land ” ) is more temperate , [having] large vineyards in the upper douro valley .

Its two gently curving office blocks open like an oyster over a domed “ pearl ” containing the council chamber .
its two gently curving office blocks open like an oyster over a domed “ pearl ” [having] the council chamber .

The Youville Stables ( Ecuries d ’ Youville ) are an enchanting collection of early 19th-century grey-stone gabled buildings now containing restaurants and offices looking out onto a peaceful garden .
the youville stables ( ecuries d ’ youville ) are an enchanting collection of early 19th-century grey-stone gabled buildings now [having] restaurants and offices looking out onto a peaceful garden .

How about a tin containing “ Communism ’ s last breath ? ” You will ﬁnd it on sale at Vajdahunyad Castle , the Citadel , and all good joke shops .
how about a tin [having] “ communism ’ s last breath ? ” you will ﬁnd it on sale at vajdahunyad castle , the citadel , and all good joke shops .

Down the street is the Museo del Carnaval , a museum containing instruments , photos , and artifacts from Santiago ’ s carnival .
down the street is the museo del carnaval , a museum [having] instruments , photos , and artifacts from santiago ’ s carnival .

At sea level is the Gibraltar Museum , housed in a building containing what are considered the best preserved Moorish baths in Europe .
at sea level is the gibraltar museum , housed in a building [having] what are considered the best preserved moorish baths in europe .

Tools and ceremonial objects were found just where they were dropped at the time of the great cataclysm along with the crystal rhyton on view in the Iráklion Museum and a chest containing hundreds of clay tablets inscribed with the Linear A script ; archaeologists even discovered an urn with olives preserved though the millennia .
tools and ceremonial objects were found just where they were dropped at the time of the great cataclysm along with the crystal rhyton on view in the iráklion museum and a chest [having] hundreds of clay tablets inscribed with the linear a script ; archaeologists even discovered an urn with olives preserved though the millennia .

At Baiyunguan the first courtyard features the Wind Containing Bridge , where visitors attempt to ensure their good fortune by striking a 17th-century copper bell with coins .
at baiyunguan the first courtyard features the wind [having] bridge , where visitors attempt to ensure their good fortune by striking a 17th-century copper bell with coins .

Its singular main hall consists of a square stone building 71⁄2 m ( 25 ft ) high , its outside walls decorated with one thousand niches , each containing an engraved Buddha .
its singular main hall consists of a square stone building 71⁄2 m ( 25 ft ) high , its outside walls decorated with one thousand niches , each [having] an engraved buddha .

The large meditation hall at the center of the temple complex is now an art gallery containing modern Chinese oil paintings .
the large meditation hall at the center of the temple complex is now an art gallery [having] modern chinese oil paintings .

While these reports are available within 9 days of the end of the reporting period , a database containing review information can be accessed within 48 hours .
while these reports are available within 9 days of the end of the reporting period , a database [having] review information can be accessed within 48 hours .

Each new Medicaid provider receives a `` Success with Medicaid '' package containing information on claim filing , including helpful tips , and instructions on how to use the automated phone system for inquiries .
each new medicaid provider receives a `` success with medicaid '' package [having] information on claim filing , including helpful tips , and instructions on how to use the automated phone system for inquiries .

This site provides a solution center containing best practices and case studies in state and local government .
this site provides a solution center [having] best practices and case studies in state and local government .

That is , the first step-define mission and desired outcomes-corresponds to the requirement in GPRA for federal agencies to develop strategic plans containing mission statements and outcome-related strategic goals ; the second step-measure performance-corresponds to the GPRA requirement for federal agencies to develop annual performance plans with annual performance goals and indicators to measure performance ; and the third step-use performance 4For a more detailed description of GPRA 's requirements , see appendix I .
that is , the first step-define mission and desired outcomes-corresponds to the requirement in gpra for federal agencies to develop strategic plans [having] mission statements and outcome-related strategic goals ; the second step-measure performance-corresponds to the gpra requirement for federal agencies to develop annual performance plans with annual performance goals and indicators to measure performance ; and the third step-use performance 4for a more detailed description of gpra 's requirements , see appendix i .

HCFA received 511 timely pieces of correspondence containing comments on the proposed rule .
hcfa received 511 timely pieces of correspondence [having] comments on the proposed rule .

We responded on June 1 that the request was consistent with our authorities and asked for access to records containing the information requested .
we responded on june 1 that the request was consistent with our authorities and asked for access to records [having] the information requested .

In streamlining their employee travel systems , several agencies designed automated systems containing electronic travel vouchers and requested our assistance in interpreting Title 7 requirements and assessing their designed internal controls .
in streamlining their employee travel systems , several agencies designed automated systems [having] electronic travel vouchers and requested our assistance in interpreting title 7 requirements and assessing their designed internal controls .

HHS reports that 110 people testified at the public hearing and that it received 541 documents containing comments pertaining to the hearing , in addition to the 121 comment letters it received from the proposed rule notice .
hhs reports that 110 people testified at the public hearing and that it received 541 documents [having] comments pertaining to the hearing , in addition to the 121 comment letters it received from the proposed rule notice .

REPORTING ON COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS AND ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 5.7 An additional reporting standard for financial statement audits2 conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : When providing an opinion on financial statements , auditors should include in their report on the financial statements either a ( 1 ) description of the scope of the auditors ' testing of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting and the results of those tests or an opinion , if sufficient work was performed ; or ( 2 ) reference to the separate report ( s ) containing that information .
reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and on internal control over financial reporting 5.7 an additional reporting standard for financial statement audits2 conducted in accordance with gagas is : when providing an opinion on financial statements , auditors should include in their report on the financial statements either a ( 1 ) description of the scope of the auditors ' testing of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting and the results of those tests or an opinion , if sufficient work was performed ; or ( 2 ) reference to the separate report ( s ) [having] that information .

If auditors report separately , the audit report should contain a reference to the separate report containing this information6 and state that the separate report is an integral part of the audit and should be considered in assessing the results of the audit .
if auditors report separately , the audit report should contain a reference to the separate report [having] this information6 and state that the separate report is an integral part of the audit and should be considered in assessing the results of the audit .

In such circumstances , auditors may issue a limited official-use report containing such information and distribute the report only to those parties responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .
in such circumstances , auditors may issue a limited official-use report [having] such information and distribute the report only to those parties responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .

In such circumstances , auditors may issue a limited official-use report containing such information and distribute the report only to those parties responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .
in such circumstances , auditors may issue a limited official-use report [having] such information and distribute the report only to those parties responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .

In such circumstances , auditors may issue a separate limited official use report containing such information and distribute the report only to persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .
in such circumstances , auditors may issue a separate limited official use report [having] such information and distribute the report only to persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .

In such circumstances , auditors may issue a limited official use report containing such information and distribute the report only to those parties responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .
in such circumstances , auditors may issue a limited official use report [having] such information and distribute the report only to those parties responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .

A T & A record containing all required data elements can be ( 1 ) a manually completed hard copy document , ( 2 ) an automated file retained electronically , or ( 3 ) a combination of automated and manual records .
a t & a record [having] all required data elements can be ( 1 ) a manually completed hard copy document , ( 2 ) an automated file retained electronically , or ( 3 ) a combination of automated and manual records .

Supplementary T & A Records Supplementary T & A records , containing information not previously discussed , shall be completed and maintained .
supplementary t & a records supplementary t & a records , [having] information not previously discussed , shall be completed and maintained .

GPO Access can be used to search the Federal Register back to 1995 with particular search parameters ( e.g. , proposed rules issued during December 1999 containing the phrase `` air quality standards '' ) .3 Using Agency Web Sites to Identify Proposed Rules All of the federal regulatory agencies that we examined also used their own web sites to disseminate information about their rulemaking plans and activities .
gpo access can be used to search the federal register back to 1995 with particular search parameters ( e.g. , proposed rules issued during december 1999 [having] the phrase `` air quality standards '' ) .3 using agency web sites to identify proposed rules all of the federal regulatory agencies that we examined also used their own web sites to disseminate information about their rulemaking plans and activities .

Finally , a requirement to include package inserts containing educational information in cigarette and smokeless tobacco was not chosen because the FDA was not certain the benefits would justify the compliance costs .
finally , a requirement to include package inserts [having] educational information in cigarette and smokeless tobacco was not chosen because the fda was not certain the benefits would justify the compliance costs .

USACE has , for many years , maintained a database containing historical evaluations of A/E performance on past projects .
usace has , for many years , maintained a database [having] historical evaluations of a/e performance on past projects .

To ensure that the planning is accomplished in an effective , economical , and timely manner , the agency should prepare an acquisition plan containing an overall strategy for managing the preaward , acquisition , and postaward phases .
to ensure that the planning is accomplished in an effective , economical , and timely manner , the agency should prepare an acquisition plan [having] an overall strategy for managing the preaward , acquisition , and postaward phases .

Additionally , when GAO issues a report containing recommendations to the head of an agency , 31 U.S.C .
additionally , when gao issues a report [having] recommendations to the head of an agency , 31 u.s.c .

The portion of the rule containing the above collection requirements will not become effective until OMB approval is obtained .
the portion of the rule [having] the above collection requirements will not become effective until omb approval is obtained .

The Chief Operating Officer is to enter into annual performance agreements containing measurable organization and individual goals with key managers , who can receive a bonus or can also be removed .
the chief operating officer is to enter into annual performance agreements [having] measurable organization and individual goals with key managers , who can receive a bonus or can also be removed .

In the United Kingdom , one form of TSE , bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) , is believed to be linked to cattle feed containing rendered protein by-products from sheep and goats infected with scrapie , a disease related to BSE .
in the united kingdom , one form of tse , bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( bse ) , is believed to be linked to cattle feed [having] rendered protein by-products from sheep and goats infected with scrapie , a disease related to bse .

The 1995 Program Letters16 containing this directive also enumerated the issues and criteria that state planning should address .
the 1995 program letters16 [having] this directive also enumerated the issues and criteria that state planning should address .

A report of the conference will also be provided to all participants complete with a package containing handouts .
a report of the conference will also be provided to all participants complete with a package [having] handouts .

Use of Intermediaries : In all written and oral communications with recipients , OCE will affirmatively propose that recipients use program staff as an intermediary to review case files ( or other records containing privileged or confidential information ) and to answer questions of OCE .
use of intermediaries : in all written and oral communications with recipients , oce will affirmatively propose that recipients use program staff as an intermediary to review case files ( or other records [having] privileged or confidential information ) and to answer questions of oce .

During on-site visits , OCE will affirmatively encourage recipients to use such intermediaries and will not request direct access to or control over client case files or any other records containing privileged or confidential information .
during on-site visits , oce will affirmatively encourage recipients to use such intermediaries and will not request direct access to or control over client case files or any other records [having] privileged or confidential information .

Two projects were presented : the Ohio Statewide Website ( www.ohiolegalservices.org ) that became the national Kaivo template , and the Ohio Domestic Violence Resource Center ( www.ohiodvresources.org ) , a website containing document creation software and replete with information specific to victims of domestic violence .
two projects were presented : the ohio statewide website ( www.ohiolegalservices.org ) that became the national kaivo template , and the ohio domestic violence resource center ( www.ohiodvresources.org ) , a website [having] document creation software and replete with information specific to victims of domestic violence .

Explicit technology representation - AMIGA reads in files with detailed lists of technologies ( currently with a focus on energy-efficient and low-carbon energy supply technologies , including electric generating units ) containing performance characteristics , availability status , costs , anticipated learning effects , and emission rates where appropriate ; 3 ) .
explicit technology representation - amiga reads in files with detailed lists of technologies ( currently with a focus on energy-efficient and low-carbon energy supply technologies , including electric generating units ) [having] performance characteristics , availability status , costs , anticipated learning effects , and emission rates where appropriate ; 3 ) .

Phase I Sulfur Dioxide Requirements Section 413 is existing Section 404 , containing without change the Phase I sulfur dioxide allocations and modified to set a new deadline for new applications for allowances from the Conservation and Renewable Energy Reserve .
phase i sulfur dioxide requirements section 413 is existing section 404 , [having] without change the phase i sulfur dioxide allocations and modified to set a new deadline for new applications for allowances from the conservation and renewable energy reserve .

This study extracted hourly , surface-layer ozone concentrations for each grid-cell from the standard CAMx output file containing hourly average ozone values .
this study extracted hourly , surface-layer ozone concentrations for each grid-cell from the standard camx output file [having] hourly average ozone values .

Kiosks are free standing structures containing locked mailboxes ( as few as three or four and as many as sixty or so ) .
kiosks are free standing structures [having] locked mailboxes ( as few as three or four and as many as sixty or so ) .

The Twin Towers ( 1 WTC , or the North Tower , and 2 WTC , or the South Tower ) were the signature structures , containing 10.4 million square feet of office space .
the twin towers ( 1 wtc , or the north tower , and 2 wtc , or the south tower ) were the signature structures , [having] 10.4 million square feet of office space .

The package containing the card was intercepted after the FBI found the Express Mail receipt for it in Hazmi 's car at Dulles Airport on 9/11 .
the package [having] the card was intercepted after the fbi found the express mail receipt for it in hazmi 's car at dulles airport on 9/11 .

Fire command stations were equipped with manuals containing prescripted announcements corresponding to a number of specified emergencies .
fire command stations were equipped with manuals [having] prescripted announcements corresponding to a number of specified emergencies .

In addition , one Saudi government flight , containing the Saudi deputy defense minister and other members of an official Saudi delegation , departed Newark Airport on September 14 .
in addition , one saudi government flight , [having] the saudi deputy defense minister and other members of an official saudi delegation , departed newark airport on september 14 .

At our request , based on additional information , theTerrorist Screening Center in June and July 2004 rechecked the names of individuals believed to be on these six flights , the names of individuals on three more charter flights , the names of individuals on the flight containing the Saudi Deputy Defense Minister , and the names of Saudi nationals on commercial flights that journalists have alleged are suspect .
at our request , based on additional information , theterrorist screening center in june and july 2004 rechecked the names of individuals believed to be on these six flights , the names of individuals on three more charter flights , the names of individuals on the flight [having] the saudi deputy defense minister , and the names of saudi nationals on commercial flights that journalists have alleged are suspect .

Based on our review of their visa and travel histories , we believe it possible that as many as eleven additional hijackers ( Wail al Shehri , Waleed al Shehri , Mohand al Shehri , Hani Hanjour , Majed Moqed , Nawaf al Hazmi , Hamza al Ghamdi , Ahmed al Ghamdi , Saeed al Ghamdi , Ahmed al Nami , and Ahmad al Haznawi ) held passports containing these same fraudulent features , but their passports have not been found so we can not be sure .
based on our review of their visa and travel histories , we believe it possible that as many as eleven additional hijackers ( wail al shehri , waleed al shehri , mohand al shehri , hani hanjour , majed moqed , nawaf al hazmi , hamza al ghamdi , ahmed al ghamdi , saeed al ghamdi , ahmed al nami , and ahmad al haznawi ) held passports [having] these same fraudulent features , but their passports have not been found so we can not be sure .

Having joined other Algerians in planning a possible attack on a U.S. airport or consulate , Ressam left Afghanistan in early 1999 carrying precursor chemicals for explosives disguised in toiletry bottles , a notebook containing bomb assembly instructions , and $ 12,000 .
having joined other algerians in planning a possible attack on a u.s. airport or consulate , ressam left afghanistan in early 1999 carrying precursor chemicals for explosives disguised in toiletry bottles , a notebook [having] bomb assembly instructions , and $ 12,000 .

During this same period , KSM and Yousef also developed plans to assassinate President Clinton during his November 1994 trip to Manila , and to bomb U.S.-bound cargo carriers by smuggling jackets containing nitrocellulose on board .
during this same period , ksm and yousef also developed plans to assassinate president clinton during his november 1994 trip to manila , and to bomb u.s.-bound cargo carriers by smuggling jackets [having] nitrocellulose on board .

Evidence gathered at the time of Yousef 's February 1995 arrest included dolls wearing clothes containing nitrocellulose .
evidence gathered at the time of yousef 's february 1995 arrest included dolls wearing clothes [having] nitrocellulose .

With respect to KSM 's additional proposal to bomb cargo planes by shipping jackets containing nitrocellulose , KSM states that Bin Ladin expressed interest in changing the operation so that it would involve a suicide operative .
with respect to ksm 's additional proposal to bomb cargo planes by shipping jackets [having] nitrocellulose , ksm states that bin ladin expressed interest in changing the operation so that it would involve a suicide operative .

A document containing a biography of Bin Ladin-seized from the residence of Said Bahaji , a member of Atta 's circle-also contains the phrase `` Dar el Ansar , '' which refers to the name of a guesthouse Bin Ladin established in Afghanistan for mujahideen recruits .
a document [having] a biography of bin ladin-seized from the residence of said bahaji , a member of atta 's circle-also contains the phrase `` dar el ansar , '' which refers to the name of a guesthouse bin ladin established in afghanistan for mujahideen recruits .

The Encyclopedia is a multivolume instruction manual containing lessons on weapons handling , tactics , covert operations , bomb making , and other topics .
the encyclopedia is a multivolume instruction manual [having] lessons on weapons handling , tactics , covert operations , bomb making , and other topics .

Protective measures also prepare for the attacks that may get through , containing the damage and saving lives .
protective measures also prepare for the attacks that may get through , [having] the damage and saving lives .

Cells were lysed in 1 % Triton-X/PBS buffer containing 1 X complete proteinase inhibitor cocktail ( Roche ) , sonicated twice for 30 s , and centrifuged at 5,000 g for 5 min .
cells were lysed in 1 % triton-x/pbs buffer [having] 1 x complete proteinase inhibitor cocktail ( roche ) , sonicated twice for 30 s , and centrifuged at 5,000 g for 5 min .

Cells were lysed in 1 % Triton-X/PBS buffer containing protease inhibitor cocktail as indicated above .
cells were lysed in 1 % triton-x/pbs buffer [having] protease inhibitor cocktail as indicated above .

Undifferentiated human NS cells ( stage 1 ) were cultured and expanded in medium containing X-VIVO15 ( Cambrex , Walkersville , Maryland , United States ) , N2 supplement ( Invitrogen , Carlsbad , California , United States ) , 2 μg/ml heparin , 10 ng/ml leukemia inhibitory factor ( Chemicon , Temecula , California , United States ) , 20 ng/ml epidermal growth factor ( R & D Systems , Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States ) , and 20 ng/ml fibroblast growth factor-2 ( R & D Systems ) , and they were frozen after enzymatic dissociation .
undifferentiated human ns cells ( stage 1 ) were cultured and expanded in medium [having] x-vivo15 ( cambrex , walkersville , maryland , united states ) , n2 supplement ( invitrogen , carlsbad , california , united states ) , 2 μg/ml heparin , 10 ng/ml leukemia inhibitory factor ( chemicon , temecula , california , united states ) , 20 ng/ml epidermal growth factor ( r & d systems , minneapolis , minnesota , united states ) , and 20 ng/ml fibroblast growth factor-2 ( r & d systems ) , and they were frozen after enzymatic dissociation .

At stage 2 , we thawed and cultured 10 7 cells in medium made from a 1:1 mixture of glucose-free DMEM ( Invitrogen ) and F-12 medium ( Invitrogen ) containing 0.2 % bovine serum albumin ( Sigma , St. Louis , Missouri , United States ) , N2 supplement , 2 μg/ml heparin , 10 ng/ml leukemia inhibitory factor , 20 ng/ml epidermal growth factor , and 20 ng/ml fibroblast growth factor-2 .
at stage 2 , we thawed and cultured 10 7 cells in medium made from a 1:1 mixture of glucose-free dmem ( invitrogen ) and f-12 medium ( invitrogen ) [having] 0.2 % bovine serum albumin ( sigma , st. louis , missouri , united states ) , n2 supplement , 2 μg/ml heparin , 10 ng/ml leukemia inhibitory factor , 20 ng/ml epidermal growth factor , and 20 ng/ml fibroblast growth factor-2 .

After 2 wk , we transferred 40–80 NSs containing a total of approximately 2–4 × 10 5 cells to single wells in plates coated with 0.005 % poly-L-ornithine ( Sigma ) and 3 μg/ml fibronectin ( Invitrogen ) .
after 2 wk , we transferred 40–80 nss [having] a total of approximately 2–4 × 10 5 cells to single wells in plates coated with 0.005 % poly-l-ornithine ( sigma ) and 3 μg/ml fibronectin ( invitrogen ) .

These were cultured for 2 wk ( stage 3 ) in a 1:1 mixture of low-glucose DMEM and F-12 media containing 100 mg/l apo-transferrin ( Sigma ) , 288 mg/l glucose , 73 mg/l L -glutamine , 1.69 g/l sodium bicarbonate , 25 μg/ml bovine insulin ( Sigma ) , 20 nM progesterone , 100 μM putrescine , 30 nM sodium selenite , and penicillin/streptomycin .
these were cultured for 2 wk ( stage 3 ) in a 1:1 mixture of low-glucose dmem and f-12 media [having] 100 mg/l apo-transferrin ( sigma ) , 288 mg/l glucose , 73 mg/l l -glutamine , 1.69 g/l sodium bicarbonate , 25 μg/ml bovine insulin ( sigma ) , 20 nm progesterone , 100 μm putrescine , 30 nm sodium selenite , and penicillin/streptomycin .

We routinely expanded NS cultures in medium containing 37 mM glucose , a level 5- to 6-fold higher than physiologic glucose concentration .
we routinely expanded ns cultures in medium [having] 37 mm glucose , a level 5- to 6-fold higher than physiologic glucose concentration .

Upon an auxin stimulus , an SCF ( SKP1/Cullin/F-box protein ) ubiquitin ligase ( Deshaies 1999 ) containing the TIR1 F-box protein ubiquitinates the Aux/IAA proteins , marking them for degradation by the 26S proteasome thereby de-repressing the response pathway ( Gray et al .
upon an auxin stimulus , an scf ( skp1/cullin/f-box protein ) ubiquitin ligase ( deshaies 1999 ) [having] the tir1 f-box protein ubiquitinates the aux/iaa proteins , marking them for degradation by the 26s proteasome thereby de-repressing the response pathway ( gray et al .

Common in prokaryotes , but apparently restricted to plants and fungi in eukaryotes , these modular signaling systems involve a membrane-bound receptor containing an intracellular histidine kinase ( HK ) domain ( Wolanin et al .
common in prokaryotes , but apparently restricted to plants and fungi in eukaryotes , these modular signaling systems involve a membrane-bound receptor [having] an intracellular histidine kinase ( hk ) domain ( wolanin et al .

Samples in which only HCoV-NL63 RNA could be detected had a significantly higher viral load than samples containing additional respiratory viruses .
samples in which only hcov-nl63 rna could be detected had a significantly higher viral load than samples [having] additional respiratory viruses .

Cells were serum starved in 0.2 % serum containing DMEM ( 1 g/l glucose ) for at least 24 h prior to stimulation with AGE–bovine serum albumin ( BSA ) , glucose , or FFA .
cells were serum starved in 0.2 % serum [having] dmem ( 1 g/l glucose ) for at least 24 h prior to stimulation with age–bovine serum albumin ( bsa ) , glucose , or ffa .

Preparation of Glycated Albumin and Carboxymethyl-Lysine Albumin Briefly , to prepare AGE-BSA , essentially fatty-acid-free and endotoxin-free BSA ( 250 mg/ml ) was incubated at 37 °C for 2 , 5 , and 10 wk with D-glucose ( 500 mM ) in a 0.4-M phosphate buffer containing EDTA , ampicillin , Fungazone , polymixin B , and protease inhibitors .
preparation of glycated albumin and carboxymethyl-lysine albumin briefly , to prepare age-bsa , essentially fatty-acid-free and endotoxin-free bsa ( 250 mg/ml ) was incubated at 37 °c for 2 , 5 , and 10 wk with d-glucose ( 500 mm ) in a 0.4-m phosphate buffer [having] edta , ampicillin , fungazone , polymixin b , and protease inhibitors .

Palmitic acid was dissolved at 12 mM in PBS containing 11 % fatty-acid-free BSA , sonicated for 5 min , shaken overnight at 37 °C , and sonicated for 5 min again [ 12 ] .
palmitic acid was dissolved at 12 mm in pbs [having] 11 % fatty-acid-free bsa , sonicated for 5 min , shaken overnight at 37 °c , and sonicated for 5 min again [ 12 ] .

In 2004 , Dr. Anunciada Colon presided over the opening of a golden trunk from the 16th century , containing ashes and bone fragments presumed to belong to her ancestor Christopher Columbus , an event chronicled by a television crew .
in 2004 , dr. anunciada colon presided over the opening of a golden trunk from the 16th century , [having] ashes and bone fragments presumed to belong to her ancestor christopher columbus , an event chronicled by a television crew .

Luis Montaner and colleagues now report results from a randomized trial of 42 participants ( 75 % on their second to fourth regimen , 66 % on regimens containing non-nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors ) who received either continuous therapy for 40 weeks or three successive treatment interruptions of two , four , and six weeks , followed by a final open-ended interruption for both groups .
luis montaner and colleagues now report results from a randomized trial of 42 participants ( 75 % on their second to fourth regimen , 66 % on regimens [having] non-nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors ) who received either continuous therapy for 40 weeks or three successive treatment interruptions of two , four , and six weeks , followed by a final open-ended interruption for both groups .

They extend previous data from our group and others showing that lung adenocarcinomas containing EGFR mutations are associated with sensitivity to gefitinib or erlotinib ( 17 of 17 in this series ; 100 % observed response rate ; 95 % CI , 82 % –100 % ) .
they extend previous data from our group and others showing that lung adenocarcinomas [having] egfr mutations are associated with sensitivity to gefitinib or erlotinib ( 17 of 17 in this series ; 100 % observed response rate ; 95 % ci , 82 % –100 % ) .

OP9 cells were maintained in alpha MEM medium containing 20 % fetal bovine serum ( FBS ) and 2 mM L-glutamine .
op9 cells were maintained in alpha mem medium [having] 20 % fetal bovine serum ( fbs ) and 2 mm l-glutamine .

Primary human bone marrow–derived MSCs and primary human foreskin fibroblasts ( both from Poietics , Cambrex , East Rutherford , New Jersey , United States ) were grown in alpha MEM medium containing 10 % FBS and 2 mM L-glutamine .
primary human bone marrow–derived mscs and primary human foreskin fibroblasts ( both from poietics , cambrex , east rutherford , new jersey , united states ) were grown in alpha mem medium [having] 10 % fbs and 2 mm l-glutamine .

Adipocytic Differentiation hESMPCs are grown to confluence followed by exposure to 1 mM dexamethasone , 10 μg/ml insulin , and 0.5 mM isobutylxanthine ( all from Sigma , St. Louis , Missouri , United States ) in alpha MEM medium containing 10 % FBS for 2–4 wk .
adipocytic differentiation hesmpcs are grown to confluence followed by exposure to 1 mm dexamethasone , 10 μg/ml insulin , and 0.5 mm isobutylxanthine ( all from sigma , st. louis , missouri , united states ) in alpha mem medium [having] 10 % fbs for 2–4 wk .

Chondrocytic Differentiation Differentiation of hESMPCs was induced in pellet culture [ 5 ] by exposure to 10 ng/ml TGF-β3 ( R & D Systems , Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States ) and 200 μM ascorbic acid ( Sigma ) in alpha MEM medium containing 10 % FBS for 3–4 wk .
chondrocytic differentiation differentiation of hesmpcs was induced in pellet culture [ 5 ] by exposure to 10 ng/ml tgf-β3 ( r & d systems , minneapolis , minnesota , united states ) and 200 μm ascorbic acid ( sigma ) in alpha mem medium [having] 10 % fbs for 3–4 wk .

Osteogenic Differentiation hESMPCs were plated at low density ( 1 × 10 3 to 2.5 × 10 3 cells/cm 2 ) on tissue-culture-treated dishes in the presence of 10 mM β-glycerol phosphate ( Sigma ) , 0.1 μM dexamethasone , and 200 μM ascorbic acid in alpha MEM medium containing 10 % FBS for 3–4 wk .
osteogenic differentiation hesmpcs were plated at low density ( 1 × 10 3 to 2.5 × 10 3 cells/cm 2 ) on tissue-culture-treated dishes in the presence of 10 mm β-glycerol phosphate ( sigma ) , 0.1 μm dexamethasone , and 200 μm ascorbic acid in alpha mem medium [having] 10 % fbs for 3–4 wk .

We can analyse part of a sentence , such as a subphrase describing a protein–protein interaction or part of a sentence containing a gene and a protein name , but we always run into Zipf 's law whenever we write down the rules for how the extraction is done ( Figure 2 ) [ 3 ] .
we can analyse part of a sentence , such as a subphrase describing a protein–protein interaction or part of a sentence [having] a gene and a protein name , but we always run into zipf 's law whenever we write down the rules for how the extraction is done ( figure 2 ) [ 3 ] .

Finally , another way to support curation teams would be to provide information-retrieval methods to guide the team members towards documents containing relevant information .
finally , another way to support curation teams would be to provide information-retrieval methods to guide the team members towards documents [having] relevant information .

Prior to delivery to the flow cell , we labeled a 33-Î¼l whole blood sample with 3 Î¼l of fluorophore-conjugated anti-CD3 and anti-CD4 antibodies for 8 min off chip , then diluted the sample with 961 Î¼l of PBS , and delivered 500 Î¼l of the resulting sample ( containing 16.5 Î¼l of blood ) to the flow cell using a fluidics controller .
prior to delivery to the flow cell , we labeled a 33-î¼l whole blood sample with 3 î¼l of fluorophore-conjugated anti-cd3 and anti-cd4 antibodies for 8 min off chip , then diluted the sample with 961 î¼l of pbs , and delivered 500 î¼l of the resulting sample ( [having] 16.5 î¼l of blood ) to the flow cell using a fluidics controller .

Briefly , irradiated feeder cells ( JY cells and fresh PBMCs ) were added to wells containing the sorted T cells , and the 96-well plates were incubated at 37 °C with 7 % CO 2 to allow for growth .
briefly , irradiated feeder cells ( jy cells and fresh pbmcs ) were added to wells [having] the sorted t cells , and the 96-well plates were incubated at 37 °c with 7 % co 2 to allow for growth .

Potential clones became visible around day 14 and were then transferred to 24-well plates containing 1 ml of CTL medium with 100 units/ml IL-2 .
potential clones became visible around day 14 and were then transferred to 24-well plates [having] 1 ml of ctl medium with 100 units/ml il-2 .

Clones confirmed to be tetramer-positive were expanded in T-25 flasks containing irradiated JY cells and fresh PBMCs in 25 ml of CTL medium containing PHA .
clones confirmed to be tetramer-positive were expanded in t-25 flasks [having] irradiated jy cells and fresh pbmcs in 25 ml of ctl medium [having] pha .

Cells were collected in microfuge tubes containing 1 ml of ice-cold 90 % IMDM with 10 % FBS .
cells were collected in microfuge tubes [having] 1 ml of ice-cold 90 % imdm with 10 % fbs .

Thus , in both species , adipose tissue is an endocrine organ containing adipocytes as well as macrophages that regulates energy metabolism and glucose homeostasis through secretion of multiple factors , including inflammatory cytokines [ 46 ] .
thus , in both species , adipose tissue is an endocrine organ [having] adipocytes as well as macrophages that regulates energy metabolism and glucose homeostasis through secretion of multiple factors , including inflammatory cytokines [ 46 ] .

Bitter detection warns of foods containing poisons—many of the poisonous compounds produced by plants for defence are bitter .
bitter detection warns of foods [having] poisons—many of the poisonous compounds produced by plants for defence are bitter .

Many people who can taste propylthiouracil are also ‘ supertasters ’ —they have more fungiform papillae , structures containing taste buds , on their tongues than non-tasters ( Figure 2 ) .
many people who can taste propylthiouracil are also ‘ supertasters ’ —they have more fungiform papillae , structures [having] taste buds , on their tongues than non-tasters ( figure 2 ) .

It was collected into tubes containing ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid ( EDTA ) .
it was collected into tubes [having] ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid ( edta ) .

As with any disease , the earlier and more intensively we attack it—with medications and lifestyle changes—the more successful we will be in containing and reversing it .
as with any disease , the earlier and more intensively we attack it—with medications and lifestyle changes—the more successful we will be in [having] and reversing it .

From a breeding perspective , this provides the basis for selection so that individuals containing the best features of both parents can be identified and further bred .
from a breeding perspective , this provides the basis for selection so that individuals [having] the best features of both parents can be identified and further bred .

In addition , a microscopist is only able to count the less pathogenic circulating stages of the parasite , whereas the more pathogenic parasitized erythrocytes , sequestered in the capillaries and containing mature parasites , are not seen and therefore not counted .
in addition , a microscopist is only able to count the less pathogenic circulating stages of the parasite , whereas the more pathogenic parasitized erythrocytes , sequestered in the capillaries and [having] mature parasites , are not seen and therefore not counted .

The finding that sequestered parasite biomass is associated with disease severity fits with current thinking that sequestration of erythrocytes containing the mature forms of the parasite is the central pathological process in falciparum malaria .
the finding that sequestered parasite biomass is associated with disease severity fits with current thinking that sequestration of erythrocytes [having] the mature forms of the parasite is the central pathological process in falciparum malaria .

It is not surprising that proviral latency , in which low levels of transcription or only short HIV transcripts containing TAR are observed , would in large part reflect the absence of these activators .
it is not surprising that proviral latency , in which low levels of transcription or only short hiv transcripts [having] tar are observed , would in large part reflect the absence of these activators .

The 27 samples shown here included from one to 294 multiplex pedigrees ( see Glossary ) ( median 34 ) containing 32 to 669 ( median 101 ) individuals affected with a narrow definition of schizophrenia .
the 27 samples shown here included from one to 294 multiplex pedigrees ( see glossary ) ( median 34 ) [having] 32 to 669 ( median 101 ) individuals affected with a narrow definition of schizophrenia .

Cells ( in supplemented RPMI-1640 medium containing 0.1 % serum ) were then incubated for 48 h in the continued presence of gefitinib or erlotinib .
cells ( in supplemented rpmi-1640 medium [having] 0.1 % serum ) were then incubated for 48 h in the continued presence of gefitinib or erlotinib .

Following incubation with gefitinib or erlotinib , monolayers were washed twice with PBS ( containing calcium and magnesium ) and incubated with 7.5 μmol Calcein AM in supplemented RPMI-1640 ( no serum ) for 30 min .
following incubation with gefitinib or erlotinib , monolayers were washed twice with pbs ( [having] calcium and magnesium ) and incubated with 7.5 μmol calcein am in supplemented rpmi-1640 ( no serum ) for 30 min .

Biochemical Properties of EGFR Mutants To determine how the T790M mutation would affect EGFR proteins already containing mutations associated with sensitivity to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors , we introduced the specific mutation into EGFR cDNAs that encoded the exon 21 and 19 mutations found in patients 1 and 2 , respectively .
biochemical properties of egfr mutants to determine how the t790m mutation would affect egfr proteins already [having] mutations associated with sensitivity to egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitors , we introduced the specific mutation into egfr cdnas that encoded the exon 21 and 19 mutations found in patients 1 and 2 , respectively .

By contrast , wild-type and mutant EGFRs containing the T790M mutation did not display a significant change in either phosphotyrosine induction or p-EGFR : t-EGFR ratios ( Figure 4A and 4B ) .
by contrast , wild-type and mutant egfrs [having] the t790m mutation did not display a significant change in either phosphotyrosine induction or p-egfr : t-egfr ratios ( figure 4a and 4b ) .

Similar results were obtained using erlotinib against wild-type and del E747–L747 ; A750P EGFRs in comparison to the corresponding mutants containing the T790M mutation ( Figure 4C ) .
similar results were obtained using erlotinib against wild-type and del e747–l747 ; a750p egfrs in comparison to the corresponding mutants [having] the t790m mutation ( figure 4c ) .

As we explain below , well-designed open-source licenses are the key to containing Virtual Pharmas ' R & D costs .
as we explain below , well-designed open-source licenses are the key to [having] virtual pharmas ' r & d costs .

Second , we have already pointed out that existing proposals have difficulty containing costs .
second , we have already pointed out that existing proposals have difficulty [having] costs .

New cultivars containing major resistance genes show resilience to P. sojae for five to ten years .
new cultivars [having] major resistance genes show resilience to p. sojae for five to ten years .

The first paper ( Halpin and Harbury 2004a ) reports the development of resin-linked oligonucleotides that efficiently and sequence-specifically capture DNA containing complementary subsequences .
the first paper ( halpin and harbury 2004a ) reports the development of resin-linked oligonucleotides that efficiently and sequence-specifically capture dna [having] complementary subsequences .

Optimization of amino acid side-chain-protecting groups and peptide coupling conditions enabled a variety of amino acids to undergo efficient peptide coupling to bound oligonucleotides containing an amine group .
optimization of amino acid side-chain-protecting groups and peptide coupling conditions enabled a variety of amino acids to undergo efficient peptide coupling to bound oligonucleotides [having] an amine group .

For comparison , a conventional-format synthetic library containing 100 µg of each of 10 8 different structures would represent 10 kg of material , not including the mass of beads or plates associated with the library , while a chemically translated library containing 10,000 copies of 10 8 different species represents less than 1 µg of total material .
for comparison , a conventional-format synthetic library [having] 100 µg of each of 10 8 different structures would represent 10 kg of material , not including the mass of beads or plates associated with the library , while a chemically translated library [having] 10,000 copies of 10 8 different species represents less than 1 µg of total material .

All over Petra she had opened carved niches containing pillars or large separate monoliths representing Dushara .
all over petra she had opened carved niches [having] pillars or large separate monoliths representing dushara .

He hands Lemmy a tiny cup carved of rhino horn , containing a barely lip-moistening droplet of the rarest tea in the world .
he hands lemmy a tiny cup carved of rhino horn , [having] a barely lip-moistening droplet of the rarest tea in the world .

Antiseptic powder may be applied , or , more usually , pastes - containing herbs , milk , eggs , ashes or dung - which are believed to facilitate healing .
antiseptic powder may be applied , or , more usually , pastes - [having] herbs , milk , eggs , ashes or dung - which are believed to facilitate healing .

It was Heller 's special insight that the ideas and phrases that make the most attractive candidates for Washingtonspeak start out by containing almost no meaning at all .
it was heller 's special insight that the ideas and phrases that make the most attractive candidates for washingtonspeak start out by [having] almost no meaning at all .

In addition to the current warning against taking the medication if a patient is already taking any heart drug containing nitrates , the labels will now also say that Viagra could be risky for men with heart problems or very high or low blood pressure .
in addition to the current warning against taking the medication if a patient is already taking any heart drug [having] nitrates , the labels will now also say that viagra could be risky for men with heart problems or very high or low blood pressure .

In its top paragraph , the NYT lead characterizes the new $ 1.7 trillion federal budget -- expected to pass today -- as the first in three decades with a surplus and as containing the biggest peacetime increase in military spending since Ronald Reagan was president ( complete , the NYT notices , with an aircraft carrier contract for Trent Lott 's hometown , and a cargo plane contract for Newt Gingrich 's . )
in its top paragraph , the nyt lead characterizes the new $ 1.7 trillion federal budget -- expected to pass today -- as the first in three decades with a surplus and as [having] the biggest peacetime increase in military spending since ronald reagan was president ( complete , the nyt notices , with an aircraft carrier contract for trent lott 's hometown , and a cargo plane contract for newt gingrich 's . )

It is already possible to buy a single CD-ROM containing all the written material available from classical Greece and Rome .
it is already possible to buy a single cd-rom [having] all the written material available from classical greece and rome .

This is the document available by e-mail or download around midday each Friday , containing a week 's worth of Slate goodies nicely formatted for printout on standard size paper .
this is the document available by e-mail or download around midday each friday , [having] a week 's worth of slate goodies nicely formatted for printout on standard size paper .

A few weeks ago , we asked readers whether they would prefer a file containing everything in Slate each week .
a few weeks ago , we asked readers whether they would prefer a file [having] everything in slate each week .

Curious scoop : Despite claims that they were voting only on evidence in the Judiciary Committee report , at least 40 House Republicans examined documents containing `` old , unsubstantiated allegations unearthed by Kenneth Starr about Clinton 's relations with women besides Lewinsky . ''
curious scoop : despite claims that they were voting only on evidence in the judiciary committee report , at least 40 house republicans examined documents [having] `` old , unsubstantiated allegations unearthed by kenneth starr about clinton 's relations with women besides lewinsky . ''

Writing in his capacity as president of Green Cross International , a nongovernmental environmental organization , Gorbachev called for a ban on weapons containing depleted uranium such as NATO used in Yugoslavia .
writing in his capacity as president of green cross international , a nongovernmental environmental organization , gorbachev called for a ban on weapons [having] depleted uranium such as nato used in yugoslavia .

The movie has no ghosts or witches on display , and its lone bit of gore is a piece of cloth containing a mottle of indeterminate organic material .
the movie has no ghosts or witches on display , and its lone bit of gore is a piece of cloth [having] a mottle of indeterminate organic material .

Later , Austin mistakenly pours himself a cup of `` coffee '' from a jar containing a Fat Bastard stool sample .
later , austin mistakenly pours himself a cup of `` coffee '' from a jar [having] a fat bastard stool sample .

To test whether the Genesis ELS were intentional , Doron Witztum and co-authors Yoav Rosenberg and Rips used a computer to search Genesis for ELS containing the names of famous rabbis and their dates of birth or death .
to test whether the genesis els were intentional , doron witztum and co-authors yoav rosenberg and rips used a computer to search genesis for els [having] the names of famous rabbis and their dates of birth or death .

Jessica Mydek may not be real , but the emotion showered on her is , and the millions of e-mails containing her name suggest that the impulse to do good on the Net could be harnessed .
jessica mydek may not be real , but the emotion showered on her is , and the millions of e-mails [having] her name suggest that the impulse to do good on the net could be harnessed .

That included 28 blank channels , 25 channels containing advertising for the system or schedules of coming events , eight channels of broadcast stations generally available free without a satellite dish but requiring payment with the satellite dish , and seven channels duplicating what was being shown on other channels .
that included 28 blank channels , 25 channels [having] advertising for the system or schedules of coming events , eight channels of broadcast stations generally available free without a satellite dish but requiring payment with the satellite dish , and seven channels duplicating what was being shown on other channels .

Chatterbox just caught up with a Boston Globe article containing the distressing news that Out-of-Town News , the famous Harvard Square newsstand , is losing business to the Internet .
chatterbox just caught up with a boston globe article [having] the distressing news that out-of-town news , the famous harvard square newsstand , is losing business to the internet .

Lighter , the editor of the Random House Historical Dictionary of American Slang ( whose volume containing `` H '' words has just been published ) , about the possibility that hype was derived from hyperbole .
lighter , the editor of the random house historical dictionary of american slang ( whose volume [having] `` h '' words has just been published ) , about the possibility that hype was derived from hyperbole .

Roughly two-thirds of the way through the enthralling Edo show at the National Gallery of Art , there 's a glass case containing two outsize dishes , each a couple of feet in diameter .
roughly two-thirds of the way through the enthralling edo show at the national gallery of art , there 's a glass case [having] two outsize dishes , each a couple of feet in diameter .

In Israel Monday , the Jerusalem Post said that , next week , Israel will `` officially release a so-called dirty list , containing the names of more than a dozen international organizations , both public and private , which the government alleges hold information on Holocaust victims and other related activities , which they are refusing to publish . ''
in israel monday , the jerusalem post said that , next week , israel will `` officially release a so-called dirty list , [having] the names of more than a dozen international organizations , both public and private , which the government alleges hold information on holocaust victims and other related activities , which they are refusing to publish . ''

A quick Slate search on the subject has returned eight articles containing the title , though you are certainly not the only ones on the bandwagon .
a quick slate search on the subject has returned eight articles [having] the title , though you are certainly not the only ones on the bandwagon .

Terry fulminated against Barnes & Noble 's selling two art books containing photographs of nude children , Radiant Identities by Jock Sturges and The Age of Innocence by David Hamilton .
terry fulminated against barnes & noble 's selling two art books [having] photographs of nude children , radiant identities by jock sturges and the age of innocence by david hamilton .

Fritsch also charges that Newsweek `` left the impression that Newsweek staff members had heard tapes containing all of the most serious and salacious '' accusations -e.g .
fritsch also charges that newsweek `` left the impression that newsweek staff members had heard tapes [having] all of the most serious and salacious '' accusations -e.g .

Chatterbox has harnessed the vast power of the Net in search of a handy , irresistible name for the Lewinsky-Tripp-Willey-Clinton scandal , and Chatterbox 's pathetic little hard drive now overflows with the results -- more than 215 responses , containing no less than 209 distinct suggestions .
chatterbox has harnessed the vast power of the net in search of a handy , irresistible name for the lewinsky-tripp-willey-clinton scandal , and chatterbox 's pathetic little hard drive now overflows with the results -- more than 215 responses , [having] no less than 209 distinct suggestions .

Foods containing less than half a gram of trans fat and a half gram of saturated fat per serving could proudly claim to be `` trans fat free . ''
foods [having] less than half a gram of trans fat and a half gram of saturated fat per serving could proudly claim to be `` trans fat free . ''

West cultivates a distinctively black mode of academic discourse , improvisational in tone and containing a stronger element of showmanship and braggadocio than most of his white colleagues are comfortable with .
west cultivates a distinctively black mode of academic discourse , improvisational in tone and [having] a stronger element of showmanship and braggadocio than most of his white colleagues are comfortable with .

As a general rule the Back of the Book , containing cultural reviews and commentary , will be posted Mondays and Tuesdays , the longer Features will be posted Wednesdays and Thursdays , and the front-of-the-book Briefing section will be posted Fridays .
as a general rule the back of the book , [having] cultural reviews and commentary , will be posted mondays and tuesdays , the longer features will be posted wednesdays and thursdays , and the front-of-the-book briefing section will be posted fridays .

A search for Bill Gates ( or Bill , Gates or Bill and Gates ) will find articles containing both the word bill and the word gates .
a search for bill gates ( or bill , gates or bill and gates ) will find articles [having] both the word bill and the word gates .

Mass graves containing over 1500 Muslim and Croat corpses have been uncovered in the territories he controlled during the conflict .
mass graves [having] over 1500 muslim and croat corpses have been uncovered in the territories he controlled during the conflict .

This year 's model , a Brown Swiss , stands in the refrigerated case next to the one containing Jesus and crew .
this year 's model , a brown swiss , stands in the refrigerated case next to the one [having] jesus and crew .

In Hong Kong Monday , the South China Morning Post reported government plans to give children as young as 2 new `` nursery rhymes , '' containing warnings about sex offenders who might abuse them .
in hong kong monday , the south china morning post reported government plans to give children as young as 2 new `` nursery rhymes , '' [having] warnings about sex offenders who might abuse them .

Under the headline `` Murdoch 's China Kow-Tow , '' the Standard said Murdoch -- who in 1994 had prevented the BBC ( considered `` unfriendly '' by China ) from using his Star satellite in Asia -- feared his Asian broadcasting interests might be damaged if HarperCollins published a book containing strong criticisms of China by a man the Chinese had called `` a perfidious whore '' and `` a drooling idiot . ''
under the headline `` murdoch 's china kow-tow , '' the standard said murdoch -- who in 1994 had prevented the bbc ( considered `` unfriendly '' by china ) from using his star satellite in asia -- feared his asian broadcasting interests might be damaged if harpercollins published a book [having] strong criticisms of china by a man the chinese had called `` a perfidious whore '' and `` a drooling idiot . ''

Entrenched equipment manufacturer Rawlings is set to respond with such products as a baseball containing a microchip that enables it to calculate the speed at which it 's thrown , a datum displayed on an LCD on the baseball 's skin .
entrenched equipment manufacturer rawlings is set to respond with such products as a baseball [having] a microchip that enables it to calculate the speed at which it 's thrown , a datum displayed on an lcd on the baseball 's skin .

The WP states that in Japan , more than 700 viewers of a television cartoon show were taken to hospitals , many suffering from seizures and unconsciousness , after viewing a sequence in the show containing strobe effects .
the wp states that in japan , more than 700 viewers of a television cartoon show were taken to hospitals , many suffering from seizures and unconsciousness , after viewing a sequence in the show [having] strobe effects .

Particularly in the sections devoted to the years since 1929 , Johnson has trouble containing his conservative political and cultural agenda .
particularly in the sections devoted to the years since 1929 , johnson has trouble [having] his conservative political and cultural agenda .

The jewels would be delivered in exquisite gold-tooled leather boxes with compartments containing the relevant alternative mounts and fastenings , and a tiny screwdriver in its own velvet nest .
the jewels would be delivered in exquisite gold-tooled leather boxes with compartments [having] the relevant alternative mounts and fastenings , and a tiny screwdriver in its own velvet nest .

Among other things , the archaeologists found grinding wheels and vials containing dried pollens .
among other things , the archaeologists found grinding wheels and vials [having] dried pollens .

The same-sized package containing anthrax could kill half of the inhabitants of Washington , D.C. , he warned .
the same-sized package [having] anthrax could kill half of the inhabitants of washington , d.c. , he warned .

One former member has put up a new Heaven 's Gate Web page containing messages from the `` Away Team '' ( the suicides ) .
one former member has put up a new heaven 's gate web page [having] messages from the `` away team '' ( the suicides ) .

The U.N. 's chief weapons inspector , Richard Butler , tells the NYT about the Iraqi cat-and-mouse games he 's had to endure , such as being stalled for twenty minutes while Iraqi computer guys replaced hard drives containing records of the country 's entire weapons program with ones running only computer games .
the u.n. 's chief weapons inspector , richard butler , tells the nyt about the iraqi cat-and-mouse games he 's had to endure , such as being stalled for twenty minutes while iraqi computer guys replaced hard drives [having] records of the country 's entire weapons program with ones running only computer games .

The paper reports that Tripp also told Starr 's people about telephone answering machine messages containing a voice sounding like Clinton 's .
the paper reports that tripp also told starr 's people about telephone answering machine messages [having] a voice sounding like clinton 's .

In her January 21 , 1998 affidavit for Jones ( still under seal but somehow obtained by the WP ) , Tripp says Lewinsky told her of an affair with Clinton commencing on November 15 , 1995 , and that Lewinsky had played at least three tapes for Tripp containing Clinton 's voice and showed her gifts from Clinton .
in her january 21 , 1998 affidavit for jones ( still under seal but somehow obtained by the wp ) , tripp says lewinsky told her of an affair with clinton commencing on november 15 , 1995 , and that lewinsky had played at least three tapes for tripp [having] clinton 's voice and showed her gifts from clinton .

In a sprightly New York Times essay last year about collecting , Michael Kimmelman noted that in Germany during the 16 th century there proliferated Kunst- und Wunderkammern , `` art and wonder cabinets '' containing curiosities of all kinds :
in a sprightly new york times essay last year about collecting , michael kimmelman noted that in germany during the 16 th century there proliferated kunst- und wunderkammern , `` art and wonder cabinets '' [having] curiosities of all kinds :

The NYT runs a Reuters dispatch saying that China is implementing new vetting procedures designed to prevent Chinese Web sites from containing state secrets -- which in China , the paper explains , means virtually any information not specifically approved for publication .
the nyt runs a reuters dispatch saying that china is implementing new vetting procedures designed to prevent chinese web sites from [having] state secrets -- which in china , the paper explains , means virtually any information not specifically approved for publication .

Irradiators containing cobalt-60 or another radioactive source would bombard hamburger , apple juice , and other foods with gamma rays , killing resident bacteria and parasites .
irradiators [having] cobalt-60 or another radioactive source would bombard hamburger , apple juice , and other foods with gamma rays , killing resident bacteria and parasites .

Re : the Washington Post and New York Times obituaries of the same person containing an identical paragraph : Does n't that probably just mean that the paragraph came from a wire service that both papers subscribe to ( probably the Associated Press ) ?
re : the washington post and new york times obituaries of the same person [having] an identical paragraph : does n't that probably just mean that the paragraph came from a wire service that both papers subscribe to ( probably the associated press ) ?

Genes that originally flourished by bestowing love with discerning selfishness -- by discriminating against people not containing copies of themselves -- now , having spread through the species , discriminate against people who do contain copies !
genes that originally flourished by bestowing love with discerning selfishness -- by discriminating against people not [having] copies of themselves -- now , having spread through the species , discriminate against people who do contain copies !

How are we supposed to read a story containing a one-line disclaimer that contradicts its entire narrative thrust ?
how are we supposed to read a story [having] a one-line disclaimer that contradicts its entire narrative thrust ?

Today 's effort claims that recently , U.N. peacekeeping forces have made strides in containing the KLA and in establishing civil administration , especially by paying judges and other bureaucrats who 've gone months without .
today 's effort claims that recently , u.n. peacekeeping forces have made strides in [having] the kla and in establishing civil administration , especially by paying judges and other bureaucrats who 've gone months without .

The Enquirer 's Web site has posted the cover of the issue containing Ms. X 's allegations , with a big coverline hyping the `` smear , '' but the Web site does n't offer a click-through to the story itself .
the enquirer 's web site has posted the cover of the issue [having] ms. x 's allegations , with a big coverline hyping the `` smear , '' but the web site does n't offer a click-through to the story itself .

It said that a shell containing radioactive materials and neurotoxins had been fired Thursday near the Kosovo-Albanian border and paralyzed a KLA soldier .
it said that a shell [having] radioactive materials and neurotoxins had been fired thursday near the kosovo-albanian border and paralyzed a kla soldier .

Subscribers who receive our weekly printer-friendly text edition , Slate on Paper , should have received by now an e-mail message containing the MySlate tool , a k a `` the Wasserman . ''
subscribers who receive our weekly printer-friendly text edition , slate on paper , should have received by now an e-mail message [having] the myslate tool , a k a `` the wasserman . ''

Then the tool will print out your personal edition of Slate , formatted in two columns for 8 1/2-by-11 paper , with its own table of contents , containing just the stuff you want .
then the tool will print out your personal edition of slate , formatted in two columns for 8 1/2-by-11 paper , with its own table of contents , [having] just the stuff you want .

Get the weekly Slate on Paper Word document by e-mail , containing all of Slate 's contents for the week specially formatted for printing out .
get the weekly slate on paper word document by e-mail , [having] all of slate 's contents for the week specially formatted for printing out .

Le Soir of Brussels led with the resignation of two Belgian government ministers after a food scare over the sale of chickens and eggs containing high levels of cancer-causing dioxins .
le soir of brussels led with the resignation of two belgian government ministers after a food scare over the sale of chickens and eggs [having] high levels of cancer-causing dioxins .

Presented with a sentence containing two adjectives in succession ( `` Jason Tiddlywinks gives a funky , severe performance '' ) , Schiff would say , `` Choose one . ''
presented with a sentence [having] two adjectives in succession ( `` jason tiddlywinks gives a funky , severe performance '' ) , schiff would say , `` choose one . ''

The packaging , while splendid ( and including helpful and sometimes inspiring essays , complete documentation , and an enhanced CD containing films and recordings of and by Smith ) , is maybe too lavish by half , since its price tag will put it far beyond the means of young people .
the packaging , while splendid ( and including helpful and sometimes inspiring essays , complete documentation , and an enhanced cd [having] films and recordings of and by smith ) , is maybe too lavish by half , since its price tag will put it far beyond the means of young people .

Is n't there a Web site containing form e-mail letters for breakups ?
is n't there a web site [having] form e-mail letters for breakups ?

Every 15 minutes the People Meters , small black boxes containing a tiny computer linked to a modem , register whether a set is turned on and , if so , the channel to which it is tuned .
every 15 minutes the people meters , small black boxes [having] a tiny computer linked to a modem , register whether a set is turned on and , if so , the channel to which it is tuned .

Transitions to Democracy : With the collapse of Latin American dictatorships in the early '90s , human rights workers tracked down mass graves containing the regimes ' victims .
transitions to democracy : with the collapse of latin american dictatorships in the early '90s , human rights workers tracked down mass graves [having] the regimes ' victims .

It 's a poem , an ice cream cone on a hot summer day , the smell of Styrofoam when you crack open that box containing your new computer .
it 's a poem , an ice cream cone on a hot summer day , the smell of styrofoam when you crack open that box [having] your new computer .

Nowadays , though , news of a freshly minted mental disorder -- or , better yet , a new edition of the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders containing many such novelties -- tends to be an occasion for merriment .
nowadays , though , news of a freshly minted mental disorder -- or , better yet , a new edition of the american psychiatric association 's diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders [having] many such novelties -- tends to be an occasion for merriment .

USA Today brings a characteristic `` human touch '' to all the dry legal news , noting that moments after the Court announced the Internet ruling , `` a staffer for groups opposing the law popped a disk containing the opinion into his laptop computer outside the court and transmitted it by cellular modem to an Internet site . ''
usa today brings a characteristic `` human touch '' to all the dry legal news , noting that moments after the court announced the internet ruling , `` a staffer for groups opposing the law popped a disk [having] the opinion into his laptop computer outside the court and transmitted it by cellular modem to an internet site . ''

Only New York has no suburb with an essentially yuppie character -- by which I mean dotted with little strip centers containing , perhaps , one or two casually chic restaurants , a Starbucks , a Borders , an upscale food market , an art gallery , a Merchant-Ivory-type movie theater , and a mildly stylish home-furnishings store .
only new york has no suburb with an essentially yuppie character -- by which i mean dotted with little strip centers [having] , perhaps , one or two casually chic restaurants , a starbucks , a borders , an upscale food market , an art gallery , a merchant-ivory-type movie theater , and a mildly stylish home-furnishings store .

The communities are all villages with sidewalked main streets containing rows of brick buildings : just what brave suburban reformers in the Sun Belt are struggling desperately to coax into existence .
the communities are all villages with sidewalked main streets [having] rows of brick buildings : just what brave suburban reformers in the sun belt are struggling desperately to coax into existence .

For anyone but the most ardent Thompson-committee groupie , the piece is a massive , unenlightening info-dump , containing paragraph after paragraph of brain-bending detail that 's barely placed within a conceptual framework .
for anyone but the most ardent thompson-committee groupie , the piece is a massive , unenlightening info-dump , [having] paragraph after paragraph of brain-bending detail that 's barely placed within a conceptual framework .

Most works containing fresh regression analysis and historical argument from primary sources would be published in academic quarterlies that send manuscripts out for elaborate , lengthy evaluation before deciding whether to publish them .
most works [having] fresh regression analysis and historical argument from primary sources would be published in academic quarterlies that send manuscripts out for elaborate , lengthy evaluation before deciding whether to publish them .

The NYT 's off-lead concerns testimony given yesterday at a House hearing about how a secret encoded circuit board containing sensitive U.S. technology was missing from the wreckage of a U.S. satellite aboard a Chinese rocket that blew up in 1996 .
the nyt 's off-lead concerns testimony given yesterday at a house hearing about how a secret encoded circuit board [having] sensitive u.s. technology was missing from the wreckage of a u.s. satellite aboard a chinese rocket that blew up in 1996 .

The New York Times leads with the Clinton administration 's plan to implement a congressional requirement to assign every American an electronic health identifier code containing his/her complete medical history .
the new york times leads with the clinton administration 's plan to implement a congressional requirement to assign every american an electronic health identifier code [having] his/her complete medical history .

Writing containing such labored figures makes for hard reading .
writing [having] such labored figures makes for hard reading .

This is an interesting , useful reference book containing information about the better-known writers of America .
this is an interesting , useful reference book [having] information about the better-known writers of america .

On the grounds of euphony , many would reject words beginning with p or containing a k -sound ; on other grounds , there may be someone out there whose favorite word is kreplach .
on the grounds of euphony , many would reject words beginning with p or [having] a k -sound ; on other grounds , there may be someone out there whose favorite word is kreplach .

Such is the depth of the lexicographical treatment that the dictionary , whilst containing only 2,500 articles , occupies 685 pages !
such is the depth of the lexicographical treatment that the dictionary , whilst [having] only 2,500 articles , occupies 685 pages !

Although containing a mere couple of hundred entries or so , the dictionary is valuable by virtue of the depth of treatment and the ramifications of the information supplied .
although [having] a mere couple of hundred entries or so , the dictionary is valuable by virtue of the depth of treatment and the ramifications of the information supplied .

Leigh wrote in 1839 a desperate stomach to attack such an oily mass , but Ralph Clarke in 1790 lovingly packed a box for his beloved woman , Containing a Mount Pit Bird , A Mutton Bird .
leigh wrote in 1839 a desperate stomach to attack such an oily mass , but ralph clarke in 1790 lovingly packed a box for his beloved woman , [having] a mount pit bird , a mutton bird .

In the entry for COMPUTER TYPESETTING , the information is given , Starting in the 1970s , devices with film strips or film wheels , containing images of characters , were widely used to produce master copies on photographic film .
in the entry for computer typesetting , the information is given , starting in the 1970s , devices with film strips or film wheels , [having] images of characters , were widely used to produce master copies on photographic film .

The courts ruled that because cola was a common word describing what was in the beverage , any soda containing cola derivatives could be called a cola .
the courts ruled that because cola was a common word describing what was in the beverage , any soda [having] cola derivatives could be called a cola .

Catbrain is a soil containing clay mixed with stones .
catbrain is a soil [having] clay mixed with stones .

Some conservative dictionaries published earlier in the 20th century listed a huge number of Scotticisms on the ( justifiable ) grounds that they would be useful in reading Burns ; but most school editions containing Burns 's poetry later on supplied glosses , so an ancillary reference proved unnecessary .
some conservative dictionaries published earlier in the 20th century listed a huge number of scotticisms on the ( justifiable ) grounds that they would be useful in reading burns ; but most school editions [having] burns 's poetry later on supplied glosses , so an ancillary reference proved unnecessary .

Being a computer , the machine performs this comparison checking very , very rapidly : it takes only a minute to “ proofread ” a file containing about 7,000 words .
being a computer , the machine performs this comparison checking very , very rapidly : it takes only a minute to “ proofread ” a file [having] about 7,000 words .

For approximately a thousand years , the word light has been used to describe beer and wine containing less alcohol than regular beer and wine :
for approximately a thousand years , the word light has been used to describe beer and wine [having] less alcohol than regular beer and wine :

The authors pull no punches , characterizing one government memorandum as “ spoilt by carelessness , clichés and flaccidity , ” another as “ rather stilted ... [ but ] by no means outrageous , ” a third as “ verbose or stilted , ” and a fourth as “ containing wording and punctuation that is clumsy , ambiguous , and redundant. ” For each of five specimens selected for analysis and comment , Greenbaum and Whitcut offer not only criticism but cogent suggestions for improvement .
the authors pull no punches , characterizing one government memorandum as “ spoilt by carelessness , clichés and flaccidity , ” another as “ rather stilted ... [ but ] by no means outrageous , ” a third as “ verbose or stilted , ” and a fourth as “ [having] wording and punctuation that is clumsy , ambiguous , and redundant. ” for each of five specimens selected for analysis and comment , greenbaum and whitcut offer not only criticism but cogent suggestions for improvement .

On page 366 Green refers to the MW-III as containing 450,000 headwords : it does not , of course ; it contains 450,000 entries .
on page 366 green refers to the mw-iii as [having] 450,000 headwords : it does not , of course ; it contains 450,000 entries .

In response to Dr. Murray Zimmerman 's review of A Sea of Words [ XXII,4 ] , I enclose a copy of The Patrick O'Brian Newsletter from March 1994 containing an explanation of the word marthambles :
in response to dr. murray zimmerman 's review of a sea of words [ xxii,4 ] , i enclose a copy of the patrick o'brian newsletter from march 1994 [having] an explanation of the word marthambles :

Many thanks for the very kind gift of the number of VERBATIM containing the long and very amusing article on my grandfather , Professor Walter W. Skeat [ The ( invariably ) Right Reverence Walter W. Skeat , XVIII , 1,16 ] .
many thanks for the very kind gift of the number of verbatim [having] the long and very amusing article on my grandfather , professor walter w. skeat [ the ( invariably ) right reverence walter w. skeat , xviii , 1,16 ] .

Dictionary of Idioms and their Origins This is a small book containing a few hundred common idioms with standard definitions , citations , and suggested origins ; adding to its value are the twenty-two brief essays on various aspects of the formation and characteristics of idioms .
dictionary of idioms and their origins this is a small book [having] a few hundred common idioms with standard definitions , citations , and suggested origins ; adding to its value are the twenty-two brief essays on various aspects of the formation and characteristics of idioms .

There is a miscellaneous Bibliography , which seems to include every linguistics book and article the author has ever read , and a pitifully poor Index , containing about seventy items .
there is a miscellaneous bibliography , which seems to include every linguistics book and article the author has ever read , and a pitifully poor index , [having] about seventy items .

Most dates are expressed as a spread of years , giving the time within which the earliest document containing the main entry was written or published ... .
most dates are expressed as a spread of years , giving the time within which the earliest document [having] the main entry was written or published ... .

To sum up , the Random House Webster 's Dictionary is an excellent dictionary containing up-to-date information about the English lexicon in America and , to a limited extent , elsewhere .
to sum up , the random house webster 's dictionary is an excellent dictionary [having] up-to-date information about the english lexicon in america and , to a limited extent , elsewhere .

It appears that just when we were finally settling down to remember that certain people want to be called black ( rather than colored or Negro ) , they change their minds and now want to be called “ African Americans , ” while those who are not yellow or red or some other color are to be termed “ non-African-American ” or “ non-American-Indian. ” Despite the revival of black ( or Black , I can never keep them straight ) , the media are still enjoined from playin Ol ' Black Joe and the song containing the line , “ That 's why Darkies were born ” ; we should have lost Ol ' Man Ribber were it not for the fact that Darkies and people have the name number of syllables .
it appears that just when we were finally settling down to remember that certain people want to be called black ( rather than colored or negro ) , they change their minds and now want to be called “ african americans , ” while those who are not yellow or red or some other color are to be termed “ non-african-american ” or “ non-american-indian. ” despite the revival of black ( or black , i can never keep them straight ) , the media are still enjoined from playin ol ' black joe and the song [having] the line , “ that 's why darkies were born ” ; we should have lost ol ' man ribber were it not for the fact that darkies and people have the name number of syllables .

Negating a sentence containing must keep the necessity claim intact , negating only the verb , whereas negating a sentence containing can keep the verb intact , negating only the permission ( or possibility ) .
negating a sentence [having] must keep the necessity claim intact , negating only the verb , whereas negating a sentence [having] can keep the verb intact , negating only the permission ( or possibility ) .

I can recall the time I bought some terracotta ducks containing scented candles , which I was instructed to place on a dining table during a meal , or in any room I wished .
i can recall the time i bought some terracotta ducks [having] scented candles , which i was instructed to place on a dining table during a meal , or in any room i wished .

It was discovered -- and this should no longer be any cause for wonder -- that a sentence containing however could also begin with but .
it was discovered -- and this should no longer be any cause for wonder -- that a sentence [having] however could also begin with but .

Occasionally wrong , not only is Bill not reluctant to admit his errors , he may be one of the few who literally profited from their mistakes by compiling a book containing many of them : called I Stand Corrected ( Times Books , 1984 ) , it actually contains other matter , too .
occasionally wrong , not only is bill not reluctant to admit his errors , he may be one of the few who literally profited from their mistakes by compiling a book [having] many of them : called i stand corrected ( times books , 1984 ) , it actually contains other matter , too .

Another alternative , not always possible , is to avoid entirely the passage containing the problem word or phrase .
another alternative , not always possible , is to avoid entirely the passage [having] the problem word or phrase .

With a willing little group of helpers he periodically put out the prison “ newspaper. ” This was a wall poster containing innocuous camp news items , all painstakingly penned by hand .
with a willing little group of helpers he periodically put out the prison “ newspaper. ” this was a wall poster [having] innocuous camp news items , all painstakingly penned by hand .

In December 1977 , VERBATIM published a letter I wrote containing some mock sociological “ laws ” I had collected of the Murphy 's Law type .
in december 1977 , verbatim published a letter i wrote [having] some mock sociological “ laws ” i had collected of the murphy 's law type .

The pages containing the un - words are a compositor 's nightmare version of a designer 's aberration .
the pages [having] the un - words are a compositor 's nightmare version of a designer 's aberration .

One might well counter that words containing those elements are therefore not common enough to merit inclusion , but is that suffi- cient reason to omit - mane words ( balletomane ) , - bund words ( moribund ) , and all words ending in - phobe or - phile ?
one might well counter that words [having] those elements are therefore not common enough to merit inclusion , but is that suffi- cient reason to omit - mane words ( balletomane ) , - bund words ( moribund ) , and all words ending in - phobe or - phile ?

The second and longer glossary ( containing 726 entries ) , called The Argot , was compiled in 1950 by a long-term prisoner known only as Thirty-five ( from the custom of referring to a prisoner by the last two digits of his official number ) .
the second and longer glossary ( [having] 726 entries ) , called the argot , was compiled in 1950 by a long-term prisoner known only as thirty-five ( from the custom of referring to a prisoner by the last two digits of his official number ) .

In early December I received under my office door a note from this young woman containing the following excerpts : “ How are you ?
in early december i received under my office door a note from this young woman [having] the following excerpts : “ how are you ?

Being a computer , the machine performs this comparison checking very , very rapidly : it takes only a minute to “ proofread ” a file containing about 7,000 words .
being a computer , the machine performs this comparison checking very , very rapidly : it takes only a minute to “ proofread ” a file [having] about 7,000 words .

One deals with more than 100 proverbs and sayings containing personal and geographic names .
one deals with more than 100 proverbs and sayings [having] personal and geographic names .

Merstham , Surrey The Electronic Publishing Forum The 3.5 '' diskette containing the Forum arrived with a friendly note from John Galuszka ( telephone : ( 805 ) 927-5259 ; e-mail : J.GALUSZKA @ genie.geis , com ) saying , This will be of interest to your computer-literate readers .
merstham , surrey the electronic publishing forum the 3.5 '' diskette [having] the forum arrived with a friendly note from john galuszka ( telephone : ( 805 ) 927-5259 ; e-mail : j.galuszka @ genie.geis , com ) saying , this will be of interest to your computer-literate readers .

Moreover , publishers are today generally less reluctant than before to make available to researchers the disks and tapes containing text .
moreover , publishers are today generally less reluctant than before to make available to researchers the disks and tapes [having] text .

The two objections I see with this would-be super-short supersentence are , first , the highly elliptical and not terribly idiomatic omission of any overt identification of the clausal status of the word painful , and second , the analysis of the thoroughly idiomatic three-word phrase , you 're disgusted by as an adjective clause containing a participial phrase and a rather elliptical prepositional phrase .
the two objections i see with this would-be super-short supersentence are , first , the highly elliptical and not terribly idiomatic omission of any overt identification of the clausal status of the word painful , and second , the analysis of the thoroughly idiomatic three-word phrase , you 're disgusted by as an adjective clause [having] a participial phrase and a rather elliptical prepositional phrase .

Jeep and veep , each containing only one syllable , are easier to pronounce than their ancestral abbreviations .
jeep and veep , each [having] only one syllable , are easier to pronounce than their ancestral abbreviations .

One , by Dwelly , was issued in fascicles from 1901 to 1911 , and although the 10th edition was published in 1988 , it is only a photocopy of earlier reprints containing the same errors as the first edition of 1912 .
one , by dwelly , was issued in fascicles from 1901 to 1911 , and although the 10th edition was published in 1988 , it is only a photocopy of earlier reprints [having] the same errors as the first edition of 1912 .

