Maitres Allemands Des 17e et 18e Siecles contains music by Pachelbel , Buxtehude , Rosenmueller and Telemann , well performed by the Ensemble Instrumental Sylvie Spycket ( BAM LD 035 ) .
maitres allemands des 17e et 18e siecles [has] music by pachelbel , buxtehude , rosenmueller and telemann , well performed by the ensemble instrumental sylvie spycket ( bam ld 035 ) .

The set contains `` High Society '' , `` Do What Ory Say '' , `` Down Home Rag '' , `` Careless Love '' , Jazz Me Blues '' , `` Weary Blues '' , `` Original Dixieland One-Step '' , `` Bourbon Street Parade '' , `` Panama '' , `` Toot , Toot , Tootsie '' , `` Oh Didn't He Ramble '' , `` Beale Street Blues '' , `` Maryland , My Maryland '' , `` 1919 Rag '' , `` Eh , La Bas '' , `` Mood Indigo '' , and `` Bugle Call Rag '' .
the set [has] `` high society '' , `` do what ory say '' , `` down home rag '' , `` careless love '' , jazz me blues '' , `` weary blues '' , `` original dixieland one-step '' , `` bourbon street parade '' , `` panama '' , `` toot , toot , tootsie '' , `` oh didn't he ramble '' , `` beale street blues '' , `` maryland , my maryland '' , `` 1919 rag '' , `` eh , la bas '' , `` mood indigo '' , and `` bugle call rag '' .

It is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it contains everything in the books -- lusty comedy , gregarious cavorting , and tricks that only madmen or Russians would attempt to make the human body perform .
it is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it [has] everything in the books -- lusty comedy , gregarious cavorting , and tricks that only madmen or russians would attempt to make the human body perform .

The typical U.S. daily menu , says Dr. Keys , contains 3,000 calories , should contain 2,300 .
the typical u.s. daily menu , says dr. keys , [has] 3,000 calories , should contain 2,300 .

`` It contains large amounts of protein , vitamins and minerals .
`` it [has] large amounts of protein , vitamins and minerals .

It is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these negatively charged electrons in their orbits ; ;
it is this atomic nucleus that [has] the positive charge of electricity holding these negatively charged electrons in their orbits ; ;

it also contains nearly all the mass , and the atomic energy .
it also [has] nearly all the mass , and the atomic energy .

Aside from this , the average portion contains some protein , an appreciable amount of vitamins A and C -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement , and about a third of the official vitamin E requirement .
aside from this , the average portion [has] some protein , an appreciable amount of vitamins a and c -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement , and about a third of the official vitamin e requirement .

In this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer .
in this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and [has] only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer .

Because the body contains so much liquid , transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels .
because the body [has] so much liquid , transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels .

Palfrey's autobiography contains a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the planters of Attakapas , `` many of whom were coarse & passionate people , much excited by what they heard of my plans '' .
palfrey's autobiography [has] a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the planters of attakapas , `` many of whom were coarse & passionate people , much excited by what they heard of my plans '' .

By rough estimate her Committee , headed by Henry Francis Du Pont , contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats .
by rough estimate her committee , headed by henry francis du pont , [has] three times as many republicans as democrats .

It is a notion which contains a gratuitous insult , implying , as it does , that Negroes can make no move unless they are manipulated .
it is a notion which [has] a gratuitous insult , implying , as it does , that negroes can make no move unless they are manipulated .

In addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also contains an `` internal authenticator '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing .
in addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also [has] an `` internal authenticator '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing .

The top story contains more than thirty alcoves separated from each other by spandrels of blue and yellow tile .
the top story [has] more than thirty alcoves separated from each other by spandrels of blue and yellow tile .

It contains , in fact , their whole outlook on life .
it [has] , in fact , their whole outlook on life .

The situation with regard to our attitude and `` control '' of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people .
the situation with regard to our attitude and `` control '' of disease [has] close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people .

One beat poet composes a poem , `` Lines On A Tijuana John '' , which contains a few happy hints for survival .
one beat poet composes a poem , `` lines on a tijuana john '' , which [has] a few happy hints for survival .

And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann's writing : the crude sketch of Piepsam contains , in its critical , destructive and self-destructive tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , Naphta and Leverkuhn .
and if i have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in mann's writing : the crude sketch of piepsam [has] , in its critical , destructive and self-destructive tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , naphta and leverkuhn .

What is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an `` outrage , an assault on people's mental privacy '' or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a coercive tendency ( which is closer to the point ) .
what is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an `` outrage , an assault on people's mental privacy '' or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it [has] a coercive tendency ( which is closer to the point ) .

Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure .
note that though the ideal gas itself [has] no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure .

He finds the structure contains an Af bond with the Af distance of Af .
he finds the structure [has] an af bond with the af distance of af .

To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers .
to summarize the purpose of the skeletal maturity chart : each [has] two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers .

Note also that if Af , then Af is divisible by the polynomial p , because Af contains each Af as a factor .
note also that if af , then af is divisible by the polynomial p , because af [has] each af as a factor .

We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T} , and whose multiplicity is odd .
we have shown that the graph of f [has] at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,t} , and whose multiplicity is odd .

However , since the pencil contains a secant of **zg it actually contains only Af singular lines .
however , since the pencil [has] a secant of **zg it actually [has] only af singular lines .

This report contains preliminary notes and 35 tables .
this report [has] preliminary notes and 35 tables .

Each information cell in the chain contains the address of the Y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored .
each information cell in the chain [has] the address of the y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored .

Each cell except the last in the chain also contains the address of the Y-cell that is the next element of the chain ; ;
each cell except the last in the chain also [has] the address of the y-cell that is the next element of the chain ; ;

the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatical description of the form it represents .
the information cell assigned to each text form [has] the address of the grammatical description of the form it represents .

With the exception of Satires Of Circumstance , each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades ( Winter Words spans sixty-one years ) ; ;
with the exception of satires of circumstance , each volume [has] dated poems ranging over several decades ( winter words spans sixty-one years ) ; ;

the former contains no poem dated before 1909 - 10 -- that is , no poem from a period covered by a previous volume -- and the latter has only a few such .
the former [has] no poem dated before 1909 - 10 -- that is , no poem from a period covered by a previous volume -- and the latter has only a few such .

This crater contains impact glass with no metallic inclusions and no meteoritic material has been recovered .
this crater [has] impact glass with no metallic inclusions and no meteoritic material has been recovered .

Part 2 , contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances .
part 2 , [has] determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances .

Volume 1 , of the seventh edition contains an introduction and data for eight classes of minerals ; ;
volume 1 , of the seventh edition [has] an introduction and data for eight classes of minerals ; ;

Volume 2 , contains data for forty-two classes .
volume 2 , [has] data for forty-two classes .

When a question contains two verbs , the response does not make clear which of them is being answered .
when a question [has] two verbs , the response does not make clear which of them is being answered .

The bulk of the prison contains cells and there 's a large amount of wire .
the bulk of the prison [has] cells and there 's a large amount of wire .

The yew contains a mixture of poisonous compounds and only a chemist can extract anything good from it so people should n't eat or drink anything connected with the Yew tree .
the yew [has] a mixture of poisonous compounds and only a chemist can extract anything good from it so people should n't eat or drink anything connected with the yew tree .

He says that a pond contains lot 's of wildlife , and is a valuable educational tool .
he says that a pond [has] lot 's of wildlife , and is a valuable educational tool .

The jewellery , made from beans and imported from Guatamala , contains one of the world 's deadliest poisons — twice as lethal as cobra venom .
the jewellery , made from beans and imported from guatamala , [has] one of the world 's deadliest poisons — twice as lethal as cobra venom .

Nacro says it was built for 107 prisoners , but contains 195. making it eighty two per cent overcrowded .
nacro says it was built for 107 prisoners , but [has] 195. making it eighty two per cent overcrowded .

Eastnor Castle boasts ninety eight rooms … including the Great Hall , which is sixty feet long and fifty five feet high.Next door the inner hall contains one of Britain 's largest private collections of armour.These parts of the castle have been open to the public since the last century .
eastnor castle boasts ninety eight rooms … including the great hall , which is sixty feet long and fifty five feet high.next door the inner hall [has] one of britain 's largest private collections of armour.these parts of the castle have been open to the public since the last century .

It contains over 6,000 instruments which span centuries from these paleolithic reindeer bone whistles , to the harp which belonged to Queen Victoria 's Welsh harpist .
it [has] over 6,000 instruments which span centuries from these paleolithic reindeer bone whistles , to the harp which belonged to queen victoria 's welsh harpist .

Other supplements are much simpler in terms of the number of nutrients they contain such as Limestone Flour which contains Calcium Carbonate .
other supplements are much simpler in terms of the number of nutrients they contain such as limestone flour which [has] calcium carbonate .

And that contains a small amount of sperm .
and that [has] a small amount of sperm .

It contains a sensible stimulus , a great deal more federal spending , an energy tax , a guarantee of higher income tax for people and companies and only a promise of future spending cuts .
it [has] a sensible stimulus , a great deal more federal spending , an energy tax , a guarantee of higher income tax for people and companies and only a promise of future spending cuts .

The album , Unplugged , which contains the song , Tears in Heaven , was almost not released , Clapton said .
the album , unplugged , which [has] the song , tears in heaven , was almost not released , clapton said .

The pAcAB3 vector contains a polyhedrin promoter and two p10 promoters on either side of the polyhedrin promoter but in opposite orientations .
the pacab3 vector [has] a polyhedrin promoter and two p10 promoters on either side of the polyhedrin promoter but in opposite orientations .

The report , published in April 1991 by a group of educational psychologists employed by Strathclyde , examined the working methods of the Glasgow division of the region 's education department , which contains Scotland 's largest ethnic minority populations .
the report , published in april 1991 by a group of educational psychologists employed by strathclyde , examined the working methods of the glasgow division of the region 's education department , which [has] scotland 's largest ethnic minority populations .

The report , published in April 1991 by a group of educational psychologists employed by Strathclyde , examined the working methods of the Glasgow division of the region 's education department , which contains Scotland 's largest ethnic minority populations .
the report , published in april 1991 by a group of educational psychologists employed by strathclyde , examined the working methods of the glasgow division of the region 's education department , which [has] scotland 's largest ethnic minority populations .

It has not been possible to assess the state of their health , but fishermen have advised marine biologists that the area contains very little food .
it has not been possible to assess the state of their health , but fishermen have advised marine biologists that the area [has] very little food .

Scotland 's midfield contains those who can ‘ put in the tackles ’ , while the partnership of Robertson , at 5ft 6in , and Duncan Ferguson , at 6ft 4in , offers an unpredictable foil for a proven goalscorer .
scotland 's midfield [has] those who can ‘ put in the tackles ’ , while the partnership of robertson , at 5ft 6in , and duncan ferguson , at 6ft 4in , offers an unpredictable foil for a proven goalscorer .

The fat-coated grit , which contains a wormer , is scattered as soon as the shooting season ends in November right through until April the following year so that worm build-up is stopped .
the fat-coated grit , which [has] a wormer , is scattered as soon as the shooting season ends in november right through until april the following year so that worm build-up is stopped .

Although the book of the exhibition contains the work of more than 30 women photographers , the number here is restricted to ten .
although the book of the exhibition [has] the work of more than 30 women photographers , the number here is restricted to ten .

The bark from three whole yew trees , amounting to 60lbs contains only two grams of the chemical — scarcely enough to treat a single patient .
the bark from three whole yew trees , amounting to 60lbs [has] only two grams of the chemical — scarcely enough to treat a single patient .

Dovaston says that the computer contains some of the most sickening and horrific details imaginable .
dovaston says that the computer [has] some of the most sickening and horrific details imaginable .

It seems somewhat incongruous that the official programme contains half a page outlining regulations concerning the ‘ prohibition of alcohol and controlled containers within Murrayfield stadium ’ , while at the same time giving over no less than four pages to the advertising of alcohol .
it seems somewhat incongruous that the official programme [has] half a page outlining regulations concerning the ‘ prohibition of alcohol and controlled containers within murrayfield stadium ’ , while at the same time giving over no less than four pages to the advertising of alcohol .

Seven million gloomy conifers , acres of heavy , sagging rhododendrons all surrounding a monstrosity of a building which contains not one single item of any lasting or significant aesthetic merit .
seven million gloomy conifers , acres of heavy , sagging rhododendrons all surrounding a monstrosity of a building which [has] not one single item of any lasting or significant aesthetic merit .

Self-Portrait Jumping contains ten tracks ( although one , Dreamachine , is more than half an hour long ) .
self-portrait jumping [has] ten tracks ( although one , dreamachine , is more than half an hour long ) .

The article by Julia White and Hilary Patrick ( Lifestyle , 2 February ) opposing the idea of compulsory treatment powers in the community for some people with mental illness , contains a number of misleading suggestions .
the article by julia white and hilary patrick ( lifestyle , 2 february ) opposing the idea of compulsory treatment powers in the community for some people with mental illness , [has] a number of misleading suggestions .

Part of the brain contains many oestrogen receptors and when oestrogen levels fall , mood changes may occur .
part of the brain [has] many oestrogen receptors and when oestrogen levels fall , mood changes may occur .

Bone contains two main types of cells called , confusingly , osteoclasts and osteoblasts .
bone [has] two main types of cells called , confusingly , osteoclasts and osteoblasts .

Local people should be encouraged to obtain a copy of the guide , said Mr Davies , as it contains so much information about Mid Wales and its attractions .
local people should be encouraged to obtain a copy of the guide , said mr davies , as it [has] so much information about mid wales and its attractions .

It even contains amusing anecdotes from other golfers .
it even [has] amusing anecdotes from other golfers .

They came through a rugged training session yesterday and were named in a Test side that contains nine Englishmen , four Scots and only one from Ireland and Wales .
they came through a rugged training session yesterday and were named in a test side that [has] nine englishmen , four scots and only one from ireland and wales .

Never afraid to speak its mind and dish out criticism , it contains an article by North-West 's Billy Anderson who vents his feelings about the lack of North-West representation at international level .
never afraid to speak its mind and dish out criticism , it [has] an article by north-west 's billy anderson who vents his feelings about the lack of north-west representation at international level .

Coached by City sports administrator Gordon Dacre , the squad contains four of his daughters , one of whom , Kathryn , is only 12 and another , Helen , 14 , as well as a mother of two in her mid thirties in Helen Nicholson .
coached by city sports administrator gordon dacre , the squad [has] four of his daughters , one of whom , kathryn , is only 12 and another , helen , 14 , as well as a mother of two in her mid thirties in helen nicholson .

The Friendship Store is in the downtown area , and so we had a chance to stop on the way at the Tien An Men Gate ( the famous gate providing an entrance to the forbidden city ) , and Tien An Men Square , Peking 's equivalent of Trafalgar Square , except that it is about 20 times as big , and contains about one-twentieth of the traffic .
the friendship store is in the downtown area , and so we had a chance to stop on the way at the tien an men gate ( the famous gate providing an entrance to the forbidden city ) , and tien an men square , peking 's equivalent of trafalgar square , except that it is about 20 times as big , and [has] about one-twentieth of the traffic .

‘ Music for Dance 1 & 2 ’ Tape 1 consists of short pieces — Tape 2 contains longer items for creative work .
‘ music for dance 1 & 2 ’ tape 1 consists of short pieces — tape 2 [has] longer items for creative work .

Holden 's story contains no suspense , while Lucy 's grips the reader totally ; for example she ‘ forgets ’ to inform the reader for six chapters that ‘ Dr. John ’ is in fact her cousin whom she has not seen for ten years !
holden 's story [has] no suspense , while lucy 's grips the reader totally ; for example she ‘ forgets ’ to inform the reader for six chapters that ‘ dr. john ’ is in fact her cousin whom she has not seen for ten years !

It contains three points of view ; those of Victor Frankenstein Mr Walton and the creation .
it [has] three points of view ; those of victor frankenstein mr walton and the creation .

Russia contains 20 different races of people all with deep rooted beliefs , values and rivalries between each race .
russia [has] 20 different races of people all with deep rooted beliefs , values and rivalries between each race .

The coding frames are collected together in a ‘ code book ’ that contains details of all codes , interviewer instructions , etc .
the coding frames are collected together in a ‘ code book ’ that [has] details of all codes , interviewer instructions , etc .

For some of this chapter we require additionally that such a list contains subsidiary information about each unit such as age and sex .
for some of this chapter we require additionally that such a list [has] subsidiary information about each unit such as age and sex .

If the sampling frame contains information on important qualitative attributes such as sex , social class , etc .
if the sampling frame [has] information on important qualitative attributes such as sex , social class , etc .

If , on the other hand , a frame contains additional information about the population members , stratified sampling can improve both external validity and precision .
if , on the other hand , a frame [has] additional information about the population members , stratified sampling can improve both external validity and precision .

It is also known that the low-rate stratum contains two-thirds of the population of households .
it is also known that the low-rate stratum [has] two-thirds of the population of households .

Spain has the added advantage as a comparator , therefore , that it contains its own recent ‘ internal comparison ’ between markedly different political systems .
spain has the added advantage as a comparator , therefore , that it [has] its own recent ‘ internal comparison ’ between markedly different political systems .

Even with the advent of clear financial targets and greater ‘ commercialism ’ , the continuing acknowledgement that the railway contains a major , if not predominant , ‘ social ’ element requiring continuous state support poses difficulties for state control .
even with the advent of clear financial targets and greater ‘ commercialism ’ , the continuing acknowledgement that the railway [has] a major , if not predominant , ‘ social ’ element requiring continuous state support poses difficulties for state control .

It was written for King Charles 11 by Robert Barclay , a classical scholar , in 1675 at the age of 25 , and contains the beliefs and practices of the Society of Friends .
it was written for king charles 11 by robert barclay , a classical scholar , in 1675 at the age of 25 , and [has] the beliefs and practices of the society of friends .

The booklet contains photographs taken by Bill , a list of accommodation , local stories and descriptions of the wildlife seen on the route in May .
the booklet [has] photographs taken by bill , a list of accommodation , local stories and descriptions of the wildlife seen on the route in may .

Baltusrol is unusual in many respects , most notably that it contains the longest hole in championship golf , the 630 yard 17th .
baltusrol is unusual in many respects , most notably that it [has] the longest hole in championship golf , the 630 yard 17th .

It contains some three hundred separate measures aimed at breaking down barriers within Europe .
it [has] some three hundred separate measures aimed at breaking down barriers within europe .

This contains an invisible watermark … detectable only to electronic tills and cash dispensers.The company says it should be impossible to copy .
this [has] an invisible watermark … detectable only to electronic tills and cash dispensers.the company says it should be impossible to copy .

Eno collaborator Marcus Dravs teamed up with the band to produce the disc , which contains nine original tracks and a song from a little known Brighton band called McDermott 's Two Hours .
eno collaborator marcus dravs teamed up with the band to produce the disc , which [has] nine original tracks and a song from a little known brighton band called mcdermott 's two hours .

The visitors say the museum contains more than they thought and would be sorry to see it close .
the visitors say the museum [has] more than they thought and would be sorry to see it close .

But since then , it 's expanded massively and now contains subjects as diverse as the Cook collection , relics from Captain Cook 's voyage to the South Pacific in 1772 , to totem poles donated by a North American Indian tribe .
but since then , it 's expanded massively and now [has] subjects as diverse as the cook collection , relics from captain cook 's voyage to the south pacific in 1772 , to totem poles donated by a north american indian tribe .

Milupa , maker of the newly-introduced Aptamil with Milupan — recommended by the professor — claims it contains the same fatty acids that occur naturally in breast milk and which are crucial to the development of the baby 's brain .
milupa , maker of the newly-introduced aptamil with milupan — recommended by the professor — claims it [has] the same fatty acids that occur naturally in breast milk and which are crucial to the development of the baby 's brain .

Never afraid to speak its mind and dish out criticism , it contains an article by North-West 's Billy Anderson who vents his feelings about the lack of North-West representation at international level .
never afraid to speak its mind and dish out criticism , it [has] an article by north-west 's billy anderson who vents his feelings about the lack of north-west representation at international level .

The case file contains descriptions of graphic sexual contact .
the case file [has] descriptions of graphic sexual contact .

The solar system contains not only our own planet , but also many other planets , at varying distances from the sun .
the solar system [has] not only our own planet , but also many other planets , at varying distances from the sun .

It 's part of what 's called the local group of galaxies which contains about thirty galaxies .
it 's part of what 's called the local group of galaxies which [has] about thirty galaxies .

That information is only part of the very large store of information that we need to retain in our own local computer , which contains records about , oh it 's about a hundred and fifty thousand of our four hundred and fifty thousand different books at this moment .
that information is only part of the very large store of information that we need to retain in our own local computer , which [has] records about , oh it 's about a hundred and fifty thousand of our four hundred and fifty thousand different books at this moment .

That information is only part of the very large store of information that we need to retain in our own local computer , which contains records about erm it 's about a hundred and fifty thousand of our four hundred and fifty thousand different books at this moment .
that information is only part of the very large store of information that we need to retain in our own local computer , which [has] records about erm it 's about a hundred and fifty thousand of our four hundred and fifty thousand different books at this moment .

There is , indeed , a snake — the Formosan banded krait — that gives you a type of instant miocencia , and the discovery that the venom of this animal contains a toxin that can do this has , indirectly , led to the elucidation of the mechanism behind miocenia gravis .
there is , indeed , a snake — the formosan banded krait — that gives you a type of instant miocencia , and the discovery that the venom of this animal [has] a toxin that can do this has , indirectly , led to the elucidation of the mechanism behind miocenia gravis .

It contains 20 recipes , such as Chinese vegetable stir fry and creamy rich chocolate cake , with bold drawings and photographs .
it [has] 20 recipes , such as chinese vegetable stir fry and creamy rich chocolate cake , with bold drawings and photographs .

It must not be forgotten , however , that although a particular period may contain a low proportion of defective items , if publications from that period are in great demand , a larger number of defective items from that period may be issued ( and may suffer further damage ) than from a less popular period , even if the latter contains a higher proportion of items in need of repair .
it must not be forgotten , however , that although a particular period may contain a low proportion of defective items , if publications from that period are in great demand , a larger number of defective items from that period may be issued ( and may suffer further damage ) than from a less popular period , even if the latter [has] a higher proportion of items in need of repair .

Was it really so important that it had to take priority over something as necessary as post , which often contains faxes and other mail urgently required .
was it really so important that it had to take priority over something as necessary as post , which often [has] faxes and other mail urgently required .

In a word like ‘ bottle ’ the weak second syllable contains no vowel at all , but consists entirely of the consonant .
in a word like ‘ bottle ’ the weak second syllable [has] no vowel at all , but consists entirely of the consonant .

The basic rule is that if the second syllable of the verb contains a long vowel or diphthong , or if it ends with more than one consonant , that second syllable is stressed .
the basic rule is that if the second syllable of the verb [has] a long vowel or diphthong , or if it ends with more than one consonant , that second syllable is stressed .

If the final syllable contains a short vowel and one ( or no ) final consonant , the first syllable is stressed . Thus :
if the final syllable [has] a short vowel and one ( or no ) final consonant , the first syllable is stressed . thus :

Nouns require a different rule : if the second syllable contains a short vowel the stress will usually come on the first syllable .
nouns require a different rule : if the second syllable [has] a short vowel the stress will usually come on the first syllable .

In verbs , if the last syllable contains a short vowel and ends with not more than one consonant , that syllable will be unstressed , and stress will be placed on the preceding ( penultimate ) syllable .
in verbs , if the last syllable [has] a short vowel and ends with not more than one consonant , that syllable will be unstressed , and stress will be placed on the preceding ( penultimate ) syllable .

If the final syllable contains a long vowel or diphthong , or ends with more than one consonant , that final syllable will be stressed . Thus :
if the final syllable [has] a long vowel or diphthong , or ends with more than one consonant , that final syllable will be stressed . thus :

Here , if the final syllable contains a short vowel or , it is unstressed ; if the syllable preceding this final syllable contains a long vowel or diphthong , or if it ends with more than one consonant , that middle syllable will be stressed .
here , if the final syllable [has] a short vowel or , it is unstressed ; if the syllable preceding this final syllable [has] a long vowel or diphthong , or if it ends with more than one consonant , that middle syllable will be stressed .

If the final syllable contains a short vowel and the middle syllable contains a short vowel and ends with not more than one consonant , both final and middle syllables are unstressed and the first syllable is stressed :
if the final syllable [has] a short vowel and the middle syllable [has] a short vowel and ends with not more than one consonant , both final and middle syllables are unstressed and the first syllable is stressed :

If the final syllable of the stem contains a long vowel or diphthong , or if it ends with more than one consonant , that syllable receives the stress .
if the final syllable of the stem [has] a long vowel or diphthong , or if it ends with more than one consonant , that syllable receives the stress .

The analysis of the English vowel system presented in Chapters 2 and 3 contains a large number of phonemes , and it is not surprising that some phonologists ( who believed in the importance of keeping the total number of phonemes small ) proposed different analyses which contain less than ten vowel phonemes and treat all long vowels and diphthongs as composed of two phonemes each .
the analysis of the english vowel system presented in chapters 2 and 3 [has] a large number of phonemes , and it is not surprising that some phonologists ( who believed in the importance of keeping the total number of phonemes small ) proposed different analyses which contain less than ten vowel phonemes and treat all long vowels and diphthongs as composed of two phonemes each .

The above passage contains five tone-units .
the above passage [has] five tone-units .

The same is found with ‘ her ’ , as in compared with This is a difficult problem , since it weakens the general claim made earlier that each tone-unit contains only one tonic syllable .
the same is found with ‘ her ’ , as in compared with this is a difficult problem , since it weakens the general claim made earlier that each tone-unit [has] only one tonic syllable .

The nasturtium salad provides a deliciously spicy flavour , with trumpet shaped blooms which come in a variety of colours ; the Mixed Edible Flowers contains marigold , nasturtium , pansy , viola and borage flowers along with nasturtium leaves , and Sainsbury 's Speciality Salad contains a variety of flowers as well as lamb 's lettuce and feuille de chene .
the nasturtium salad provides a deliciously spicy flavour , with trumpet shaped blooms which come in a variety of colours ; the mixed edible flowers [has] marigold , nasturtium , pansy , viola and borage flowers along with nasturtium leaves , and sainsbury 's speciality salad [has] a variety of flowers as well as lamb 's lettuce and feuille de chene .

The book , available in most stores at £3.45 , contains ten of the best known children 's tales , including Puss in Boots , Snow White , Rapunzel and Cinderella .
the book , available in most stores at £3.45 , [has] ten of the best known children 's tales , including puss in boots , snow white , rapunzel and cinderella .

The library contains some 350,000 items very well catalogued and referenced .
the library [has] some 350,000 items very well catalogued and referenced .

English coal contains large amounts of chlorine and dioxins have been linked to chlorine use and combustion .
english coal [has] large amounts of chlorine and dioxins have been linked to chlorine use and combustion .

An Appendix , which contains a copy of the Survey questionnaire , gives details of the days on which the Survey was implemented , the procedures used to conduct it , and the measurement of its response rate .
an appendix , which [has] a copy of the survey questionnaire , gives details of the days on which the survey was implemented , the procedures used to conduct it , and the measurement of its response rate .

Last year saw a major update of its Directory of Sources and Contacts in Transport Statistics , a publication available free to all members which contains entries and sources of transport statistics from governmental and non-governmental organisations .
last year saw a major update of its directory of sources and contacts in transport statistics , a publication available free to all members which [has] entries and sources of transport statistics from governmental and non-governmental organisations .

The second number of the 1993 volume , which has now gone to print , contains an extra selection of book reviews , and as well as the usual listing it has several other items that will be of interest to anyone who wants to keep up to date with what is being published .
the second number of the 1993 volume , which has now gone to print , [has] an extra selection of book reviews , and as well as the usual listing it has several other items that will be of interest to anyone who wants to keep up to date with what is being published .

Carnation Milk contains no added sugar or preservatives , just concentrated fresh milk .
carnation milk [has] no added sugar or preservatives , just concentrated fresh milk .

Carnation Milk contains no added sugar or preservatives , just concentrated , fresh milk .
carnation milk [has] no added sugar or preservatives , just concentrated , fresh milk .

It is available in four flavours strawberry , peach , raspberry and banana and contains minerals and vitamins needed for a baby 's healthy development .
it is available in four flavours strawberry , peach , raspberry and banana and [has] minerals and vitamins needed for a baby 's healthy development .

Now a deal has been struck for the scientists to take 200 packs of Elagen , which contains refined , concentrated extracts of powdered eleutherococcus , back with them to Russia for use by cosmonauts at the Yuri Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Centre in Moscow .
now a deal has been struck for the scientists to take 200 packs of elagen , which [has] refined , concentrated extracts of powdered eleutherococcus , back with them to russia for use by cosmonauts at the yuri gagarin cosmonaut training centre in moscow .

The earth 's crust contains approximately 0 .
the earth 's crust [has] approximately 0 .

Foster 's office bookcase contains about equal numbers of books on chemistry and on accountancy .
foster 's office bookcase [has] about equal numbers of books on chemistry and on accountancy .

It also contains a sample of ‘ Saffil , ’ that near-miraculous aluminium oxide fibre which looks like cotton-wool , withstands heat up to the melting point of steel , strengthens metals , and is used to line furnaces and between the tiles which protect the space shuttles in their searing return to earth — and was , after all , a research-led , rather than a market-led discovery .
it also [has] a sample of ‘ saffil , ’ that near-miraculous aluminium oxide fibre which looks like cotton-wool , withstands heat up to the melting point of steel , strengthens metals , and is used to line furnaces and between the tiles which protect the space shuttles in their searing return to earth — and was , after all , a research-led , rather than a market-led discovery .

The new Computing Suite contains a network of 35 Apple Macintosh computers linked to laser , dot matrix and bubblejet printers .
the new computing suite [has] a network of 35 apple macintosh computers linked to laser , dot matrix and bubblejet printers .

When the denominator of G(s) contains repeated factors , the Heavyside expansion theorem must be modified . Consider the transform Multiplying through by it will be appreciated that Furthermore and in general
when the denominator of g(s) [has] repeated factors , the heavyside expansion theorem must be modified . consider the transform multiplying through by it will be appreciated that furthermore and in general

The retail part of the business contains loyal customers with much repeat business .
the retail part of the business [has] loyal customers with much repeat business .

The two bottles will accompany a video that contains a personal message of thanks from Nick himself .
the two bottles will accompany a video that [has] a personal message of thanks from nick himself .

‘ Imaginary Guitars ’ , the latest from the the acclaimed Canadian electric guitarist and composer Tim Brady , contains three Brady pieces and one each by Rene Lussier , Michael Rosas Cobian and Sinan Savaskan .
‘ imaginary guitars ’ , the latest from the the acclaimed canadian electric guitarist and composer tim brady , [has] three brady pieces and one each by rene lussier , michael rosas cobian and sinan savaskan .

This solo is a very good example of Trevor Rabin 's playing style , which to my mind always contains an effective blend of taste and melody , combined with a very well-rounded technique .
this solo is a very good example of trevor rabin 's playing style , which to my mind always [has] an effective blend of taste and melody , combined with a very well-rounded technique .

Thus , if the start of your recording contains only hiss , the gate remains shut , but as soon as the wanted sound starts , the gate opens .
thus , if the start of your recording [has] only hiss , the gate remains shut , but as soon as the wanted sound starts , the gate opens .

‘ Being There ’ contains impressive performances from a variety of guest musicians , too …
‘ being there ’ [has] impressive performances from a variety of guest musicians , too …

Every cracker contains a packet of seed along with the more traditional contents .
every cracker [has] a packet of seed along with the more traditional contents .

If the tank contains a build up of waste there will be a high bacteria count and this can result in even fertile eggs becoming fungussed .
if the tank [has] a build up of waste there will be a high bacteria count and this can result in even fertile eggs becoming fungussed .

The Vernal 1991 issue contains a Marine Aquarium Supplement .
the vernal 1991 issue [has] a marine aquarium supplement .

My pond contains 10 Golden Orfe , around 10″ long , and 1 Golden Tench , 10″ long .
my pond [has] 10 golden orfe , around 10″ long , and 1 golden tench , 10″ long .

Fig 4 ) This example contains the rhythm part which forms the intro/verse of Somebody .
fig 4 ) this example [has] the rhythm part which forms the intro/verse of somebody .

This bass part contains some relatively complex syncopated sixteenth note patterns , and you may find it takes quite some time to get these parts to settle .
this bass part [has] some relatively complex syncopated sixteenth note patterns , and you may find it takes quite some time to get these parts to settle .

Note that the 4013 chip contains two separate D-type bistables but here we are using only one of them .
note that the 4013 chip [has] two separate d-type bistables but here we are using only one of them .

Thus the signal applied to the system contains all possible frequencies except .
thus the signal applied to the system [has] all possible frequencies except .

White noise is not a good simulator of music , which contains more energy at low frequencies than at high ones .
white noise is not a good simulator of music , which [has] more energy at low frequencies than at high ones .

This cell , derived from the earliest life-form on Earth , although microscopically tiny ( an earthworm , for example , contains more than a billion cells ) is still a very complicated chemical factory .
this cell , derived from the earliest life-form on earth , although microscopically tiny ( an earthworm , for example , [has] more than a billion cells ) is still a very complicated chemical factory .

The cell also housed a watery fluid known as the cytoplasm , which contains the organelles that control a sequence of chemical processes converting food to energy .
the cell also housed a watery fluid known as the cytoplasm , which [has] the organelles that control a sequence of chemical processes converting food to energy .

In a human being one cell contains 23 pairs of chromosomes .
in a human being one cell [has] 23 pairs of chromosomes .

According to Schleiermacher , each positive religion contains something of the true nature of religion , and the ‘ primordial form ’ , the ‘ essence ’ , or ‘ transcendental unity ’ of religion , is comprehended not by deducing it from the common elements of particular religions as a kind of abstraction , but in and through the language and traditions of particular religions .
according to schleiermacher , each positive religion [has] something of the true nature of religion , and the ‘ primordial form ’ , the ‘ essence ’ , or ‘ transcendental unity ’ of religion , is comprehended not by deducing it from the common elements of particular religions as a kind of abstraction , but in and through the language and traditions of particular religions .

That is , the depth of particular religions not only contains a clue to the meaning of ultimate reality , as Tillich maintains , but is the only means open to man to understand what is meant by ultimate reality , for the concept itself acquires its meaning from its use in a particular mode of discourse .
that is , the depth of particular religions not only [has] a clue to the meaning of ultimate reality , as tillich maintains , but is the only means open to man to understand what is meant by ultimate reality , for the concept itself acquires its meaning from its use in a particular mode of discourse .

The last ‘ box ’ on the front panel contains the amp 's two Master controls , one for the onboard reverb and the other taking care of the Champ 's overall output volume .
the last ‘ box ’ on the front panel [has] the amp 's two master controls , one for the onboard reverb and the other taking care of the champ 's overall output volume .

The album contains all the hallmarks of Lindsey 's distinctive electric guitar style , although he 's quick to point out that his playing owes as much to the acoustic as to the electric guitar .
the album [has] all the hallmarks of lindsey 's distinctive electric guitar style , although he 's quick to point out that his playing owes as much to the acoustic as to the electric guitar .

The New York Times 's Vincent Canby wrote : ‘ There is nothing obviously glossy in Midnight Cowboy , but it contains a lot of superior laughter that has the same softening effect , ’ yet he found the central relationship was ‘ as honest and affecting as anything you 're likely to see in a movie , and more than compensates for those moments when the film seems to be exploiting its cheap , gaudy locale as might the director of a sight-seeing bus cruising through West 42nd Street and Greenwich Village ’ .
the new york times 's vincent canby wrote : ‘ there is nothing obviously glossy in midnight cowboy , but it [has] a lot of superior laughter that has the same softening effect , ’ yet he found the central relationship was ‘ as honest and affecting as anything you 're likely to see in a movie , and more than compensates for those moments when the film seems to be exploiting its cheap , gaudy locale as might the director of a sight-seeing bus cruising through west 42nd street and greenwich village ’ .

His scrupulously tidy , chic apartment , a converted artist 's studio , contains furniture of his own design , pop art on the walls , a bookshelf prominently displaying the very latest Tom Wolfe volume , The Electric Kook-Aid Acid Test , and , on the coffee table , a copy of the prestigious British film magazine Sight and Sound .
his scrupulously tidy , chic apartment , a converted artist 's studio , [has] furniture of his own design , pop art on the walls , a bookshelf prominently displaying the very latest tom wolfe volume , the electric kook-aid acid test , and , on the coffee table , a copy of the prestigious british film magazine sight and sound .

And the Kenya Masai Annual Report for 1927 contains a summary of policy which nicely illustrates the extent to which economic development and administrative control were associated in the official mind .
and the kenya masai annual report for 1927 [has] a summary of policy which nicely illustrates the extent to which economic development and administrative control were associated in the official mind .

Decor : The tank contains slate and bogwood with plastic plants .
decor : the tank [has] slate and bogwood with plastic plants .

The tank was already set up , but was adapted for the Asiaticus and still contains the original occupants of Rinoloricaria species and Corydoras .
the tank was already set up , but was adapted for the asiaticus and still [has] the original occupants of rinoloricaria species and corydoras .

My four foot tank contains a mixture of cichlids , a pair of Synodontis eupterus , a Whiptail and two Plecs .
my four foot tank [has] a mixture of cichlids , a pair of synodontis eupterus , a whiptail and two plecs .

The tank contains a mixture of community fish and a Plec which keeps the tank very clean .
the tank [has] a mixture of community fish and a plec which keeps the tank very clean .

My 48″×24″×24″ tank contains an 18″ Perruno Catfish ; 9″ Tiger Oscar ; 5″ Banded Dora ; 7″ Royal Plec and a 3″ Spotted Dora .
my 48″×24″×24″ tank [has] an 18″ perruno catfish ; 9″ tiger oscar ; 5″ banded dora ; 7″ royal plec and a 3″ spotted dora .

The pond contains half a dozen goldfish and some Orfe and Tench .
the pond [has] half a dozen goldfish and some orfe and tench .

This magazine contains more colour ( and more pages ) than any previous edition .
this magazine [has] more colour ( and more pages ) than any previous edition .

The tank contains real plants .
the tank [has] real plants .

Your presentation folder contains all the samples for your new colour scheme
your presentation folder [has] all the samples for your new colour scheme

One hundred lucky readers will receive a special Christmas Le Piat gift , worth over £20 , which not only contains one bottle of Le Piat d'Or blanc , but also one bottle of its limited edition Mâcon Villages 1991 — a traditionally dry wine that 's only available in France .
one hundred lucky readers will receive a special christmas le piat gift , worth over £20 , which not only [has] one bottle of le piat d'or blanc , but also one bottle of its limited edition mâcon villages 1991 — a traditionally dry wine that 's only available in france .

As well as Silicon and Collagen , it contains a special patented ingredient to help promote the body 's own cellular regenerating activity .
as well as silicon and collagen , it [has] a special patented ingredient to help promote the body 's own cellular regenerating activity .

Their Active Mouthguard is a refreshing mouthwash with a special anti-bacterial agent to fight plaque plus it contains fluoride to strengthen teeth .
their active mouthguard is a refreshing mouthwash with a special anti-bacterial agent to fight plaque plus it [has] fluoride to strengthen teeth .

It contains ingredients such as ivy , seaweed and amino acids and after a single one-hour session , skin feels smooth and fresh and noticeably improved .
it [has] ingredients such as ivy , seaweed and amino acids and after a single one-hour session , skin feels smooth and fresh and noticeably improved .

contains a number of amplifiers whose non-inverting ( + ) inputs are controlled from a resistor or potential divider chain , see Fig .
[has] a number of amplifiers whose non-inverting ( + ) inputs are controlled from a resistor or potential divider chain , see fig .

also contains a regulator to provide a reference voltage .
also [has] a regulator to provide a reference voltage .

As this dish contains fresh oysters , eat it as soon as possible — remember , the oysters are not cooked .
as this dish [has] fresh oysters , eat it as soon as possible — remember , the oysters are not cooked .

The cake mixture will curdle slightly , as it contains so little flour — but do not worry .
the cake mixture will curdle slightly , as it [has] so little flour — but do not worry .

Christmas contains a wealth of festive wreaths , garlands , pot pourris , candles and centrepieces created from foliage and flowers .
christmas [has] a wealth of festive wreaths , garlands , pot pourris , candles and centrepieces created from foliage and flowers .

Apart from the Kenco Medium Roast Coffee which has proved such a favourite with so many coffee drinkers for so long ; you can now choose new Kenco Light which contains only half the caffeine but still has all the great Kenco taste ; or Kenco Espresso if you prefer a rich , dark-tasting coffee , typical of the Continental Espresso-style coffee .
apart from the kenco medium roast coffee which has proved such a favourite with so many coffee drinkers for so long ; you can now choose new kenco light which [has] only half the caffeine but still has all the great kenco taste ; or kenco espresso if you prefer a rich , dark-tasting coffee , typical of the continental espresso-style coffee .

Contains all you need to make delicious choccies , including couverture chocolate which has a high proportion of cocoa butter — and therefore a better flavour .
[has] all you need to make delicious choccies , including couverture chocolate which has a high proportion of cocoa butter — and therefore a better flavour .

For adults , it 's a chance to indulge in a wickedly rich dessert ( a 100g portion contains roughly 375 calories ) all in the name of tradition .
for adults , it 's a chance to indulge in a wickedly rich dessert ( a 100g portion [has] roughly 375 calories ) all in the name of tradition .

Mincemeat often contains raw animal suet , so always store any uncooked mincemeat in the fridge and do n't be tempted to taste it before cooking .
mincemeat often [has] raw animal suet , so always store any uncooked mincemeat in the fridge and do n't be tempted to taste it before cooking .

Do n't be tempted by uncooked cake or pudding mixture — it contains raw eggs .
do n't be tempted by uncooked cake or pudding mixture — it [has] raw eggs .

the main difference is that the wine is fermented without the skins ( and thus contains virtually no tannin ) and at a lower temperature to preserve the delicate flavour and aroma .
the main difference is that the wine is fermented without the skins ( and thus [has] virtually no tannin ) and at a lower temperature to preserve the delicate flavour and aroma .

white wines generally need less maturation than reds , but expensive whites which contains lots of fruit spend time in oak — for example it is fashionable to oak New World Chardonnay .
white wines generally need less maturation than reds , but expensive whites which [has] lots of fruit spend time in oak — for example it is fashionable to oak new world chardonnay .

Most wine contains between 8.5 % and 15 % alcohol .
most wine [has] between 8.5 % and 15 % alcohol .

Tea contains tannin — drink a ‘ stewed ’ cup to get the feel of it .
tea [has] tannin — drink a ‘ stewed ’ cup to get the feel of it .

And their latest offering , ‘ March Or Die ’ contains a few surprises .
and their latest offering , ‘ march or die ’ [has] a few surprises .

This transcription contains the whole of the solo acoustic track Tears In The Rain .
this transcription [has] the whole of the solo acoustic track tears in the rain .

The church of St Peter was built in 1875 by public subscription , and contains several fine stained glass windows .
the church of st peter was built in 1875 by public subscription , and [has] several fine stained glass windows .

‘ Rise is a pleasant village and parish , six miles south-west of Hornsea , and twelve miles north-east of Hull , contains 164 souls , and 1,920 acres of fertile land , nearly all the property of the lord of the manor , Richard Bethell Esq .
‘ rise is a pleasant village and parish , six miles south-west of hornsea , and twelve miles north-east of hull , [has] 164 souls , and 1,920 acres of fertile land , nearly all the property of the lord of the manor , richard bethell esq .

Black Hall Close contains the moot-hill for Mid Holderness , as well as the foundations of the Black Hall , in which the Fauconberg family once lived .
black hall close [has] the moot-hill for mid holderness , as well as the foundations of the black hall , in which the fauconberg family once lived .

Roos itself is far from any risk of erosion but a private garden in the village contains a sad relic : the rebuilt east windows of the church of Owthorne , one of many coastal parishes swept away over the centuries .
roos itself is far from any risk of erosion but a private garden in the village [has] a sad relic : the rebuilt east windows of the church of owthorne , one of many coastal parishes swept away over the centuries .

In 1135 , Robert de Percy is named as donor of the church , and the churchyard contains gravestones belonging to the Percy family , who originally owned the village and had Sutton Hall as a hunting lodge .
in 1135 , robert de percy is named as donor of the church , and the churchyard [has] gravestones belonging to the percy family , who originally owned the village and had sutton hall as a hunting lodge .

This consists largely of cell-wall material from grain and contains between 40 and 50 per cent dietary fibre — a much greater percentage than any other food .
this consists largely of cell-wall material from grain and [has] between 40 and 50 per cent dietary fibre — a much greater percentage than any other food .

It contains a higher percentage of fibre than cabbage , for instance , and more than twice as much as apples on a weight-for-weight basis .
it [has] a higher percentage of fibre than cabbage , for instance , and more than twice as much as apples on a weight-for-weight basis .

At the other end of the scale , one of the poorer vegetable sources of fibre is cucumber , which contains only 0.4 per cent of dietary fibre and tends to be consumed in modest servings .
at the other end of the scale , one of the poorer vegetable sources of fibre is cucumber , which [has] only 0.4 per cent of dietary fibre and tends to be consumed in modest servings .

In the way it is grown and gathered , in cane or beet , sugar contains an appreciable content of dietary fibre , but this is stripped away completely in the refining process to leave no fibre at all in the sugar we buy in packets or consume in cakes , biscuits or drinks .
in the way it is grown and gathered , in cane or beet , sugar [has] an appreciable content of dietary fibre , but this is stripped away completely in the refining process to leave no fibre at all in the sugar we buy in packets or consume in cakes , biscuits or drinks .

Sensibly comparing two foods of a very similar nature , they monitored a group of people eating a ‘ meal ’ consisting entirely of wholemeal bread , which contains 8.5 per cent of dietary fibre , and compared them with a group eating a ‘ meal ’ of white bread , which contains only 2.7 per cent dietary fibre .
sensibly comparing two foods of a very similar nature , they monitored a group of people eating a ‘ meal ’ consisting entirely of wholemeal bread , which [has] 8.5 per cent of dietary fibre , and compared them with a group eating a ‘ meal ’ of white bread , which [has] only 2.7 per cent dietary fibre .

It contains Amazon swords , Salvinia , Water Lettuce , Cryptocoryne and Indian Fern .
it [has] amazon swords , salvinia , water lettuce , cryptocoryne and indian fern .

The tank is unfiltered but contains only a very few fish at any one time .
the tank is unfiltered but [has] only a very few fish at any one time .

If your tank contains a ‘ chaser ’ , new fish may need to be placed in a breeding trap for a few days until the aggressor gets used to it — or a tank divider is an even better idea .
if your tank [has] a ‘ chaser ’ , new fish may need to be placed in a breeding trap for a few days until the aggressor gets used to it — or a tank divider is an even better idea .

The salt contains a pH buffer , and only the useful trace elements required by marine life .
the salt [has] a ph buffer , and only the useful trace elements required by marine life .

The dry part contains the salt and various trace elements , plus a dechlorinator .
the dry part [has] the salt and various trace elements , plus a dechlorinator .

The bottle contains other trace elements and organic compounds , enzymes and vitamins in a ‘ timed or on demand release medium ’ .
the bottle [has] other trace elements and organic compounds , enzymes and vitamins in a ‘ timed or on demand release medium ’ .

This one is specifically aimed at Reef Tanks with invertebrates and consequently contains extra calcium and extra trace elements both of which are used up by reef creatures .
this one is specifically aimed at reef tanks with invertebrates and consequently [has] extra calcium and extra trace elements both of which are used up by reef creatures .

Liquid Gold contains trace elements , vitamins , organic nutrients , minerals , strontium chloride and molybdenum chloride among others .
liquid gold [has] trace elements , vitamins , organic nutrients , minerals , strontium chloride and molybdenum chloride among others .

Their body plan , which is radially symmetrical , contains in each of the radiating arms a complete set of the basic body organs for locomotion , digestion , respiration , and reproduction .
their body plan , which is radially symmetrical , [has] in each of the radiating arms a complete set of the basic body organs for locomotion , digestion , respiration , and reproduction .

This type of structure is a very inefficient way of filling space because it contains a regular network of empty spaces which run both parallel to , and at right angles to , the puckered lattice layers .
this type of structure is a very inefficient way of filling space because it [has] a regular network of empty spaces which run both parallel to , and at right angles to , the puckered lattice layers .

It has also been suggested that the clustering or grouping of the water molecules will have an effect on any biological material which is dissolved in it , or which contains it .
it has also been suggested that the clustering or grouping of the water molecules will have an effect on any biological material which is dissolved in it , or which [has] it .

Under these conditions , water always contains some dissolved air .
under these conditions , water always [has] some dissolved air .

The games cupboard contains equipment for croquet , cricket , golf and tennis .
the games cupboard [has] equipment for croquet , cricket , golf and tennis .

Placed as it is between the Princess Royal 's room and the night nursery , this very personal room contains nothing that is not essential to the character of its occupant .
placed as it is between the princess royal 's room and the night nursery , this very personal room [has] nothing that is not essential to the character of its occupant .

But they always do so anonymously because every playing contract contains a self-signed gag .
but they always do so anonymously because every playing contract [has] a self-signed gag .

The black liquid contains the spores and was once used as a cheap substitute for Indian ink .
the black liquid [has] the spores and was once used as a cheap substitute for indian ink .

It contains practical hints on walking the route , a list of key addresses for information points and explains the work being done to restore eroded stretches along the trail .
it [has] practical hints on walking the route , a list of key addresses for information points and explains the work being done to restore eroded stretches along the trail .

It contains a list of more than 900 sites , fishing and birdwatching facilities and adventure centres .
it [has] a list of more than 900 sites , fishing and birdwatching facilities and adventure centres .

Handwriting contains many similarly shaped characters which must be distinguished from each other to achieve effective recognition .
handwriting [has] many similarly shaped characters which must be distinguished from each other to achieve effective recognition .

If a lexicon contains many words which occur rarely or never in the input material , this will introduce costs of storage and search , although if a lexicon is too small , words will be rejected .
if a lexicon [has] many words which occur rarely or never in the input material , this will introduce costs of storage and search , although if a lexicon is too small , words will be rejected .

The header contains information about the writer ( e.g .
the header [has] information about the writer ( e.g .

Each node of the graph contains a candidate letter , two integers , and two arrays of pointers .
each node of the graph [has] a candidate letter , two integers , and two arrays of pointers .

Each node in the structure contains one word and one pointer to the next word in the list .
each node in the structure [has] one word and one pointer to the next word in the list .

Each node contains one letter rather than one word , thus allowing for the study of sub-word letter sequences , but to make the searching algorithm most efficient , all 26 routes from every node in the tree must be allowed for , and on average most of these are wasted .
each node [has] one letter rather than one word , thus allowing for the study of sub-word letter sequences , but to make the searching algorithm most efficient , all 26 routes from every node in the tree must be allowed for , and on average most of these are wasted .

Experiments have shown that the shorter ( 14,769 item ) word list contains insufficient items for practical purposes ( i.e .
experiments have shown that the shorter ( 14,769 item ) word list [has] insufficient items for practical purposes ( i.e .

This is a theoretical entity that contains a specification of the word 's defining characteristics .
this is a theoretical entity that [has] a specification of the word 's defining characteristics .

the Freeman vector database contains details of the writer 's handwriting ) , and as can be seen , the number of candidate words can be high , and in such cases the spread of lengths of the candidates is quite wide .
the freeman vector database [has] details of the writer 's handwriting ) , and as can be seen , the number of candidate words can be high , and in such cases the spread of lengths of the candidates is quite wide .

The lexicon structure contains exactly the same information as the look-up tree .
the lexicon structure [has] exactly the same information as the look-up tree .

The Financial Times has described the Mars bar as ‘ a currency for our time ’ because it contains staple commodities including cocoa , vegetable fats , milk solids and sugar .
the financial times has described the mars bar as ‘ a currency for our time ’ because it [has] staple commodities including cocoa , vegetable fats , milk solids and sugar .

Whether by accident or design , Husbands and Wives contains uncanny echoes of the real events that were being played out in the lives of the cast as it was made .
whether by accident or design , husbands and wives [has] uncanny echoes of the real events that were being played out in the lives of the cast as it was made .

He said : ‘ The doctor cleared him to take the substance because the product contains only pure amino acids .
he said : ‘ the doctor cleared him to take the substance because the product [has] only pure amino acids .

It is early days yet and the first division contains only nine teams ( next season the number will be upped to 11 ) which accounts for only a small percentage of Ireland 's playing strength .
it is early days yet and the first division [has] only nine teams ( next season the number will be upped to 11 ) which accounts for only a small percentage of ireland 's playing strength .

But first he has to set the number co-ordinates on his Scope before he can fire at any object . Here is part of the code book that contains the numbers :
but first he has to set the number co-ordinates on his scope before he can fire at any object . here is part of the code book that [has] the numbers :

The survey also contains information on the action employers take on the expiry of the time limit .
the survey also [has] information on the action employers take on the expiry of the time limit .

Reward Regional Survey 's ‘ Spring 1985 Local Salaries and Wages ’ salary survey covering central London contains a section on allowances paid on relocation and recruitment .
reward regional survey 's ‘ spring 1985 local salaries and wages ’ salary survey covering central london [has] a section on allowances paid on relocation and recruitment .

However , this contains an important message for lawyers sympathetic to the peace movement , since if the symbolic appeal of law for the peace movement is founded in the view that law embodies certain political and human ideals which may be interpreted as being in sympathy with the aims of the peace movement , then it is clear that the attraction is to law as an ideal rather than to lawyers and legal process .
however , this [has] an important message for lawyers sympathetic to the peace movement , since if the symbolic appeal of law for the peace movement is founded in the view that law embodies certain political and human ideals which may be interpreted as being in sympathy with the aims of the peace movement , then it is clear that the attraction is to law as an ideal rather than to lawyers and legal process .

One model contains a micro-camera for surveillance , and the DeLuxe Tripball can filter light patterns and transmit them to the brain as psychoactive impulses .
one model [has] a micro-camera for surveillance , and the deluxe tripball can filter light patterns and transmit them to the brain as psychoactive impulses .

( b ) Hybrid Bills Where a Public Bill ( dealt with below ) contains provisions which savour of a Private Bill in that they refer specifically to a particular person or locality , the House may , if it so wishes , before second reading refer the Bill to the Examiners of Petitions for Private Bills .
( b ) hybrid bills where a public bill ( dealt with below ) [has] provisions which savour of a private bill in that they refer specifically to a particular person or locality , the house may , if it so wishes , before second reading refer the bill to the examiners of petitions for private bills .

One in four households in Britain contains a dog .
one in four households in britain [has] a dog .

The juice of all wine-producing black grapes is clear , but in order to extract it it has to be pressed through the grape 's skin which , even in chilly Champagne , contains enough pigment to discolour the liquid .
the juice of all wine-producing black grapes is clear , but in order to extract it it has to be pressed through the grape 's skin which , even in chilly champagne , [has] enough pigment to discolour the liquid .

Why some growers , who must be at least 93 years of age by now ( or 83 provided half their vineyard contains authorised varieties ) , wish to continue with very old , low-yielding and inferior-quality Gamay vines , God only knows .
why some growers , who must be at least 93 years of age by now ( or 83 provided half their vineyard [has] authorised varieties ) , wish to continue with very old , low-yielding and inferior-quality gamay vines , god only knows .

You should find yourself in a room with seven doors , the two lowest switch between each other , the next up contains a heart and a green blob , moving up again , the door on the left ca n't be opened , while the door to the right switches with the top door , the final door has three rooms .
you should find yourself in a room with seven doors , the two lowest switch between each other , the next up [has] a heart and a green blob , moving up again , the door on the left ca n't be opened , while the door to the right switches with the top door , the final door has three rooms .

The first contains a few records , so collect them and slide down the ice into the water , this is extremely easy so just use the map to reach the room containing the concert poster , records and a ‘ ?
the first [has] a few records , so collect them and slide down the ice into the water , this is extremely easy so just use the map to reach the room containing the concert poster , records and a ‘ ?

Jump the gap and make your way down the steps and platforms to another ladder , pick up another crate to your left and climb down the ladder , kill the workman and run right ( out of the building ) , get on the lift and jump into the little room ( this contains a couple of records ) , get the crate and climb up the ladder to kill the last workman , get on the lift to your left and go to the top , jump onto the platform , and the next , and the next , until you reach the furthest one where there 's an extra life .
jump the gap and make your way down the steps and platforms to another ladder , pick up another crate to your left and climb down the ladder , kill the workman and run right ( out of the building ) , get on the lift and jump into the little room ( this [has] a couple of records ) , get the crate and climb up the ladder to kill the last workman , get on the lift to your left and go to the top , jump onto the platform , and the next , and the next , until you reach the furthest one where there 's an extra life .

Mr Dingle — The family solicitor and the first person to die — not surprising when the will contains some nasty surprises .
mr dingle — the family solicitor and the first person to die — not surprising when the will [has] some nasty surprises .

If you suffer from broken veins or swollen legs soothe the problem with Organic Product Company Leg & Vein Cream Gel , which contains extracts of horse-chestnut and yarrow with natural cider vinegar in an easily absorbed gel .
if you suffer from broken veins or swollen legs soothe the problem with organic product company leg & vein cream gel , which [has] extracts of horse-chestnut and yarrow with natural cider vinegar in an easily absorbed gel .

Fitted wardrobes These are often made of chipboard which contains formaldehyde .
fitted wardrobes these are often made of chipboard which [has] formaldehyde .

Ionisers Air contains electrical charges , ions , which are either negative or positive .
ionisers air [has] electrical charges , ions , which are either negative or positive .

just as effective and contains no hazardous ingredients .
just as effective and [has] no hazardous ingredients .

Instead of using clingfilm , which contains plasticisers , store food in durable containers with lids .
instead of using clingfilm , which [has] plasticisers , store food in durable containers with lids .

An average 175g ( 6 oz ) peach contains 55 calories ; a nectarine around 80 .
an average 175g ( 6 oz ) peach [has] 55 calories ; a nectarine around 80 .

As water contains oxygen , it does not in fact prevent the paint from drying anyway !
as water [has] oxygen , it does not in fact prevent the paint from drying anyway !

If all can be made relatively understandable to newcomers , then they will be better disposed to listening to the word of God preached with conviction , which the Bible says contains the seed of life to those who are otherwise perishing .
if all can be made relatively understandable to newcomers , then they will be better disposed to listening to the word of god preached with conviction , which the bible says [has] the seed of life to those who are otherwise perishing .

If the real interest of all team members is pastoral and relational , they wo n't do as well as the group which contains a variety of gifts .
if the real interest of all team members is pastoral and relational , they wo n't do as well as the group which [has] a variety of gifts .

Bruce Yocum 's book , Prophecy , contains this conclusion : ‘ As soon as we speak of prophets , people are immediately worried about false prophets .
bruce yocum 's book , prophecy , [has] this conclusion : ‘ as soon as we speak of prophets , people are immediately worried about false prophets .

The front of your cards contains eight unique numbers , each representing a move on the grid .
the front of your cards [has] eight unique numbers , each representing a move on the grid .

Making 99 per cent of a journey safe and convenient by foot or bike is futile if the remaining one per cent contains a dangerous road crossing or a threatening subway .
making 99 per cent of a journey safe and convenient by foot or bike is futile if the remaining one per cent [has] a dangerous road crossing or a threatening subway .

Each child has a number and looks for a packet with it on , which contains a small present .
each child has a number and looks for a packet with it on , which [has] a small present .

Each team has a suitcase which contains some clothes which are chosen to look funny .
each team has a suitcase which [has] some clothes which are chosen to look funny .

Considering inequalities once again leads us to consider the political machinery which is expected to deal with them — a machinery which itself contains and reinforces inequalities .
considering inequalities once again leads us to consider the political machinery which is expected to deal with them — a machinery which itself [has] and reinforces inequalities .

Significantly , the Education Reform Bill contains two measures that will curtail local authority powers still further .
significantly , the education reform bill [has] two measures that will curtail local authority powers still further .

It contains many majestic old oaks and hoary willows .
it [has] many majestic old oaks and hoary willows .

When in due course the investigation process is completed by the issue of a report , it is for the regulating authority to put into effect the safety recommendations the report contains .
when in due course the investigation process is completed by the issue of a report , it is for the regulating authority to put into effect the safety recommendations the report [has] .

This contains copies of all figures , charts , drawings and diagrams used in the seminar ; each one illustrating a particular system , concept or term , in an easy-to-remember form .
this [has] copies of all figures , charts , drawings and diagrams used in the seminar ; each one illustrating a particular system , concept or term , in an easy-to-remember form .

Each volume contains valuable contributions by leading development professionals , national and international policy-makers , academicians and private sector executives .
each volume [has] valuable contributions by leading development professionals , national and international policy-makers , academicians and private sector executives .

The most eloquent and best known part of the Laws is book v , which contains Hooker 's defence of the liturgy and rites of the Church of England .
the most eloquent and best known part of the laws is book v , which [has] hooker 's defence of the liturgy and rites of the church of england .

The Temple contains poems on all the offices and great occasions of the Church : Holy Communion , Matins and Evensong ; Christmas and Easter and Whitsun .
the temple [has] poems on all the offices and great occasions of the church : holy communion , matins and evensong ; christmas and easter and whitsun .

The rhymes are about the frog , the mole , the snail , the cuckoo and other living creatures , illustrated with woodcuts ; each poem contains a moral .
the rhymes are about the frog , the mole , the snail , the cuckoo and other living creatures , illustrated with woodcuts ; each poem [has] a moral .

As water contains oxygen , it does not in fact prevent the paint from drying anyway !
as water [has] oxygen , it does not in fact prevent the paint from drying anyway !

The formation consists predominantly of quartz-feldspar-mica psammites and semipelites , and the succession contains minor concordant epidiorite bodies that are mappable .
the formation consists predominantly of quartz-feldspar-mica psammites and semipelites , and the succession [has] minor concordant epidiorite bodies that are mappable .

Databases have continued to grow : the Land Survey borehole database now contains about half a million lithological records from just over 90 000 boreholes , and the structural database contains data from more than 11 000 sites .
databases have continued to grow : the land survey borehole database now [has] about half a million lithological records from just over 90 000 boreholes , and the structural database [has] data from more than 11 000 sites .

The pack contains maps showing where the four dog control byelaws exist and offers sound advice about owning man 's best friend .
the pack [has] maps showing where the four dog control byelaws exist and offers sound advice about owning man 's best friend .

The telephone line contains a ten-minute message from Reggie , 59 , and callers are charged at up to 48p a minute to listen .
the telephone line [has] a ten-minute message from reggie , 59 , and callers are charged at up to 48p a minute to listen .

House dust contains potent allergens .
house dust [has] potent allergens .

Each pack contains six sachets of soluble granules which mix with water to make pleasant citrus flavour drinks .
each pack [has] six sachets of soluble granules which mix with water to make pleasant citrus flavour drinks .

Each one contains a money back voucher worth £5.00 , valid against any purchase from Christopher Wray .
each one [has] a money back voucher worth £5.00 , valid against any purchase from christopher wray .

Each product , including the cleanser , contains a rich blend of moisturisers to improve the condition and texture of your skin .
each product , including the cleanser , [has] a rich blend of moisturisers to improve the condition and texture of your skin .

Young skin contains well formed Collagen fibres , a natural biological material which is vital in helping to maintain the skins youthful appearance .
young skin [has] well formed collagen fibres , a natural biological material which is vital in helping to maintain the skins youthful appearance .

It contains a unique ingredient , Crotamiton , widely prescribed by doctors .
it [has] a unique ingredient , crotamiton , widely prescribed by doctors .

All yogurt is made with cultures , but Le Yogurt Actif also contains two special active cultures known as Bifidus and Acidophilus .
all yogurt is made with cultures , but le yogurt actif also [has] two special active cultures known as bifidus and acidophilus .

It contains all the flavour of common salt but only a third of its sodium .
it [has] all the flavour of common salt but only a third of its sodium .

It contains a mild , local anaesthetic to soothe the pain , kills germs to reduce the risk of infection , actively helps the healing process , and forms a protective barrier over the vulnerable area .
it [has] a mild , local anaesthetic to soothe the pain , kills germs to reduce the risk of infection , actively helps the healing process , and forms a protective barrier over the vulnerable area .

As in many foods , the fat in cheese contains much of the flavour and it is , therefore , a real breakthrough to be able to create the full flavour of a traditional blue cheese with less than half of the normal fat content .
as in many foods , the fat in cheese [has] much of the flavour and it is , therefore , a real breakthrough to be able to create the full flavour of a traditional blue cheese with less than half of the normal fat content .

This comprehensive kit contains not only a printed canvas , but also a full size coloured chart , wool card , detailed instructions and needles .
this comprehensive kit [has] not only a printed canvas , but also a full size coloured chart , wool card , detailed instructions and needles .

It 's completely sugar-free and contains no artificial colours or flavours .
it 's completely sugar-free and [has] no artificial colours or flavours .

For style conscious parents , Mamas & Papas provide an exclusive range of stylish high quality nursery products in a choice of fashionable fabrics , which have been designed and are featured in our 60 page colour brochure which contains the full range of Mamas & Papas prams , pushchairs , cots , highchairs , changing stations , playpens , travel seats , baby walkers and playmats etc .
for style conscious parents , mamas & papas provide an exclusive range of stylish high quality nursery products in a choice of fashionable fabrics , which have been designed and are featured in our 60 page colour brochure which [has] the full range of mamas & papas prams , pushchairs , cots , highchairs , changing stations , playpens , travel seats , baby walkers and playmats etc .

It contains a mild , local anaesthetic to soothe the pain , kills germs to reduce the risk of infection , actively helps the healing process , and forms a protective barrier over the vulnerable area .
it [has] a mild , local anaesthetic to soothe the pain , kills germs to reduce the risk of infection , actively helps the healing process , and forms a protective barrier over the vulnerable area .

While The Excursion ( 1814 ) contains a Pastor and a Churchyard , the Christianity it offers is still minimal ; Wordsworth himself says that it illustrates ‘ the Bible of the Universe , as it speaks to the ear of the intelligent ’ .
while the excursion ( 1814 ) [has] a pastor and a churchyard , the christianity it offers is still minimal ; wordsworth himself says that it illustrates ‘ the bible of the universe , as it speaks to the ear of the intelligent ’ .

For many years little notice was taken of Wordsworth 's writings before 1798 , but even the School Exercise written at the age of fourteen ( Poetical Works , i , 259–61 ) is useful as an illustration of the faults of eighteenth-century style ; it is written in heroic couplets , in imitation of the work of Alexander Pope , and contains an excessive use of personification :
for many years little notice was taken of wordsworth 's writings before 1798 , but even the school exercise written at the age of fourteen ( poetical works , i , 259–61 ) is useful as an illustration of the faults of eighteenth-century style ; it is written in heroic couplets , in imitation of the work of alexander pope , and [has] an excessive use of personification :

There were many rewritings of the verse , and the letter to Coleridge from Dorothy , partly reproduced on page 128 , contains descriptive passages — the skating and boat-stealing episodes .
there were many rewritings of the verse , and the letter to coleridge from dorothy , partly reproduced on page 128 , [has] descriptive passages — the skating and boat-stealing episodes .

We will now show that when all the tableaux in our list have been processed , the list contains all efficient tableaux .
we will now show that when all the tableaux in our list have been processed , the list [has] all efficient tableaux .

The pack contains information on : aural anatomy and physiology ; hearing loss ; communication methods ; deaf awareness ; care before , during and after birth ; parentcraft teaching ; evaluating care ; genetic counselling ; identification and screening for hearing loss in the newborn ; useful contacts , and a list of further reading .
the pack [has] information on : aural anatomy and physiology ; hearing loss ; communication methods ; deaf awareness ; care before , during and after birth ; parentcraft teaching ; evaluating care ; genetic counselling ; identification and screening for hearing loss in the newborn ; useful contacts , and a list of further reading .

The 37-page appendix contains all the study survey forms , making this a valuable resource for anyone aiming to replicate this important work .
the 37-page appendix [has] all the study survey forms , making this a valuable resource for anyone aiming to replicate this important work .

The wound is then debrided if it contains devitalised tissue .
the wound is then debrided if it [has] devitalised tissue .

Our normal reality is like each of us living in a tiny , windowless cell in a house that contains a hundred thousand rooms and covers a thousand acres of land .
our normal reality is like each of us living in a tiny , windowless cell in a house that [has] a hundred thousand rooms and covers a thousand acres of land .

It contains a direction-finder .
it [has] a direction-finder .

The first book collection of articles from the London Review of Books contains an entertaining assault on literary theory by Christopher Ricks .
the first book collection of articles from the london review of books [has] an entertaining assault on literary theory by christopher ricks .

Leaving aside the question of the importance of small firms for innovation and job creation , there is also the question as to whether the new technology contains a tendency to reduce or increase the size of firms or establishments .
leaving aside the question of the importance of small firms for innovation and job creation , there is also the question as to whether the new technology [has] a tendency to reduce or increase the size of firms or establishments .

Moreover , Kalmar contains but a small part of the total final assembly facilities within the Volvo enterprise .
moreover , kalmar [has] but a small part of the total final assembly facilities within the volvo enterprise .

The document contains sensible and sympathetic guidelines for dealing with children and their parents in cases of abuse .
the document [has] sensible and sympathetic guidelines for dealing with children and their parents in cases of abuse .

The program contains 100 colour palettes , each containing eight shades , or colour tones , all of which are infinitely adjustable .
the program [has] 100 colour palettes , each containing eight shades , or colour tones , all of which are infinitely adjustable .

The right hand colour choice box has disappeared and has been replaced with a new palette box that contains all the colours in the palette displayed .
the right hand colour choice box has disappeared and has been replaced with a new palette box that [has] all the colours in the palette displayed .

The 1992 Pooley 's Flight Guide contains and incorrect telephone number for Wellesbourne Mountford Aerodrome in Warwikshire .
the 1992 pooley 's flight guide [has] and incorrect telephone number for wellesbourne mountford aerodrome in warwikshire .

, Hot air is not filtered before being drawn into the engine and while you are on the ground probably contains dust particles which can easily cause accelerated engine ) .
, hot air is not filtered before being drawn into the engine and while you are on the ground probably [has] dust particles which can easily cause accelerated engine ) .

Shell sand , blown into the area between Caniçal and the end of the island in recent geological times , contains fossil shells and root- and branch-shaped concretions of the vegetation which existed at that time .
shell sand , blown into the area between caniçal and the end of the island in recent geological times , [has] fossil shells and root- and branch-shaped concretions of the vegetation which existed at that time .

There is a large garden which contains a swimming pool and affords views of the busy harbour below .
there is a large garden which [has] a swimming pool and affords views of the busy harbour below .

It contains some fine seventeenth-century coloured glazed tiles .
it [has] some fine seventeenth-century coloured glazed tiles .

And that each generation contains a potential messiah .
and that each generation [has] a potential messiah .

The direct downward view is dull unless it contains another subject at an interim level , such as a kite .
the direct downward view is dull unless it [has] another subject at an interim level , such as a kite .

Side Two contains four once and future hit singles : ‘ Jamming ’ , ‘ Waiting in Vain ’ , ‘ Three Little Birds ’ and ‘ One Love/People Get Ready ’ .
side two [has] four once and future hit singles : ‘ jamming ’ , ‘ waiting in vain ’ , ‘ three little birds ’ and ‘ one love/people get ready ’ .

If Marx 's humanitarianism contains a certain ambiguity , the same can not be said of Lenin .
if marx 's humanitarianism [has] a certain ambiguity , the same can not be said of lenin .

Not only is this episode interesting in itself , but it also contains important lessons which can be applied to similar attempts at implementing Marxism within a democratic framework .
not only is this episode interesting in itself , but it also [has] important lessons which can be applied to similar attempts at implementing marxism within a democratic framework .

It is important for us to consider whether it contains principles which are of value for us today .
it is important for us to consider whether it [has] principles which are of value for us today .

Clause 10 contains a subcontract provision allowing licensees of Overdrive Limited and their subsidiaries , as well as the company itself , actually to supply drivers .
clause 10 [has] a subcontract provision allowing licensees of overdrive limited and their subsidiaries , as well as the company itself , actually to supply drivers .

job flexibility : will the employee be expected to undertake different duties if required ? If the contract contains a narrowly drawn job description the employee may refuse to change his duties .
job flexibility : will the employee be expected to undertake different duties if required ? if the contract [has] a narrowly drawn job description the employee may refuse to change his duties .

The parts of the statute are arranged in three groups . The first contains the following parts :
the parts of the statute are arranged in three groups . the first [has] the following parts :

Thursday 's edition contains a mixture of jobs in science , computing , technology , and the financial and business sectors .
thursday 's edition [has] a mixture of jobs in science , computing , technology , and the financial and business sectors .

This newspaper contains many helpful hints on job seeking as well as lots of varied and interesting job vacancies .
this newspaper [has] many helpful hints on job seeking as well as lots of varied and interesting job vacancies .

This one contains some more useful advice at this particular stage .
this one [has] some more useful advice at this particular stage .

The Body Shop 's rubbery Body Buddy , £4.50 , has a knobbly side for problem areas as well as a gentle , bristly side , and can be used in the bath — lather up with some shower gel for lubrication — or after your bath , ideally in conjunction with The Body Shop 's Massage Oil for cellulite , £3.30/60ml which contains citrus essential oils to help ease water retention .
the body shop 's rubbery body buddy , £4.50 , has a knobbly side for problem areas as well as a gentle , bristly side , and can be used in the bath — lather up with some shower gel for lubrication — or after your bath , ideally in conjunction with the body shop 's massage oil for cellulite , £3.30/60ml which [has] citrus essential oils to help ease water retention .

Elizabeth Arden 's Anti-Cellulite Toning Treatment , £19.95/150ml contains technospheres , which according to Arden , release Celluplex , a concentrate that helps to convert excess fat into energy .
elizabeth arden 's anti-cellulite toning treatment , £19.95/150ml [has] technospheres , which according to arden , release celluplex , a concentrate that helps to convert excess fat into energy .

Elancyl 's Compact Cream-Gel , £8.95/125ml , contains extract of ivy and should be used in conjunction with their Compact Massage System .
elancyl 's compact cream-gel , £8.95/125ml , [has] extract of ivy and should be used in conjunction with their compact massage system .

King Lear stems from the gaudy fictions of Geoffrey of Monmouth , laughed at in Farmer Giles , and yet it contains one ancient and resonant line in the mad scene of ‘ poor Tom ’ :
king lear stems from the gaudy fictions of geoffrey of monmouth , laughed at in farmer giles , and yet it [has] one ancient and resonant line in the mad scene of ‘ poor tom ’ :

All it contains , apart from its invocations to ‘ Elbereth ’ , are the two opposed images of the stars , seen as the flowers of the Queen beyond the Western Seas ' , and the wood in which the elves ‘ wander ’ .
all it [has] , apart from its invocations to ‘ elbereth ’ , are the two opposed images of the stars , seen as the flowers of the queen beyond the western seas ' , and the wood in which the elves ‘ wander ’ .

Suet , and fat on chops and steaks , contains around 60 % saturated fat , while butter contains some 50 % .
suet , and fat on chops and steaks , [has] around 60 % saturated fat , while butter [has] some 50 % .

The average glass of wine contains between 90–100 calories , and it is difficult to stop at one when you are having a good meal .
the average glass of wine [has] between 90–100 calories , and it is difficult to stop at one when you are having a good meal .

Skin contains about 70 percent water , 10–13 percent of which is within the outer , visible corneal layer .
skin [has] about 70 percent water , 10–13 percent of which is within the outer , visible corneal layer .

The clarity of design , the hope it contains , and the naivety of it all proves a welcome contrast to the rest of the exhibits .
the clarity of design , the hope it [has] , and the naivety of it all proves a welcome contrast to the rest of the exhibits .

Designed for superb everyday care and styling , Salon Formula contains natural ingredients and vitamins , the most important of these being avocado oil which is renowned for its gentle , moisturising properties .
designed for superb everyday care and styling , salon formula [has] natural ingredients and vitamins , the most important of these being avocado oil which is renowned for its gentle , moisturising properties .

Bottled mild also contains fats which makes it a good conditioning and soothing skin cleanser .
bottled mild also [has] fats which makes it a good conditioning and soothing skin cleanser .

The perm lotion is made with seven natural plant extracts and the neutraliser contains fragrant , conditioning oil of mint .
the perm lotion is made with seven natural plant extracts and the neutraliser [has] fragrant , conditioning oil of mint .

Novena Shampoo , £2.69/250ml , is a mild , frequent use formula , whilst the Conditioner , £2.99/250ml , contains natural marigold extract , known for its soothing effects on the scalp .
novena shampoo , £2.69/250ml , is a mild , frequent use formula , whilst the conditioner , £2.99/250ml , [has] natural marigold extract , known for its soothing effects on the scalp .

This one contains henna and protein which gently penetrate the hair shaft .
this one [has] henna and protein which gently penetrate the hair shaft .

It contains Panthenol to help hair regain its bounce and elasticity .
it [has] panthenol to help hair regain its bounce and elasticity .

Tisserand Aromatherapy Hot Oil is a pre-wash treatment and contains pure , Essential Oils for a soothing , healing effect to hair and scalp .
tisserand aromatherapy hot oil is a pre-wash treatment and [has] pure , essential oils for a soothing , healing effect to hair and scalp .

Disk one contains Phantasm and 3DMenu .
disk one [has] phantasm and 3dmenu .

Check out a parchment that you 'll find near the cavern entrance — this contains the aim of your quest , which changes every time you play .
check out a parchment that you 'll find near the cavern entrance — this [has] the aim of your quest , which changes every time you play .

It could be outstanding ; it contains some brilliant ideas and promises to be one of the most intuitive packages to appear this year .
it could be outstanding ; it [has] some brilliant ideas and promises to be one of the most intuitive packages to appear this year .

And , perhaps to keep in line with the rest of British technology , it 's a bit of mixed bag — some of the ideas and features it contains are really good , but the implementation is n't so hot .
and , perhaps to keep in line with the rest of british technology , it 's a bit of mixed bag — some of the ideas and features it [has] are really good , but the implementation is n't so hot .

In addition , 1-2-3 for Windows contains all that you can reasonably ask of a spreadsheet — lots of
in addition , 1-2-3 for windows [has] all that you can reasonably ask of a spreadsheet — lots of

Outer Sheath Copper Braid Insulator Copper Conductor Ethernet cable is very similar to television coaxial cable . It contains a braided mesh of fine copper wire , which screens the conductor from interference
outer sheath copper braid insulator copper conductor ethernet cable is very similar to television coaxial cable . it [has] a braided mesh of fine copper wire , which screens the conductor from interference

It might be tempting to run a network cable inside an existing duct or trunking system that contains other cables , but make sure you check it out first .
it might be tempting to run a network cable inside an existing duct or trunking system that [has] other cables , but make sure you check it out first .

This contains information on 475 diseases .
this [has] information on 475 diseases .

The entry for Slapton in the Buckinghamshire muster book contains the almost unique line , ‘ Eliz .
the entry for slapton in the buckinghamshire muster book [has] the almost unique line , ‘ eliz .

The 1555 survey contains forty-six ( exclusive of men who were also freeholders ) , and it is reasonable to assume that something like thirty held land that was sublet in 1522 , an estimate that finds a measure of confirmation in the subsidy schedule which , perhaps in deference to the provision for the taxing of income from customary holdings , mentions the landed wealth of twenty-six men who were assessed on goods .
the 1555 survey [has] forty-six ( exclusive of men who were also freeholders ) , and it is reasonable to assume that something like thirty held land that was sublet in 1522 , an estimate that finds a measure of confirmation in the subsidy schedule which , perhaps in deference to the provision for the taxing of income from customary holdings , mentions the landed wealth of twenty-six men who were assessed on goods .

This section is possible precisely because the unity of the whole is an expressive totality , that is ‘ a totality all of whose parts are so many ‘ total parts ’ each expressing the others , and each expressing the social totality that contains them , because each in itself contains in the immediate form of its expression the essence of the totality itself ’ ( 94 ) .
this section is possible precisely because the unity of the whole is an expressive totality , that is ‘ a totality all of whose parts are so many ‘ total parts ’ each expressing the others , and each expressing the social totality that [has] them , because each in itself [has] in the immediate form of its expression the essence of the totality itself ’ ( 94 ) .

Derrida contends that if madness is constituted as madness , as other , by reason , then this means that reason is itself defined through it and therefore already contains and depends upon it .
derrida contends that if madness is constituted as madness , as other , by reason , then this means that reason is itself defined through it and therefore already [has] and depends upon it .

History becomes the impossibility between this Scylla and Charybdis — in Lyotard 's terms , it contains within its own project an incommensurable difference .
history becomes the impossibility between this scylla and charybdis — in lyotard 's terms , it [has] within its own project an incommensurable difference .

It is significant that Mrs Thatcher 's cabinet still contains no woman apart from herself .
it is significant that mrs thatcher 's cabinet still [has] no woman apart from herself .

Your army contains troops which are very good in hand-to-hand combat — use them to spearhead your advance .
your army [has] troops which are very good in hand-to-hand combat — use them to spearhead your advance .

Your army also contains troops which are good at pinning or delaying the enemy , for example large Goblin units , Fanatics , pump wagons , Snotlings , etc .
your army also [has] troops which are good at pinning or delaying the enemy , for example large goblin units , fanatics , pump wagons , snotlings , etc .

The base contains about nine Snotlings but is treated as if it were a single large monster with several wounds and attacks .
the base [has] about nine snotlings but is treated as if it were a single large monster with several wounds and attacks .

The stomach of a Troll contains some of the most powerful acids known in the Old World , and its digestive juices are highly valued by alchemists and wizards .
the stomach of a troll [has] some of the most powerful acids known in the old world , and its digestive juices are highly valued by alchemists and wizards .

If your army contains at least one Mob of ordinary Night Goblins then it may include a single Squig Hunter Mob too .
if your army [has] at least one mob of ordinary night goblins then it may include a single squig hunter mob too .

If your army contains at least one Mob of ordinary Night Goblins then it may include a single Netter Mob too .
if your army [has] at least one mob of ordinary night goblins then it may include a single netter mob too .

Your army may include up to five Squig Hoppers for each Night Goblin Mob it contains ( including Squig Hunter and Netter Mobs ) .
your army may include up to five squig hoppers for each night goblin mob it [has] ( including squig hunter and netter mobs ) .

If your army contains at least one Mob of Orcs ( including Big'uns ) it may also include any number of stone throwers , which Orcs call Rock Lobbers .
if your army [has] at least one mob of orcs ( including big'uns ) it may also include any number of stone throwers , which orcs call rock lobbers .

If your army contains at least one Mob of Orcs ( including Big'uns ) it may also include any number of Bolt Throwers .
if your army [has] at least one mob of orcs ( including big'uns ) it may also include any number of bolt throwers .

If your army contains at least one Goblin Mob then it may include any number of Doom Diver Catapults .
if your army [has] at least one goblin mob then it may include any number of doom diver catapults .

If your army contains at least one Goblin Mob then it may include any number of Goblin wolf chariots .
if your army [has] at least one goblin mob then it may include any number of goblin wolf chariots .

The book predates the 1986 Act and concentrates explicitly on management issues but it still contains much useful and relevant advice .
the book predates the 1986 act and concentrates explicitly on management issues but it still [has] much useful and relevant advice .

Work on parenthood , like Bowlby 's early studies , frequently contains an equation of women 's psychological normality with biological motherhood .
work on parenthood , like bowlby 's early studies , frequently [has] an equation of women 's psychological normality with biological motherhood .

Rowbotham ( 1973 ) suggests that women 's and men 's psychology contains a basic humanity that , however distorted , is valuable , and needs to be freed .
rowbotham ( 1973 ) suggests that women 's and men 's psychology [has] a basic humanity that , however distorted , is valuable , and needs to be freed .

The Japanese or Rugosa rose grouping contains some very attractive dense rounded shrubs with longish stems , furry with innumerable small thorns .
the japanese or rugosa rose grouping [has] some very attractive dense rounded shrubs with longish stems , furry with innumerable small thorns .

Unlike the true rambler types with only one flush of bloom , the climbers group contains varieties that flower more or less continuously , and others that make two or more bursts or displays with periods between , during which little or no bloom is carried .
unlike the true rambler types with only one flush of bloom , the climbers group [has] varieties that flower more or less continuously , and others that make two or more bursts or displays with periods between , during which little or no bloom is carried .

It is mainly used as a phosphate source which , as it also contains some lime , has an alkaline reaction .
it is mainly used as a phosphate source which , as it also [has] some lime , has an alkaline reaction .

It is ideal as a mulch , where the bacteria can get all the air they want to break it down , but often contains limestone chippings or a residue , and therefore needs watching for use on the acid-lovers .
it is ideal as a mulch , where the bacteria can get all the air they want to break it down , but often [has] limestone chippings or a residue , and therefore needs watching for use on the acid-lovers .

‘ The basic information it contains is the duration of activities and their sequence and timing .
‘ the basic information it [has] is the duration of activities and their sequence and timing .

They guard the Everqueen as her court travels through Avelorn for the forest contains many dark and dangerous places where the hearts of the trees are rotten and great spiders lurk .
they guard the everqueen as her court travels through avelorn for the forest [has] many dark and dangerous places where the hearts of the trees are rotten and great spiders lurk .

Seymour-Ure 's detailed study of the part the mass media have played in British politics contains a considered summary , and clarification , of the concepts of ‘ effect ’ and ‘ impact ’ .
seymour-ure 's detailed study of the part the mass media have played in british politics [has] a considered summary , and clarification , of the concepts of ‘ effect ’ and ‘ impact ’ .

Chapter 14 also contains the names of one or two organisations that run pre-retirement courses as part of their holiday programme .
chapter 14 also [has] the names of one or two organisations that run pre-retirement courses as part of their holiday programme .

If the cytochrome oxidase stain is used on the rat somatosensory cortex , the cortex contains a large number of patches shaped like barrels ( Land and Simons 1985 ) .
if the cytochrome oxidase stain is used on the rat somatosensory cortex , the cortex [has] a large number of patches shaped like barrels ( land and simons 1985 ) .

Lenin was very conscious of Marx 's warning that each war contains within it the seeds of a fresh war , an observation amply born out by the conflicts between France and Prussia-Germany in Marx 's lifetime and in Lenin 's time by the First World War .
lenin was very conscious of marx 's warning that each war [has] within it the seeds of a fresh war , an observation amply born out by the conflicts between france and prussia-germany in marx 's lifetime and in lenin 's time by the first world war .

The advantage they have over individuals is that , although each practice only contains a part of the complex phenomenon which is society , each one is a ‘ whole ’ in the sense that it consists of a variety of different kinds of parts , all of which are interrelated .
the advantage they have over individuals is that , although each practice only [has] a part of the complex phenomenon which is society , each one is a ‘ whole ’ in the sense that it consists of a variety of different kinds of parts , all of which are interrelated .

For example , economic practice contains raw materials , individual men , tools , etc .
for example , economic practice [has] raw materials , individual men , tools , etc .

Furthermore , the whole contains parts which are , as we have seen , more or less closely related .
furthermore , the whole [has] parts which are , as we have seen , more or less closely related .

He points out that a complex whole which contains principal and secondary contradictions will also contain relations of domination and subordination ( since the factors forming the principal contradiction will dominate those forming the subordinate contradiction ) , and argues that the presence of these characteristics in a complex whole is not merely a contingent matter , but a necessary one .
he points out that a complex whole which [has] principal and secondary contradictions will also contain relations of domination and subordination ( since the factors forming the principal contradiction will dominate those forming the subordinate contradiction ) , and argues that the presence of these characteristics in a complex whole is not merely a contingent matter , but a necessary one .

Now it is certainly true that a complex whole necessarily contains relations of subordination and domination if the presence of principal and secondary contradictions within it is made into a defining characteristic .
now it is certainly true that a complex whole necessarily [has] relations of subordination and domination if the presence of principal and secondary contradictions within it is made into a defining characteristic .

On the one hand , his book contains accounts of various structural constraints such as population size , wage levels , the sort of crops that could be grown , and so forth .
on the one hand , his book [has] accounts of various structural constraints such as population size , wage levels , the sort of crops that could be grown , and so forth .

The moral arena also contains more motley claimants .
the moral arena also [has] more motley claimants .

For instance , in Japan the diet , still mainly fish and rice , contains considerably less fat than that of Europe , North America and Australasia .
for instance , in japan the diet , still mainly fish and rice , [has] considerably less fat than that of europe , north america and australasia .

Secondly , although the majority of the research community favours the use of animal subjects , within the existing legal safeguards , it contains respected figures who are well-known in the animal rights movement .
secondly , although the majority of the research community favours the use of animal subjects , within the existing legal safeguards , it [has] respected figures who are well-known in the animal rights movement .

Contents : this best-selling guide contains comprehensive practical advice for all types of travellers on every aspect of worldwide travel medicine .
contents : this best-selling guide [has] comprehensive practical advice for all types of travellers on every aspect of worldwide travel medicine .

Contains dried fruit and 5g of Spirulina — a rich natural source of protein , vitamins , minerals , iron etc .
[has] dried fruit and 5g of spirulina — a rich natural source of protein , vitamins , minerals , iron etc .

Strandlooper for your scalp and hair is made from sea kelp and contains deep cleansers plus 16 conditioning agents to nourish and revitalise .
strandlooper for your scalp and hair is made from sea kelp and [has] deep cleansers plus 16 conditioning agents to nourish and revitalise .

The Elegant Touch kit contains all you need and costs £4.35 .
the elegant touch kit [has] all you need and costs £4.35 .

Igora Botanic contains ingredients from the flora of five continents — tropical fruit skin , camomile , walnut and the bark from exotic trees .
igora botanic [has] ingredients from the flora of five continents — tropical fruit skin , camomile , walnut and the bark from exotic trees .

There is a double emphasis on honouring in Paul 's teaching , for the fifth commandment itself , ‘ Honour your father and mother ’ , contains the emphasis on honouring parents .
there is a double emphasis on honouring in paul 's teaching , for the fifth commandment itself , ‘ honour your father and mother ’ , [has] the emphasis on honouring parents .

Over the issue of the future ownership of Mar Lodge , which contains three of Britain 's five highest mountains , Mr. Lang for months resisted pressure even to meet with the conservation groups who would like to rescue it .
over the issue of the future ownership of mar lodge , which [has] three of britain 's five highest mountains , mr. lang for months resisted pressure even to meet with the conservation groups who would like to rescue it .

The tool is intended to be an accessible reference source , and generally contains key points .
the tool is intended to be an accessible reference source , and generally [has] key points .

Apart from moisture vapour , the air also contains millions of tiny plant spores which float around looking for somewhere to live and multiply .
apart from moisture vapour , the air also [has] millions of tiny plant spores which float around looking for somewhere to live and multiply .

The 1992/1993 Angora Thermal Clothing catalogue contains a range of practical ‘ thermal ’ items which are guaranteed to keep out the chill ! You 'll find gloves , mittens , hats , snoods , balaclavas , scarves , socks , stockings , slippers , waistcoats and back wraps as well as leg , knee and wrist warmers — all made from the light soft , natural fibres produced by the Angora rabbits of the Orkneys .
the 1992/1993 angora thermal clothing catalogue [has] a range of practical ‘ thermal ’ items which are guaranteed to keep out the chill ! you 'll find gloves , mittens , hats , snoods , balaclavas , scarves , socks , stockings , slippers , waistcoats and back wraps as well as leg , knee and wrist warmers — all made from the light soft , natural fibres produced by the angora rabbits of the orkneys .

In our application this requirement says that each hyperdocument should include its own context-table , which contains context-specifications for all the contexts used in the hyperdocument .
in our application this requirement says that each hyperdocument should include its own context-table , which [has] context-specifications for all the contexts used in the hyperdocument .

As we have said , the Guide author 's menu always contains commands for creating instances of each context specified in the current context-table ( s ) .
as we have said , the guide author 's menu always [has] commands for creating instances of each context specified in the current context-table ( s ) .

The course contains five parts , ordered chronologically .
the course [has] five parts , ordered chronologically .

The next handout contains two short case histories .
the next handout [has] two short case histories .

Item 10 contains a notion that often provokes hostility among professionals who describe themselves as ‘ caring ’ .
item 10 [has] a notion that often provokes hostility among professionals who describe themselves as ‘ caring ’ .

Although it is only a brief summary , it contains all the relevant information necessary to follow the ten steps — plus a measure of red-herrings .
although it is only a brief summary , it [has] all the relevant information necessary to follow the ten steps — plus a measure of red-herrings .

The preceding text contains a simple message : parents take action to solve behaviour problems ; professionals take action to help them do it .
the preceding text [has] a simple message : parents take action to solve behaviour problems ; professionals take action to help them do it .

Handout 21 contains a description of the Smith family and some of their problems .
handout 21 [has] a description of the smith family and some of their problems .

In terms of discourse characteristics , ‘ Motherese ’ contains a high frequency of self-repetitions and imitations of the child 's language .
in terms of discourse characteristics , ‘ motherese ’ [has] a high frequency of self-repetitions and imitations of the child 's language .

Adult speech which contains a relatively high proportion of statements or declaratives has been associated with accelerated language development in young children , while studies of pre-schoolers have indicated that conversations are more likely to be maintained over a number of turns if adults make positive contributions by adding new information ( Wood et al .
adult speech which [has] a relatively high proportion of statements or declaratives has been associated with accelerated language development in young children , while studies of pre-schoolers have indicated that conversations are more likely to be maintained over a number of turns if adults make positive contributions by adding new information ( wood et al .

The collection contains wonderful healing and soothing Essential Oils and has been developed to treat your scalp .
the collection [has] wonderful healing and soothing essential oils and has been developed to treat your scalp .

Research has shown that the average Western diet contains up to eighty per cent of acid-forming foods , like meat , bread , eggs , and hard cheese .
research has shown that the average western diet [has] up to eighty per cent of acid-forming foods , like meat , bread , eggs , and hard cheese .

The green ribbon contains a blend of body-building products for strong hold and the white ribbon contains essences of Irish Moss , Clover Blossom and Bay Laurel to give a brilliant shine that is re-activated with brushing .
the green ribbon [has] a blend of body-building products for strong hold and the white ribbon [has] essences of irish moss , clover blossom and bay laurel to give a brilliant shine that is re-activated with brushing .

Alternatively , try Boots No 7 Defence 15 , £8.15/50ml , with a Sun Protection Factor of 15 , which contains oils and silicone fluids to provide a protective mantle over the skin which repels airborne pollutants !
alternatively , try boots no 7 defence 15 , £8.15/50ml , with a sun protection factor of 15 , which [has] oils and silicone fluids to provide a protective mantle over the skin which repels airborne pollutants !

Firstly , it contains special nutrients that will effectively stimulate skin cell activity and so repair past damage .
firstly , it [has] special nutrients that will effectively stimulate skin cell activity and so repair past damage .

Advanced foundations — Max Factor 's High Definition Foundation , £5.49 , contains moisturisers and sunscreens but the difference is that it contains smaller than ever coloured pigments .
advanced foundations — max factor 's high definition foundation , £5.49 , [has] moisturisers and sunscreens but the difference is that it [has] smaller than ever coloured pigments .

Revlon 's Moisture Lipstick , £6.95 , contains chronospheres which , it 's claimed , continuously release the colour , shine and moisturisers so it lasts without staining and feels smooth and comfortable .
revlon 's moisture lipstick , £6.95 , [has] chronospheres which , it 's claimed , continuously release the colour , shine and moisturisers so it lasts without staining and feels smooth and comfortable .

Likewise , Boots No 7 Moisture Active Lipcolour , £2.90 , contains micro-entrapped hydrators .
likewise , boots no 7 moisture active lipcolour , £2.90 , [has] micro-entrapped hydrators .

Bourjois ' Cil 18 Heures Mascara , £3.79 , for instance contains an ingredient called a hydrophobic polymer which improves the mascara 's resistance to water , whilst Lancôme 's Definicil Mascara , £12 , has a brush made of a substance called Rislan designed to be extra gentle on your lashes .
bourjois ' cil 18 heures mascara , £3.79 , for instance [has] an ingredient called a hydrophobic polymer which improves the mascara 's resistance to water , whilst lancôme 's definicil mascara , £12 , has a brush made of a substance called rislan designed to be extra gentle on your lashes .

You may also hear polymers described as cationic , amphoteric polymers in their Energance range for permed hair give added resilience and suppleness whilst FreeStyle Mousse for Sensitive Hair , £1.89/100ml , contains cationic polymers for their ability to hold the hair in place .
you may also hear polymers described as cationic , amphoteric polymers in their energance range for permed hair give added resilience and suppleness whilst freestyle mousse for sensitive hair , £1.89/100ml , [has] cationic polymers for their ability to hold the hair in place .

interpret the economic categories of work , value , and productivity exactly as they are interpreted in the existing order … [ but ] … the critical acceptance of the categories which rule social life contains simultaneously their condemnation .
interpret the economic categories of work , value , and productivity exactly as they are interpreted in the existing order … [ but ] … the critical acceptance of the categories which rule social life [has] simultaneously their condemnation .

The universality of the pragmatic features of communication means that all communicatively competent speech contains the possibility of the ideal speech situation :
the universality of the pragmatic features of communication means that all communicatively competent speech [has] the possibility of the ideal speech situation :

Dispatch contains the sense of ’ , ‘ to get on with something ’ , haste , and also ‘ to do away with ’ , to polish off , to send off to the next life .
dispatch [has] the sense of ’ , ‘ to get on with something ’ , haste , and also ‘ to do away with ’ , to polish off , to send off to the next life .

Publishers now accept novels which are composed of a series of short , interlinked stories , novels where prose narrative alternates with poems and — perhaps most interestingly — the epistolary novel has been resurrected , along with the novel of fragments , where every page contains a separate ‘ statement ’ that is linked to every other statement through place , character and feeling .
publishers now accept novels which are composed of a series of short , interlinked stories , novels where prose narrative alternates with poems and — perhaps most interestingly — the epistolary novel has been resurrected , along with the novel of fragments , where every page [has] a separate ‘ statement ’ that is linked to every other statement through place , character and feeling .

Bogwood requires some weeks if not months , of soaking to remove the bulk of the tannins it contains — one does not varnish bogwood for Uaru tanks , as then eat the varnish and then die .
bogwood requires some weeks if not months , of soaking to remove the bulk of the tannins it [has] — one does not varnish bogwood for uaru tanks , as then eat the varnish and then die .

Floating plants are always a good addition to any aquarium that contains Gouramis .
floating plants are always a good addition to any aquarium that [has] gouramis .

At the moment the 30″ × 15″ × 15″ aquarium contains four Gold Barbs , a couple of Platies and ten Neons and is being maintained at fortnightly intervals by Aqualand Pet Centre .
at the moment the 30″ × 15″ × 15″ aquarium [has] four gold barbs , a couple of platies and ten neons and is being maintained at fortnightly intervals by aqualand pet centre .

Roget 's contains over 1000 word types , and for each type different forms of speech and numerous synonyms are offered .
roget 's [has] over 1000 word types , and for each type different forms of speech and numerous synonyms are offered .

The number after a word refers to its location in the hierarchy of words which Roget 's contains
the number after a word refers to its location in the hierarchy of words which roget 's [has]

The key all.unit.id effectively defines a generic heading which contains an integer value for each possible component of a textual identifier .
the key all.unit.id effectively defines a generic heading which [has] an integer value for each possible component of a textual identifier .

Volume Two of a 10 volume series , this particular video contains two films , Watch and Ward in the Air a 1937 film showing the basics of air navigation for land based aircraft with special considerations given for flying boats .
volume two of a 10 volume series , this particular video [has] two films , watch and ward in the air a 1937 film showing the basics of air navigation for land based aircraft with special considerations given for flying boats .

contains garter carriage patterns especially for those new to this attachment , but with plenty to inspire the more experienced knitter .
[has] garter carriage patterns especially for those new to this attachment , but with plenty to inspire the more experienced knitter .

The capacity to build a relationship contains the essence of any social work interaction .
the capacity to build a relationship [has] the essence of any social work interaction .

However , in Britain the same label means the drink contains not more than 1.2 per cent alcohol .
however , in britain the same label means the drink [has] not more than 1.2 per cent alcohol .

As well as these large-scale pieces , Mozart wrote a number of light entertainment pieces : unpretentious divertimentos for a small group of wind instruments ( oboes , bassoons and horns ) intended to be played outdoors on a summer evening ; more substantial serenades for string quartet and two horns written for the delectation of Countess Lodron ; a serenade for seven instruments written for Nannerl 's name-day ; the massive ‘ Haffner ’ Serenade for the marriage of Elisabeth Haffner , daughter of a prominent Salzburg merchant ( this also contains a violin concerto , incorporating the famous rondo ) ; and two ‘ echo ’ serenades — the Serenata Notturna for two contrasting groups of instruments , and the Notturno for four groups of strings and horns .
as well as these large-scale pieces , mozart wrote a number of light entertainment pieces : unpretentious divertimentos for a small group of wind instruments ( oboes , bassoons and horns ) intended to be played outdoors on a summer evening ; more substantial serenades for string quartet and two horns written for the delectation of countess lodron ; a serenade for seven instruments written for nannerl 's name-day ; the massive ‘ haffner ’ serenade for the marriage of elisabeth haffner , daughter of a prominent salzburg merchant ( this also [has] a violin concerto , incorporating the famous rondo ) ; and two ‘ echo ’ serenades — the serenata notturna for two contrasting groups of instruments , and the notturno for four groups of strings and horns .

It begins with an attempted rape and a murder , contains scenes of spine-chilling horror when the murder victim 's marble effigy comes to life in the graveyard and then accepts its murderer 's invitation to supper , and ends with the unrepentant libertine being dragged down to hell by demons .
it begins with an attempted rape and a murder , [has] scenes of spine-chilling horror when the murder victim 's marble effigy comes to life in the graveyard and then accepts its murderer 's invitation to supper , and ends with the unrepentant libertine being dragged down to hell by demons .

Emap 's fast-growing stable contains some of the best-known names in magazine publishing , including Angling Times , Smash Hits , New Woman and Elle .
emap 's fast-growing stable [has] some of the best-known names in magazine publishing , including angling times , smash hits , new woman and elle .

The nucleus contains almost all of the atom 's mass , the electrons contributing at most about 1/2000 of the whole .
the nucleus [has] almost all of the atom 's mass , the electrons contributing at most about 1/2000 of the whole .

Helium , the next element in the periodic table , contains two electrons encircling a nucleus containing two protons .
helium , the next element in the periodic table , [has] two electrons encircling a nucleus containing two protons .

The positive charge in a nucleus is due to the several protons it contains , but the protons are not alone ; there is a second type of particle within nuclei — the neutron .
the positive charge in a nucleus is due to the several protons it [has] , but the protons are not alone ; there is a second type of particle within nuclei — the neutron .

We now know that two protons will not directly make helium ; two protons can not survive the electrical disruption on their own and the stable helium nucleus contains neutrons as well .
we now know that two protons will not directly make helium ; two protons can not survive the electrical disruption on their own and the stable helium nucleus [has] neutrons as well .

The hydrogen nucleus consists of a single proton ; helium contains two protons and one or two neutrons , these two ‘ isotopes ’ being known as helium-3 and helium-4 ( written 3 He , 4 He — He being the chemical symbol for helium and the 3 or 4 referring to the total number of constituents within the nucleus ) .
the hydrogen nucleus consists of a single proton ; helium [has] two protons and one or two neutrons , these two ‘ isotopes ’ being known as helium-3 and helium-4 ( written 3 he , 4 he — he being the chemical symbol for helium and the 3 or 4 referring to the total number of constituents within the nucleus ) .

The deuterium nucleus , ‘ deuteron ’ , contains a proton and a neutron ; the heavier form of hydrogen called tritium has a nucleus ( ‘ triton ‘ ) consisting of a single proton and two neutrons .
the deuterium nucleus , ‘ deuteron ’ , [has] a proton and a neutron ; the heavier form of hydrogen called tritium has a nucleus ( ‘ triton ‘ ) consisting of a single proton and two neutrons .

As all water contains some ‘ heavy hydrogen ’ ( deuterium ) , where the single proton of the conventional hydrogen nucleus is accompanied by a neutron , there should be some deuterium produced at the cathode too .
as all water [has] some ‘ heavy hydrogen ’ ( deuterium ) , where the single proton of the conventional hydrogen nucleus is accompanied by a neutron , there should be some deuterium produced at the cathode too .

But Palmer 's log that day contains a significant remark : ‘ Bart [ Czirr ] suggests that we use palladium as the metal cathode as it has the ability to let hydrogen diffuse through it at will .
but palmer 's log that day [has] a significant remark : ‘ bart [ czirr ] suggests that we use palladium as the metal cathode as it has the ability to let hydrogen diffuse through it at will .

‘ Are you aware that the consignment contains weapons , not machinery parts ? ’
‘ are you aware that the consignment [has] weapons , not machinery parts ? ’

Despite his business commitments , Mr Branson now spends more and more time with his second wife Joan and two children at home in the village of Kidlington , Oxon , where the garden contains a Balinese pavilion .
despite his business commitments , mr branson now spends more and more time with his second wife joan and two children at home in the village of kidlington , oxon , where the garden [has] a balinese pavilion .

Meat contains volatile fatty acids which are excreted into the breath , so vegetarians are less likely to get halitosis .
meat [has] volatile fatty acids which are excreted into the breath , so vegetarians are less likely to get halitosis .

Behind all the razzmatazz of exploding cannons lies a movie that contains many more considered pluses , not least being Daniel Day-Lewis 's mesmerising central performance as Hawkeye .
behind all the razzmatazz of exploding cannons lies a movie that [has] many more considered pluses , not least being daniel day-lewis 's mesmerising central performance as hawkeye .

Simple Men is Hartley 's most ambitious film to date and contains many of his illuminating trademarks — the cast talk to each other in monotone bite-size truths , the characters circle each other warily constantly considering closer contact , the humour is dark and rich and each sparse frame is carefully staged .
simple men is hartley 's most ambitious film to date and [has] many of his illuminating trademarks — the cast talk to each other in monotone bite-size truths , the characters circle each other warily constantly considering closer contact , the humour is dark and rich and each sparse frame is carefully staged .

Grapefruit has 22 calories per 100g , while lime and lemon juice contains only 7 calories per 100g .
grapefruit has 22 calories per 100g , while lime and lemon juice [has] only 7 calories per 100g .

Connery is a pony-tailed scientist Dr Robert Campbell who , aided by an elaborate rope and harness system , is collecting a rare plant which , he has discovered , contains a substance that can combat cancer .
connery is a pony-tailed scientist dr robert campbell who , aided by an elaborate rope and harness system , is collecting a rare plant which , he has discovered , [has] a substance that can combat cancer .

Pancreatic juice for example contains a high concentration of sodium ions , and variable concentrations of chloride and bicarbonate ions .
pancreatic juice for example [has] a high concentration of sodium ions , and variable concentrations of chloride and bicarbonate ions .

‘ Amasha ’ : This presents with a stool which is generally not watery but contains mucus .
‘ amasha ’ : this presents with a stool which is generally not watery but [has] mucus .

In the process , it regularly encounters regions where space contains a more than usual amount of matter in the form of gas , dust and other debris .
in the process , it regularly encounters regions where space [has] a more than usual amount of matter in the form of gas , dust and other debris .

It is always wise to examine a flower very carefully before placing it in the blotting paper as if it contains any tiny insects they will think they are being provided with a picnic lunch and eat their way through the contents of your press !
it is always wise to examine a flower very carefully before placing it in the blotting paper as if it [has] any tiny insects they will think they are being provided with a picnic lunch and eat their way through the contents of your press !

It is always much more difficult to produce a lovely picture that contains only one type of flower , such as a bunch of freesias , as you can only use one flower shape , although you will be able to press the flowers in various ways — for example , side views , full views , with buds and without .
it is always much more difficult to produce a lovely picture that [has] only one type of flower , such as a bunch of freesias , as you can only use one flower shape , although you will be able to press the flowers in various ways — for example , side views , full views , with buds and without .

None of the Gospels contains the name of the author in the text .
none of the gospels [has] the name of the author in the text .

The Gospel contains a large amount of material concerned with the theme of suffering and persecution .
the gospel [has] a large amount of material concerned with the theme of suffering and persecution .

It contains this statement :
it [has] this statement :

The message of the angel contains three important titles given to Jesus ( see chapter 8 ) .
the message of the angel [has] three important titles given to jesus ( see chapter 8 ) .

This miracle is remembered by the early Church because it contains the title ‘ Holy One of God ’ .
this miracle is remembered by the early church because it [has] the title ‘ holy one of god ’ .

Mark has grouped these five conflict stories at the beginning of his Gospel in order to show that Jesus is opposed to the religious authorities from the outset . Each story contains a different claim by Jesus that set himself against the religious leaders and pointed to the new way of Christianity :
mark has grouped these five conflict stories at the beginning of his gospel in order to show that jesus is opposed to the religious authorities from the outset . each story [has] a different claim by jesus that set himself against the religious leaders and pointed to the new way of christianity :

Chapter 2 contains a list of the practical strengths of various materials .
chapter 2 [has] a list of the practical strengths of various materials .

As we have said , a strained material contains strain energy which would like to be released just as a raised weight contains potential energy and would like to fall .
as we have said , a strained material [has] strain energy which would like to be released just as a raised weight [has] potential energy and would like to fall .

This would present no great difficulty if one were dealing with a single cell but real lumber contains many thousands and it is necessary to diffuse the water from the inner cells through the walls of most of the other cells which lie between them and the outer world .
this would present no great difficulty if one were dealing with a single cell but real lumber [has] many thousands and it is necessary to diffuse the water from the inner cells through the walls of most of the other cells which lie between them and the outer world .

This often contains the seeds of grass and other plants which before long sprout , like mustard and cress on a damp flannel .
this often [has] the seeds of grass and other plants which before long sprout , like mustard and cress on a damp flannel .

March , April and May are the periods to watch for the sudden and the unexpected , although virtually every month contains a potential departure or arrival point , an ending or a beginning .
march , april and may are the periods to watch for the sudden and the unexpected , although virtually every month [has] a potential departure or arrival point , an ending or a beginning .

Scotland 's Spey Valley contains the perfect conditions for whisky making .
scotland 's spey valley [has] the perfect conditions for whisky making .

Like a womb , a plane is something which contains us , so a crashing plane could represent insecurities about our mother or those close to us .
like a womb , a plane is something which [has] us , so a crashing plane could represent insecurities about our mother or those close to us .

The panel did n't review supermodel Cindy Crawford 's new video which has already come under fire in some fitness circles but Mr Dickinson adds : ‘ It clearly contains some of the exercises the panel had elsewhere criticised as outdated ’ .
the panel did n't review supermodel cindy crawford 's new video which has already come under fire in some fitness circles but mr dickinson adds : ‘ it clearly [has] some of the exercises the panel had elsewhere criticised as outdated ’ .

Liz tops up with another vodka with lime and soda , followed by a can of Tennent 's Pilsner which contains about four units or 60mg of alcohol .
liz tops up with another vodka with lime and soda , followed by a can of tennent 's pilsner which [has] about four units or 60mg of alcohol .

The side contains three debutants , Cambridge University No 8 and captain Eric Peters , Australian centre Lloyd Walker and Moseley forward Steve Lloyd .
the side [has] three debutants , cambridge university no 8 and captain eric peters , australian centre lloyd walker and moseley forward steve lloyd .

It is full of amusing anecdotes and also contains useful tips from pro-am partners such as Lee Trevino , Sandy Lyle and Jose Maria Olazabal .
it is full of amusing anecdotes and also [has] useful tips from pro-am partners such as lee trevino , sandy lyle and jose maria olazabal .

Accounting for Growth : no accounting for the fuss Terry Smith 's book contains relatively little new information . So why did it attract so much comment ?
accounting for growth : no accounting for the fuss terry smith 's book [has] relatively little new information . so why did it attract so much comment ?

The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued a new Statement , No 110 , Reporting by Defined Benefit Pension Plans of Investment Contracts , which contains an amendment to an earlier Statement , No 35 .
the financial accounting standards board has issued a new statement , no 110 , reporting by defined benefit pension plans of investment contracts , which [has] an amendment to an earlier statement , no 35 .

It also contains principles that all member states should observe in the conduct of pensions investment , on the grounds of prudence .
it also [has] principles that all member states should observe in the conduct of pensions investment , on the grounds of prudence .

The chances of achieving a sub-letting on a three year lease that is outside the Landlord and Tenant Act , and that contains rent review and market rent clauses , could be severely limited , particularly in today 's market conditions .
the chances of achieving a sub-letting on a three year lease that is outside the landlord and tenant act , and that [has] rent review and market rent clauses , could be severely limited , particularly in today 's market conditions .

The fact that a practitioner has a copy of the Blue Book ( which contains the Institute 's regulations and guidance notes on investment business ) on his shelf does not necessarily mean that he has read and understood it , and in some firms the Institute 's Investment Business Gazettes ( which announce changes to regulations and other requirements , and provide a general round-up of developments likely to affect authorised firms ) are filed away unread if they are kept at all .
the fact that a practitioner has a copy of the blue book ( which [has] the institute 's regulations and guidance notes on investment business ) on his shelf does not necessarily mean that he has read and understood it , and in some firms the institute 's investment business gazettes ( which announce changes to regulations and other requirements , and provide a general round-up of developments likely to affect authorised firms ) are filed away unread if they are kept at all .

Produced by the European Federation of Financial Analyst Societies in association with the International Securities Markets Association , the new edition contains several articles about the structural changes taking place in Europe .
produced by the european federation of financial analyst societies in association with the international securities markets association , the new edition [has] several articles about the structural changes taking place in europe .

It contains more information .
it [has] more information .

The Esoteric Tradition places the Nagas as descendants of a prehistoric race whose homeland was destroyed by a great cataclysm 10,000 years ago . An ancient Papyrus in the Leningrad Hermitage mentions the ‘ Island of the Serpents ’ and contains the following passage :
the esoteric tradition places the nagas as descendants of a prehistoric race whose homeland was destroyed by a great cataclysm 10,000 years ago . an ancient papyrus in the leningrad hermitage mentions the ‘ island of the serpents ’ and [has] the following passage :

‘ One of the more bizarre predictions of modern quantum theory is that each cubic centimetre of space , including that of the most pristine vacuum of outer space , contains an enormous amount of untapped electro-magnetic energy known as zero-point energy .
‘ one of the more bizarre predictions of modern quantum theory is that each cubic centimetre of space , including that of the most pristine vacuum of outer space , [has] an enormous amount of untapped electro-magnetic energy known as zero-point energy .

It contains the potential for the emergence of matter and is the responsible agent for growth and development in living biomatter .
it [has] the potential for the emergence of matter and is the responsible agent for growth and development in living biomatter .

Because of the operation of aggressive forces , the inner world contains many damaged , injured , or dead objects .
because of the operation of aggressive forces , the inner world [has] many damaged , injured , or dead objects .

, contains a revised version of the Timeshare Act .
, [has] a revised version of the timeshare act .

The guide contains commonsense recommendations covering situations such as meetings in strangers ' offices and homes , walking home alone and car breakdowns .
the guide [has] commonsense recommendations covering situations such as meetings in strangers ' offices and homes , walking home alone and car breakdowns .

The box below contains a list of salient points to check against your own company 's report and accounts .
the box below [has] a list of salient points to check against your own company 's report and accounts .

If any other kind of capital instrument contains an obligation to transfer economic benefits , it is to be classified as a liability .
if any other kind of capital instrument [has] an obligation to transfer economic benefits , it is to be classified as a liability .

An instrument which requires the issuer to issue shares ( whether contingently or not ) and contains no obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits .
an instrument which requires the issuer to issue shares ( whether contingently or not ) and [has] no obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits .

The determination of whether a capital instrument represents a liability is based on whether it contains an obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits ( paragraph 21 ) .
the determination of whether a capital instrument represents a liability is based on whether it [has] an obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits ( paragraph 21 ) .

If a capital instrument contains an obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits to another party it should be classified as debt even if the obligation is contingent .
if a capital instrument [has] an obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits to another party it should be classified as debt even if the obligation is contingent .

If a capital instrument contains an obligation to transfer economic benefits the entire instrument should be accounted for as a liability .
if a capital instrument [has] an obligation to transfer economic benefits the entire instrument should be accounted for as a liability .

Convertible debt with a premium put option contains an option for the holder to demand redemption ( either at the maturity of the debt or at some earlier date ) for an amount which is in excess of the amount originally received for the debt .
convertible debt with a premium put option [has] an option for the holder to demand redemption ( either at the maturity of the debt or at some earlier date ) for an amount which is in excess of the amount originally received for the debt .

Sometimes contains additional cushioning .
sometimes [has] additional cushioning .

Neither the later edition of Butcher , which contains a few additions , nor Howgrave nor Peck make any reference to the incident .
neither the later edition of butcher , which [has] a few additions , nor howgrave nor peck make any reference to the incident .

If the tank bottom contains plenty of plant detritus , this will be readily utilized by the plant .
if the tank bottom [has] plenty of plant detritus , this will be readily utilized by the plant .

If the tank contains plant detritus , then this condition will suit well .
if the tank [has] plant detritus , then this condition will suit well .

No-one knows why , but the theories range from the obvious — that chocolate is high in fat and sugar and it tastes good — to the more esoteric — that chocolate contains chemicals which act as antidepressants .
no-one knows why , but the theories range from the obvious — that chocolate is high in fat and sugar and it tastes good — to the more esoteric — that chocolate [has] chemicals which act as antidepressants .

You will receive a wonderful goody bag which contains four full-size L'Oréal Plénitude skincare products , a 25 % discount voucher for Worthingtons hair salons , a bottle of Aqua Libra , the natural , sparkling herbal fruit juice drink ( worth around £25 ) .
you will receive a wonderful goody bag which [has] four full-size l'oréal plénitude skincare products , a 25 % discount voucher for worthingtons hair salons , a bottle of aqua libra , the natural , sparkling herbal fruit juice drink ( worth around £25 ) .

Larousse Pratique ( Hamlyn , £25 ) is an encyclopedic book which contains more than 750 clearly explained recipes together with helpful descriptions of various cooking techniques .
larousse pratique ( hamlyn , £25 ) is an encyclopedic book which [has] more than 750 clearly explained recipes together with helpful descriptions of various cooking techniques .

It 's tough , colourful and contains a free pot of fruity Ready-to-Eat Jelly .
it 's tough , colourful and [has] a free pot of fruity ready-to-eat jelly .

From Waddingtons , priced around £13 , it contains all the raw materials they 'll need .
from waddingtons , priced around £13 , it [has] all the raw materials they 'll need .

This is important if you are to gain a proper understanding of how to obtain the best results from your new machine , and it also contains some cautionary notes to help you avoid accidentally damaging it through misuse .
this is important if you are to gain a proper understanding of how to obtain the best results from your new machine , and it also [has] some cautionary notes to help you avoid accidentally damaging it through misuse .

The idea of telling a story is important to discuss at this point , because it contains the secret of all good video .
the idea of telling a story is important to discuss at this point , because it [has] the secret of all good video .

The research publication also contains details of the new independent pub operators — such as Enterprise Inns , Paramount , Pubmaster — which often acquired pubs when the majors were reducing their tied outlets to comply with the Beer Orders .
the research publication also [has] details of the new independent pub operators — such as enterprise inns , paramount , pubmaster — which often acquired pubs when the majors were reducing their tied outlets to comply with the beer orders .

The Department of Trade and Industry has promised to examine whether charities may be able to get round this by using a clause , such as s 257 of the Companies Act , that contains special regulations for banks and insurance companies , allowing them different formats .
the department of trade and industry has promised to examine whether charities may be able to get round this by using a clause , such as s 257 of the companies act , that [has] special regulations for banks and insurance companies , allowing them different formats .

Bowthorpe 's interim report also contains a group balance sheet and a segmental analysis of the results .
bowthorpe 's interim report also [has] a group balance sheet and a segmental analysis of the results .

The interim report to 30 June 1992 of Eurotunnel , the Anglo French group responsible for constructing and running the Channel Tunnel , contains an auditors ' attestation in accordance with French reporting regulations .
the interim report to 30 june 1992 of eurotunnel , the anglo french group responsible for constructing and running the channel tunnel , [has] an auditors ' attestation in accordance with french reporting regulations .

Note 24 contains a summary of the combined assets and liabilities at 31 March 1992 of the four subsidiaries in receivership ; the combined net liabilities totalled £2.999m .
note 24 [has] a summary of the combined assets and liabilities at 31 march 1992 of the four subsidiaries in receivership ; the combined net liabilities totalled £2.999m .

The bookcase , labelled Robert Maxwell Chairman in mother-of-pearl , contains some of the 6,000 tomes in the 29-room mansion .
the bookcase , labelled robert maxwell chairman in mother-of-pearl , [has] some of the 6,000 tomes in the 29-room mansion .

‘ It hardly contains any State secrets , ’ a royal expert said .
‘ it hardly [has] any state secrets , ’ a royal expert said .

That treaty contains many ideas for which Britain has fought long and hard .
that treaty [has] many ideas for which britain has fought long and hard .

Every linguistic expression contains the potential for a multiplicity of meanings and which one is realized on a particular occasion is determined by non-linguistic factors of context .
every linguistic expression [has] the potential for a multiplicity of meanings and which one is realized on a particular occasion is determined by non-linguistic factors of context .

If one is already in possession of schematic ( content ) knowledge about oil-bound paints and building materials , then one will already know that the former contains acids like the fatty acid in linseed oil and the other contains alkalis , that soap contains salt , and so on .
if one is already in possession of schematic ( content ) knowledge about oil-bound paints and building materials , then one will already know that the former [has] acids like the fatty acid in linseed oil and the other [has] alkalis , that soap [has] salt , and so on .

You accountancy people are good at sums , so you will immediately recognise that if your own ‘ glass ’ contains a quadruple measure , you are having not one drink but four .
you accountancy people are good at sums , so you will immediately recognise that if your own ‘ glass ’ [has] a quadruple measure , you are having not one drink but four .

Cadbury Schweppes ' interim report for the 24 weeks ended 13 June 1992 also contains group p & l , balance sheet and cash flow statement on separate pages , each with its own notes at the bottom but no audit review .
cadbury schweppes ' interim report for the 24 weeks ended 13 june 1992 also [has] group p & l , balance sheet and cash flow statement on separate pages , each with its own notes at the bottom but no audit review .

The document contains a broad outline of the existing legal and regulatory framework for pension schemes , and a more detailed look at the issues on which the Committee is seeking views .
the document [has] a broad outline of the existing legal and regulatory framework for pension schemes , and a more detailed look at the issues on which the committee is seeking views .

Did you know that the Institute 's questionnaire database contains 19,892 ‘ unknown ’ members ?
did you know that the institute 's questionnaire database [has] 19,892 ‘ unknown ’ members ?

contains the lobster ,
[has] the lobster ,

For example , migrants from Pakistan — both women and men — appear to retain a strong sense of obligation to give support to all relatives within their biraderi ( sometimes spelled biradari ) which contains a wide range of kin and can represent a network of mutual aid extending across continents ( Anwar , 1985 ) .
for example , migrants from pakistan — both women and men — appear to retain a strong sense of obligation to give support to all relatives within their biraderi ( sometimes spelled biradari ) which [has] a wide range of kin and can represent a network of mutual aid extending across continents ( anwar , 1985 ) .

For example , Ellen Ross 's ( 1983 ) discussion of the lifestyle of the working poor in the East End of London , in the period leading up to the First World War , contains evidence about financial relationships between young working adults and their parents , based partly on the surveys of Charles Booth ( 1892b ) .
for example , ellen ross 's ( 1983 ) discussion of the lifestyle of the working poor in the east end of london , in the period leading up to the first world war , [has] evidence about financial relationships between young working adults and their parents , based partly on the surveys of charles booth ( 1892b ) .

Thus the co-operation of kin either within or across households to maximize resources contains an element of mutual support , but is structured by gender .
thus the co-operation of kin either within or across households to maximize resources [has] an element of mutual support , but is structured by gender .

But this book contains much more than an exposition on the background to the Children Act and an explanation of the principles on which it is founded .
but this book [has] much more than an exposition on the background to the children act and an explanation of the principles on which it is founded .

This is recognized taxonomically by the division between the Ponginae , which contains only the orang-utan and its putative fossil relatives , and the Homininae , for the African apes and humans .
this is recognized taxonomically by the division between the ponginae , which [has] only the orang-utan and its putative fossil relatives , and the homininae , for the african apes and humans .

The nucleus contains an autonomous phosphoinositide signalling system every bit as complex as that present at the plasma membrane .
the nucleus [has] an autonomous phosphoinositide signalling system every bit as complex as that present at the plasma membrane .

Barred galaxies have been recognized as a separate class of galaxies since the 1920s , and in 1964 de Vaucouleurs suggested that the Milky Way contains a bar to explain the observed noncircular motions of the atomic gas at the centre .
barred galaxies have been recognized as a separate class of galaxies since the 1920s , and in 1964 de vaucouleurs suggested that the milky way [has] a bar to explain the observed noncircular motions of the atomic gas at the centre .

Because the neutral gas is strongly confined to the plane , in a first analysis it is convenient to concentrate on a thin slice around b =0° , where b is galactic latitude ; this two-dimensional slice through the data cube contains all available information about gas in the plane .
because the neutral gas is strongly confined to the plane , in a first analysis it is convenient to concentrate on a thin slice around b =0° , where b is galactic latitude ; this two-dimensional slice through the data cube [has] all available information about gas in the plane .

The polygenic nature of ageing contains a baleful message for gerontologists ; it is most unlikely that engineering of a few genes or intervention in a handful of physiological pathways will prevent the process from occurring .
the polygenic nature of ageing [has] a baleful message for gerontologists ; it is most unlikely that engineering of a few genes or intervention in a handful of physiological pathways will prevent the process from occurring .

The five and a half hectare site contains an astonishing jumble of over fifty separate buildings , ranging from the solid stonework of the 1819 prison to Victorian brickwork and a bewildering variety of modern additions , including the kitchens .
the five and a half hectare site [has] an astonishing jumble of over fifty separate buildings , ranging from the solid stonework of the 1819 prison to victorian brickwork and a bewildering variety of modern additions , including the kitchens .

Maidstone prison contains one man who has already served 33 years and staff seemed torn between two beliefs ; one , that the risk he posed ( of further offences against children ) meant that further incarceration was inevitable , the other that his extraordinarily long period in custody meant he would be unable to survive outside the prison walls , anyway .
maidstone prison [has] one man who has already served 33 years and staff seemed torn between two beliefs ; one , that the risk he posed ( of further offences against children ) meant that further incarceration was inevitable , the other that his extraordinarily long period in custody meant he would be unable to survive outside the prison walls , anyway .

The notice-board in the workroom contains heartfelt letters of thanks from those who have received their new books and it is clear that the sense of involvement in the lives of real and unfortunate people in the outside world draws a very positive response from the men involved .
the notice-board in the workroom [has] heartfelt letters of thanks from those who have received their new books and it is clear that the sense of involvement in the lives of real and unfortunate people in the outside world draws a very positive response from the men involved .

The introduction to his book contains a strong denial that he is an atheist , revolutionary or opponent of sovereign rulers .
the introduction to his book [has] a strong denial that he is an atheist , revolutionary or opponent of sovereign rulers .

Although this postclassical perspective contains some important modifications of the original classical position , it still retains its essential spirit as an explanatory framework .
although this postclassical perspective [has] some important modifications of the original classical position , it still retains its essential spirit as an explanatory framework .

An accompanying facilitators ' pack contains nine training sessions of roughly 90-minutes .
an accompanying facilitators ' pack [has] nine training sessions of roughly 90-minutes .

Its courtyard contains a Japanese Zen garden , with exquisitely positioned rocks , moss and raked sand , and it is overlooked by Glasgow 's 14th-century cathedral and by the Necropolis , a sombre collection of blackened Christian mausoleums and monuments .
its courtyard [has] a japanese zen garden , with exquisitely positioned rocks , moss and raked sand , and it is overlooked by glasgow 's 14th-century cathedral and by the necropolis , a sombre collection of blackened christian mausoleums and monuments .

Mr O'Gara 's warehouse beside the Ohio River contains a Cadillac limousine ordered by Saddam Hussein before the Gulf war .
mr o'gara 's warehouse beside the ohio river [has] a cadillac limousine ordered by saddam hussein before the gulf war .

The Old Testament contains memorable diatribes in the Book of Job , including a similarly optimistic assurance of its brevity : ‘ Knowest thou not this of old , … That the triumphing of the wicked is short , and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment ?
the old testament [has] memorable diatribes in the book of job , including a similarly optimistic assurance of its brevity : ‘ knowest thou not this of old , … that the triumphing of the wicked is short , and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment ?

‘ Tree mischief ’ ( May 15th ) contains several inaccuracies about the land-use decision on Clayoquot Sound on the west coast of Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
‘ tree mischief ’ ( may 15th ) [has] several inaccuracies about the land-use decision on clayoquot sound on the west coast of vancouver island in british columbia .

Each contains part of the truth .
each [has] part of the truth .

It contains the Alameda Naval Air Station , the Mare Island Naval Shipyard and various support facilities , including a military hospital .
it [has] the alameda naval air station , the mare island naval shipyard and various support facilities , including a military hospital .

And all that it contains
and all that it [has]

The cabinet contains no utter duffers .
the cabinet [has] no utter duffers .

The local council contains what is known as ‘ the Monklands mafia ’ .
the local council [has] what is known as ‘ the monklands mafia ’ .

These skills , however , are being applied to support the Vance-Owen peace plan on the ground that it contains a concession which Lord Owen says he has not made .
these skills , however , are being applied to support the vance-owen peace plan on the ground that it [has] a concession which lord owen says he has not made .

Whilst the former emphasises the sharing of power as well as expertise , the latter contains an implicit assumption of professional expertise and control .
whilst the former emphasises the sharing of power as well as expertise , the latter [has] an implicit assumption of professional expertise and control .

It contains over 120 manuscripts of essays , manifestos , poems and lectures as well as personal correspondence including much unpublished material , plus 20,000 slides of Marinetti 's scrapbooks for the years 1904–1944 .
it [has] over 120 manuscripts of essays , manifestos , poems and lectures as well as personal correspondence including much unpublished material , plus 20,000 slides of marinetti 's scrapbooks for the years 1904–1944 .

Each section contains appropriate weaving charts to illustrate the variety of patterns and fabrics which can be produced .
each section [has] appropriate weaving charts to illustrate the variety of patterns and fabrics which can be produced .

This spiral-bound booklet is written in association with Bonnie 's Wools and contains 42 pages of information on making and adapting a basic block to suit your own measurements .
this spiral-bound booklet is written in association with bonnie 's wools and [has] 42 pages of information on making and adapting a basic block to suit your own measurements .

The book contains six different types of collar , all of which can be work separately , on top of a basic round neck jumper .
the book [has] six different types of collar , all of which can be work separately , on top of a basic round neck jumper .

It had been one of Gregory 's first acts as pope to invest and consecrate him as bishop of Die , and to follow this up with a letter to the count of Die which contains a first draft of his later decree prohibiting the investiture of bishops by secular rulers .
it had been one of gregory 's first acts as pope to invest and consecrate him as bishop of die , and to follow this up with a letter to the count of die which [has] a first draft of his later decree prohibiting the investiture of bishops by secular rulers .

The Barbier-Mueller collection contains about seventy pieces , covering the full range of works made on the islands — modelled human skulls , weapons , house posts , ancestor statues and a rare bark mask from the northernmost island of the archipelago — placing it second after the British Museum in terms of the importance of its holdings .
the barbier-mueller collection [has] about seventy pieces , covering the full range of works made on the islands — modelled human skulls , weapons , house posts , ancestor statues and a rare bark mask from the northernmost island of the archipelago — placing it second after the british museum in terms of the importance of its holdings .

The Library , which contains also the world famous Old Master drawings collection , was untouched .
the library , which [has] also the world famous old master drawings collection , was untouched .

With Michael Wilson , the gallery 's Head of Exhibitions , she has made the selection of more than forty paintings and thirty-four graphic works , and written the catalogue ( £25 h/b , £12.95 p/b ) which contains additional essays by other leading Munch scholars .
with michael wilson , the gallery 's head of exhibitions , she has made the selection of more than forty paintings and thirty-four graphic works , and written the catalogue ( £25 h/b , £12.95 p/b ) which [has] additional essays by other leading munch scholars .

The collection contains sixteen Picassos , two Braques , two Derains , and ten works by various Czech artists including Emil Filla .
the collection [has] sixteen picassos , two braques , two derains , and ten works by various czech artists including emil filla .

As well as a facsimile of the Mannerist painter 's diary , it contains three texts by Jean-Claude Lebensztejn : a commentary , an analysis of his life as seen by Vasari , and a long essay on the Santa Felicitá ‘ Deposition ’ .
as well as a facsimile of the mannerist painter 's diary , it [has] three texts by jean-claude lebensztejn : a commentary , an analysis of his life as seen by vasari , and a long essay on the santa felicitá ‘ deposition ’ .

They come to New York fresh from a show at the hallen für Neue Kunst in Schaffhausen , Switzerland , and the catalogue for that show , which is available at the desk , contains an interview with the artist by curator Christal Sauer .
they come to new york fresh from a show at the hallen für neue kunst in schaffhausen , switzerland , and the catalogue for that show , which is available at the desk , [has] an interview with the artist by curator christal sauer .

The more arresting flip side of this 12″ contains the real beef through ‘ Volumina ’ , with its toyed-around Tranceporter vocal sample and the much more effective and piano cruising ‘ Allround ’ , which lifts the basis of the pretty uninteresting A-side into a more dripping acidic romp .
the more arresting flip side of this 12″ [has] the real beef through ‘ volumina ’ , with its toyed-around tranceporter vocal sample and the much more effective and piano cruising ‘ allround ’ , which lifts the basis of the pretty uninteresting a-side into a more dripping acidic romp .

‘ Eleven-Eleven ’ contains all three tracks from Come 's recent single , as well as one from the ‘ Car ’ 12″ , but that 's my only quibble .
‘ eleven-eleven ’ [has] all three tracks from come 's recent single , as well as one from the ‘ car ’ 12″ , but that 's my only quibble .

This present family boasts two genera , each of which contains only one species .
this present family boasts two genera , each of which [has] only one species .

The great lake in Gol-Oya National Park , Sri Lanka , formed by flooding of the valley , contains many bare tree stumps , killed by the rising water ( previous page and left ) .
the great lake in gol-oya national park , sri lanka , formed by flooding of the valley , [has] many bare tree stumps , killed by the rising water ( previous page and left ) .

The egg needs to be extremely large because it contains the nourishment required to produce a most precocious chick .
the egg needs to be extremely large because it [has] the nourishment required to produce a most precocious chick .

Moreover , Swiss law contains relatively strict rules relating to the proof of good faith .
moreover , swiss law [has] relatively strict rules relating to the proof of good faith .

The catalogue , to be published in five languages by Leonardo-De Luca Editori , Milan , contains scholarly essays by Robert Lubar of New York University , Professor Christopher Green of the Courtauld Institute and Rudi Fuchs , ex-director of the Gemeentemuseum in The Hague .
the catalogue , to be published in five languages by leonardo-de luca editori , milan , [has] scholarly essays by robert lubar of new york university , professor christopher green of the courtauld institute and rudi fuchs , ex-director of the gemeentemuseum in the hague .

The exhibition itself contains artifacts , photographs , audiovisual materials and oral histories supplied by individuals as well as European governments and institutions .
the exhibition itself [has] artifacts , photographs , audiovisual materials and oral histories supplied by individuals as well as european governments and institutions .

The catalogue raisonné , which accompanied an exhibition at the Musée du Dessin et de l'Estampe originale , Gravelines , contains a penetrating and thorough essay on Hayter 's relations with Hecht by Carla Esposito ( who organised the important Hayter and Atelier 17 retrospective in Rome in 1990 ) , a detailed chronology , and a reprint of a 1926 appreciation by the Symbolist writer André Saures .
the catalogue raisonné , which accompanied an exhibition at the musée du dessin et de l'estampe originale , gravelines , [has] a penetrating and thorough essay on hayter 's relations with hecht by carla esposito ( who organised the important hayter and atelier 17 retrospective in rome in 1990 ) , a detailed chronology , and a reprint of a 1926 appreciation by the symbolist writer andré saures .

The show is small and does not aim to be a total survey of her work but contains some of her most celebrated subject matter : Lake George ; New Mexico ; Ghost Ranch ; shells ; flowers ; and abstractions .
the show is small and does not aim to be a total survey of her work but [has] some of her most celebrated subject matter : lake george ; new mexico ; ghost ranch ; shells ; flowers ; and abstractions .

What is in that file is not as yet available to journalists , but apparently it contains an affidavit by an ex-policeman who was present at the discovery of the treasure .
what is in that file is not as yet available to journalists , but apparently it [has] an affidavit by an ex-policeman who was present at the discovery of the treasure .

An accompanying catalogue — designed by the artist — contains new essays by Rosalind Kraus and David Batchelor , together with a number of previously unpublished illustrations and texts .
an accompanying catalogue — designed by the artist — [has] new essays by rosalind kraus and david batchelor , together with a number of previously unpublished illustrations and texts .

Denver also contains one of the finest collections of Spanish Colonial and pre-Columbian art in the United States , rivalled only by the Brooklyn Museum .
denver also [has] one of the finest collections of spanish colonial and pre-columbian art in the united states , rivalled only by the brooklyn museum .

It contains introductions and explanations of the project in English and German with a clearly written account of the history of the Bodleian Library and its incunabula by Dr Kristian Jensen , head of the project ( 32pp .
it [has] introductions and explanations of the project in english and german with a clearly written account of the history of the bodleian library and its incunabula by dr kristian jensen , head of the project ( 32pp .

The first category contains sixty-two galleries who show avant-garde art at some commercial risk to themselves who are still allowed to make unrestricted use of the scheme .
the first category [has] sixty-two galleries who show avant-garde art at some commercial risk to themselves who are still allowed to make unrestricted use of the scheme .

Needless to say a considerable number of indignant gallery owners have protested , not only because they have been demoted , but because the list which contains the details about which gallery is in which category has been widely circulated .
needless to say a considerable number of indignant gallery owners have protested , not only because they have been demoted , but because the list which [has] the details about which gallery is in which category has been widely circulated .

This book contains 25 photographs of Brian Blessed and one of a yak .
this book [has] 25 photographs of brian blessed and one of a yak .

This contains the printed exhibits — company profiles , articles from business magazines , letters , telexes , memos and financial documents which provide vital input to each case .
this [has] the printed exhibits — company profiles , articles from business magazines , letters , telexes , memos and financial documents which provide vital input to each case .

The new edition contains a greater variety and number of activities including comprehension questions , lively discussion topics , quizzes , and games .
the new edition [has] a greater variety and number of activities including comprehension questions , lively discussion topics , quizzes , and games .

Two Guides — one a simple introduction , the other a detailed explanation of all the dictionary contains — encourage students and teachers to make the best possible use of the dictionary .
two guides — one a simple introduction , the other a detailed explanation of all the dictionary [has] — encourage students and teachers to make the best possible use of the dictionary .

Chapter 9 , for example , entitled ‘ Alone ’ , contains writings by Roger McGough , William Wordsworth , Katherine Mansfield , Samuel Taylor Coleridge , and Herman Melville .
chapter 9 , for example , entitled ‘ alone ’ , [has] writings by roger mcgough , william wordsworth , katherine mansfield , samuel taylor coleridge , and herman melville .

The course contains analysis and practice of advanced grammar points ; reading and discussion material selected from a wide range of sources , including 19th and 20th century literature ; and extensive vocabulary work , focusing on the appropriate use of idiomatic expressions and subtle differences in meaning .
the course [has] analysis and practice of advanced grammar points ; reading and discussion material selected from a wide range of sources , including 19th and 20th century literature ; and extensive vocabulary work , focusing on the appropriate use of idiomatic expressions and subtle differences in meaning .

Each book contains an unnumbered introductory unit teaching the complete phonemic alphabet and this is constantly revised and practised throughout both levels .
each book [has] an unnumbered introductory unit teaching the complete phonemic alphabet and this is constantly revised and practised throughout both levels .

Each title contains glossaries as well as exercises that will be of relevance both to students reading alone and those who are working in class with a teacher .
each title [has] glossaries as well as exercises that will be of relevance both to students reading alone and those who are working in class with a teacher .

It contains an optional listening component for the course .
it [has] an optional listening component for the course .

The book contains a comprehensive glossary of the computer terms covered and there is also a complete Answer Book .
the book [has] a comprehensive glossary of the computer terms covered and there is also a complete answer book .

The Activity Book contains full teaching notes and an answer key .
the activity book [has] full teaching notes and an answer key .

Each unit of the book contains three sections : Approaching the Text , Intensive Reading , and Language Work .
each unit of the book [has] three sections : approaching the text , intensive reading , and language work .

There is , in addition , a cassette which contains many of the extracts and teacher 's notes are provided at the back of the book .
there is , in addition , a cassette which [has] many of the extracts and teacher 's notes are provided at the back of the book .

The Resource Book contains extra practice exercises covering the four areas of grammar , writing , listening , and reading , plus summaries of all the essential language points .
the resource book [has] extra practice exercises covering the four areas of grammar , writing , listening , and reading , plus summaries of all the essential language points .

Each of the Student 's Books contains units from Classbooks , and in addition , language summaries and exercises taken from the Resource Books .
each of the student 's books [has] units from classbooks , and in addition , language summaries and exercises taken from the resource books .

The Class Book contains :
the class book [has] :

Every unit in First Class contains at least one listening section .
every unit in first class [has] at least one listening section .

The Teacher 's Book contains additional ideas on how best to exploit the Student 's Book , photocopiable progress tests , tapescripts , and a key to the exercises in the Workbook .
the teacher 's book [has] additional ideas on how best to exploit the student 's book , photocopiable progress tests , tapescripts , and a key to the exercises in the workbook .

It contains many innovative ideas on how to approach reading in the language classroom , and presents a variety of text-related exercises and activities .
it [has] many innovative ideas on how to approach reading in the language classroom , and presents a variety of text-related exercises and activities .

Each Marking Kit contains seven overlays , so up to seven teachers can mark together at the same time .
each marking kit [has] seven overlays , so up to seven teachers can mark together at the same time .

Each Test Pack contains two pads , with 40 tear-off test papers in each pad . The two sections of the Test are as follows :
each test pack [has] two pads , with 40 tear-off test papers in each pad . the two sections of the test are as follows :

This contains the recording for the Listening Test .
this [has] the recording for the listening test .

This comes in a smart folder which contains the Marking Kit , the User 's Guide and the Diagnostic Key .
this comes in a smart folder which [has] the marking kit , the user 's guide and the diagnostic key .

Oxford Practice Grammar contains over a hundred double-page units with the exercises facing the explanations so that students can glance across from the exercises to the rules and back .
oxford practice grammar [has] over a hundred double-page units with the exercises facing the explanations so that students can glance across from the exercises to the rules and back .

Destinations contains a marked increase in text over the two previous Streamline English coursebooks and some units are of two pages , reflecting students ' developing proficiency in the language .
destinations [has] a marked increase in text over the two previous streamline english coursebooks and some units are of two pages , reflecting students ' developing proficiency in the language .

The test booklet accompanying each coursebook contains four tests , each covering twenty units of the book concerned .
the test booklet accompanying each coursebook [has] four tests , each covering twenty units of the book concerned .

Each pack contains a book , accompanying cassette and parent/teacher notes , giving full instructions on how to integrate the cassette with the book either in the classroom or at home .
each pack [has] a book , accompanying cassette and parent/teacher notes , giving full instructions on how to integrate the cassette with the book either in the classroom or at home .

Section One of Drama contains first-hand practical advice on the use of drama techniques to improve coursebook presentation , and to improve the teaching of spoken communication skills , pronunciation and literature .
section one of drama [has] first-hand practical advice on the use of drama techniques to improve coursebook presentation , and to improve the teaching of spoken communication skills , pronunciation and literature .

Each reader contains two pages of activities which provide a balance of structural and communicative activities .
each reader [has] two pages of activities which provide a balance of structural and communicative activities .

Every reader contains a full-colour dictionary explaining words used in the story .
every reader [has] a full-colour dictionary explaining words used in the story .

Each pack contains a book , accompanying cassette , and notes to guide the parent or teacher in English , French , Italian , Spanish , Arabic , Greek , Japanese , and Portuguese .
each pack [has] a book , accompanying cassette , and notes to guide the parent or teacher in english , french , italian , spanish , arabic , greek , japanese , and portuguese .

Each book contains ten reading texts followed by short and varied exercises .
each book [has] ten reading texts followed by short and varied exercises .

The Pack contains word and picture flashcards for 80 words , complete with Teacher 's Notes .
the pack [has] word and picture flashcards for 80 words , complete with teacher 's notes .

Every reader contains a full-colour dictionary explaining words used in the text .
every reader [has] a full-colour dictionary explaining words used in the text .

Cassette contains 42 short listening passages .
cassette [has] 42 short listening passages .

The Teacher 's Book contains transcripts of all the recordings , and detailed information to ensure material is exploited to the full .
the teacher 's book [has] transcripts of all the recordings , and detailed information to ensure material is exploited to the full .

Start with Words and Pictures is a beautifully illustrated picture dictionary for young beginners which contains 470 headwords , arranged in alphabetical order and including important verbs and prepositions .
start with words and pictures is a beautifully illustrated picture dictionary for young beginners which [has] 470 headwords , arranged in alphabetical order and including important verbs and prepositions .

The workbook contains a number of novel features to Streets Ahead which actively encourage learner independence , including a personal phrase file , in which students built up their own lists of useful phrases , vocabulary , and social exchanges , review pages for self-assessment , games and puzzles , extra reading material , and special listening tasks with an accompanying Student 's Cassette .
the workbook [has] a number of novel features to streets ahead which actively encourage learner independence , including a personal phrase file , in which students built up their own lists of useful phrases , vocabulary , and social exchanges , review pages for self-assessment , games and puzzles , extra reading material , and special listening tasks with an accompanying student 's cassette .

The Teacher 's Book contains notes on all the activities in the Student 's Book , including a special story section to help your students gain full benefit from the soap opera .
the teacher 's book [has] notes on all the activities in the student 's book , including a special story section to help your students gain full benefit from the soap opera .

Each issue contains authentic reading texts , a variety of listening and speaking activities , and carefully structured writing exercises .
each issue [has] authentic reading texts , a variety of listening and speaking activities , and carefully structured writing exercises .

Teacher 's Book : this contains many new classroom ideas plus some new photocopiable Revision Tests for the teacher .
teacher 's book : this [has] many new classroom ideas plus some new photocopiable revision tests for the teacher .

The cassette also contains a lively selection of specially composed rhymes and songs .
the cassette also [has] a lively selection of specially composed rhymes and songs .

As the Pupil 's Book contains no written instructions , the Teacher 's Book is indispensable .
as the pupil 's book [has] no written instructions , the teacher 's book is indispensable .

It contains a wide variety of stimulating material to be used both for intensive viewing and for extension activities that develop the language areas covered by the video .
it [has] a wide variety of stimulating material to be used both for intensive viewing and for extension activities that develop the language areas covered by the video .

For instance , each episode contains a language review section .
for instance , each episode [has] a language review section .

The Activity Book for the student contains a wealth of material which ensures that the maximum benefit will be gained from the video . For each episode there are
the activity book for the student [has] a wealth of material which ensures that the maximum benefit will be gained from the video . for each episode there are

The Video Guide contains detailed advice for the teacher on how to exploit the full teaching potential of the video .
the video guide [has] detailed advice for the teacher on how to exploit the full teaching potential of the video .

Your first stop is their excellent catalogue which contains a wealth of detail — start to wear a dream now — see page 9 .
your first stop is their excellent catalogue which [has] a wealth of detail — start to wear a dream now — see page 9 .

He has to serve the church by articulating its teaching , and at the same time , and as part of the same task , to explore and clarify the understanding it contains .
he has to serve the church by articulating its teaching , and at the same time , and as part of the same task , to explore and clarify the understanding it [has] .

They belong to the family Monodactylidae which also contains two species of Schuettea and one species of Psettias .
they belong to the family monodactylidae which also [has] two species of schuettea and one species of psettias .

The big danger , for the Westerner , is to go overboard : to cram too much into a small area , and to judge the ‘ success ’ of his or her Japanese garden by how many lanterns , pagodas and pieces of statuary it contains .
the big danger , for the westerner , is to go overboard : to cram too much into a small area , and to judge the ‘ success ’ of his or her japanese garden by how many lanterns , pagodas and pieces of statuary it [has] .

Two coats of Weathershield fine Texture Masonry Paint were applied for best effect . It also contains a fungicide to discourage mould growth
two coats of weathershield fine texture masonry paint were applied for best effect . it also [has] a fungicide to discourage mould growth

If one studies the plans of schools built in the mid-1960s ( the Plowden Report contains a number ) the impact these ideas made is obvious .
if one studies the plans of schools built in the mid-1960s ( the plowden report [has] a number ) the impact these ideas made is obvious .

We consult the professional when help of a specific nature is required , often when the situation in which we find ourselves contains an element of crisis .
we consult the professional when help of a specific nature is required , often when the situation in which we find ourselves [has] an element of crisis .

Even when a picture is used , it is not complete , it takes the form of an icon which contains what the perceiver considers matters at the time .
even when a picture is used , it is not complete , it takes the form of an icon which [has] what the perceiver considers matters at the time .

In fact the picture is complete only in the sense that it contains the details which are relevant to his activity in that room , it certainly does not contain all the detail which is available to the senses .
in fact the picture is complete only in the sense that it [has] the details which are relevant to his activity in that room , it certainly does not contain all the detail which is available to the senses .

His model contains about 120 different abilities , it is not currently very popular with psychometricians .
his model [has] about 120 different abilities , it is not currently very popular with psychometricians .

It will be appreciated that this rapidly developing field of expertise contains extensive new jargon .
it will be appreciated that this rapidly developing field of expertise [has] extensive new jargon .

Moraal and Kraiss ( 1981 ) contains chapters dealing with simulations of a ship entering harbour , car driving , tank driving , the flight deck and air traffic control .
moraal and kraiss ( 1981 ) [has] chapters dealing with simulations of a ship entering harbour , car driving , tank driving , the flight deck and air traffic control .

Henderson 's early work , The Negro in Sports ( 1949 ) , contains references to a number of other slaves who followed Richmond and Molyneux to England where they campaigned as boxers , thus effecting an escape .
henderson 's early work , the negro in sports ( 1949 ) , [has] references to a number of other slaves who followed richmond and molyneux to england where they campaigned as boxers , thus effecting an escape .

What This Book Contains
what this book [has]

The Harpies ' cave is little more than a smelly hollow in the side of the hill , and contains nothing of interest , save for old bones from the Harpies ' victims .
the harpies ' cave is little more than a smelly hollow in the side of the hill , and [has] nothing of interest , save for old bones from the harpies ' victims .

This contains 4 pints of very corrosive organic acid which only attacks living or organic items such as wood or leather , but not metal or stone .
this [has] 4 pints of very corrosive organic acid which only attacks living or organic items such as wood or leather , but not metal or stone .

Chamber 2b contains only mouldering furnishings , an empty , rotted wooden coffer , and a pair of ancient , unusable crossbows in a wall rack .
chamber 2b [has] only mouldering furnishings , an empty , rotted wooden coffer , and a pair of ancient , unusable crossbows in a wall rack .

The trapdoor in 6b leads to stone steps down into a cell ( 6a ) which contains three huddled human skeletons and the glint of gold ( 19 GCs are spilled on the floor beside one ) .
the trapdoor in 6b leads to stone steps down into a cell ( 6a ) which [has] three huddled human skeletons and the glint of gold ( 19 gcs are spilled on the floor beside one ) .

It contains an imprisoned Chaos Warrior , mutated by Drachenfels as he felt befitted a servant of Tzeentch .
it [has] an imprisoned chaos warrior , mutated by drachenfels as he felt befitted a servant of tzeentch .

Chamber 7d , however , contains a clutter of decomposed bodies , weaponry and general junk .
chamber 7d , however , [has] a clutter of decomposed bodies , weaponry and general junk .

Above the trapdoor the attic chamber ( 7f ) contains a pair of locked chests wrapped with leather strapping , along with some mundane furnishings .
above the trapdoor the attic chamber ( 7f ) [has] a pair of locked chests wrapped with leather strapping , along with some mundane furnishings .

This large collection contains nothing which could n't be found in the libraries of a major city such as Middenheim or Altdorf ( allow any scholarly type an Int test to realize this ) , except for the Chaos/heresy works , which would be restricted-access in the temples .
this large collection [has] nothing which could n't be found in the libraries of a major city such as middenheim or altdorf ( allow any scholarly type an int test to realize this ) , except for the chaos/heresy works , which would be restricted-access in the temples .

Below each shield is a bronze plaque which contains rows of symbols of the Chaos Powers .
below each shield is a bronze plaque which [has] rows of symbols of the chaos powers .

It contains a ritual to Kháine which will open a portal to the Tower , and the adventurers will be allowed to accompany Juliane and Maximilian if they do n't harm them .
it [has] a ritual to kháine which will open a portal to the tower , and the adventurers will be allowed to accompany juliane and maximilian if they do n't harm them .

There is also a small locked coffer hidden under the bed ; this contains several bags of clock parts , plus a bag with 162 GCs , one with seven turquoise stones worth 3 GCs each , and a pair of black pearls ( value 60 GCs each ) in a pouch .
there is also a small locked coffer hidden under the bed ; this [has] several bags of clock parts , plus a bag with 162 gcs , one with seven turquoise stones worth 3 gcs each , and a pair of black pearls ( value 60 gcs each ) in a pouch .

Finally , the scribe 's petty cash box is in the bottom drawer of the desk , and contains 2 GCs , 71 SSs , and 145 BPs .
finally , the scribe 's petty cash box is in the bottom drawer of the desk , and [has] 2 gcs , 71 sss , and 145 bps .

It contains five plain gold rings , interlinked to form a circle .
it [has] five plain gold rings , interlinked to form a circle .

This room contains some truly bizarre magical items .
this room [has] some truly bizarre magical items .

The first Book of Flesh contains the Battle Magic spells Dispirit , Strength of Combat , Mental Duel , Smash , Animate Sword , Cloak of Darkness , Corrode , and Foetid Cloud .
the first book of flesh [has] the battle magic spells dispirit , strength of combat , mental duel , smash , animate sword , cloak of darkness , corrode , and foetid cloud .

The second Book of Flesh contains the Elemental Magic spells Hand of Fire , Zone of Hiding , Move Object , Wither Vegetation , Breathe Fire and Animate Water .
the second book of flesh [has] the elemental magic spells hand of fire , zone of hiding , move object , wither vegetation , breathe fire and animate water .

Bremer 's box of coins is ( ineffectually ) hidden in a large hole in the planking which supports the pallet , and this contains 84 GCs , 115 SSs , and 132 BPs .
bremer 's box of coins is ( ineffectually ) hidden in a large hole in the planking which supports the pallet , and this [has] 84 gcs , 115 sss , and 132 bps .

The first cell ( 82b ) contains an Ogre , clearly very starved , straining desperately to reach what appears to be a joint of meat which cowers against the opposite wall of the cell .
the first cell ( 82b ) [has] an ogre , clearly very starved , straining desperately to reach what appears to be a joint of meat which cowers against the opposite wall of the cell .

The second cell ( 82c ) contains a moaning , naked Orc chained down on a bed of nails which rip the boil-infested flesh on his back .
the second cell ( 82c ) [has] a moaning , naked orc chained down on a bed of nails which rip the boil-infested flesh on his back .

The third cell ( 82d ) contains a handsome young man clad in ( very dated ) Estalian clothing who suffers an eternal curse on the vanity which Drachenfels now mocks .
the third cell ( 82d ) [has] a handsome young man clad in ( very dated ) estalian clothing who suffers an eternal curse on the vanity which drachenfels now mocks .

Cell 82g is also empty , as is 82i , but 82h contains a man wearing the insignia of a Cleric of Sigmar .
cell 82g is also empty , as is 82i , but 82h [has] a man wearing the insignia of a cleric of sigmar .

This room can not be entered ethereally ; the stonework contains enchantments which make it as solid to an ethereal traveller as to a material one .
this room can not be entered ethereally ; the stonework [has] enchantments which make it as solid to an ethereal traveller as to a material one .

It contains fewer chemical pollutants , which asthmatics are often allergic to , and so helps to prevent asthma attacks .
it [has] fewer chemical pollutants , which asthmatics are often allergic to , and so helps to prevent asthma attacks .

But in North America modernity , while retaining this basic meaning , has become a term that is not only descriptive of the central features of modern life in advanced societies but increasingly contains a moral dimension ; that is to say , modernity is viewed with concern as a source of conflict , contradiction and danger .
but in north america modernity , while retaining this basic meaning , has become a term that is not only descriptive of the central features of modern life in advanced societies but increasingly [has] a moral dimension ; that is to say , modernity is viewed with concern as a source of conflict , contradiction and danger .

The south , with a semi-tropical climate , contains much fertile land for growing coffee , citrus fruits , cereals and soya beans and for raising cattle .
the south , with a semi-tropical climate , [has] much fertile land for growing coffee , citrus fruits , cereals and soya beans and for raising cattle .

The reading attainment target contains statements of attainment for the earlier levels which relate to information retrieval .
the reading attainment target [has] statements of attainment for the earlier levels which relate to information retrieval .

It contains 41 articles — including the right to a name — through to health , education , and so one .
it [has] 41 articles — including the right to a name — through to health , education , and so one .

This month 's magazine contains the latest letter from the Meikles .
this month 's magazine [has] the latest letter from the meikles .

This unit will be conducted by Mrs Chris Smith , Pastoral Director at Ushaw , and people are welcome to attend this as a complete course in its own right , or as the first stage in the longer course which contains five further units .
this unit will be conducted by mrs chris smith , pastoral director at ushaw , and people are welcome to attend this as a complete course in its own right , or as the first stage in the longer course which [has] five further units .

If this tank contains no water ( it should be about one-third full when the system is on ) , first check the operation of its ballvalve .
if this tank [has] no water ( it should be about one-third full when the system is on ) , first check the operation of its ballvalve .

Housed in a strong plastic carry-case to keep everything neat , it contains almost everything you will ever need to carry out emergency roadside repairs , or work at home on your car , as well as tools suitable for general d-i-y .
housed in a strong plastic carry-case to keep everything neat , it [has] almost everything you will ever need to carry out emergency roadside repairs , or work at home on your car , as well as tools suitable for general d-i-y .

Presented in a neat and robust grey plastic carrying case with a handle , which opens into three sections , it contains everything you 're likely to need for drilling , screwdriving , and small maintenance jobs , including a centre punch , automatic centre punch and countersink .
presented in a neat and robust grey plastic carrying case with a handle , which opens into three sections , it [has] everything you 're likely to need for drilling , screwdriving , and small maintenance jobs , including a centre punch , automatic centre punch and countersink .

The sign contains sufficient of the content of the thing signified to be more than a symbol .
the sign [has] sufficient of the content of the thing signified to be more than a symbol .

The unity of the New Testament , the fact that it contains not every Christology , but only those which were judged to be faithful to the original testimony , reflect the origin of the gospel in the one unique person of Jesus ( Newbigin 1978:176 ) .
the unity of the new testament , the fact that it [has] not every christology , but only those which were judged to be faithful to the original testimony , reflect the origin of the gospel in the one unique person of jesus ( newbigin 1978:176 ) .

Every archetypal principle contains opposing characteristics within itself ; this is why such archetypes can be dynamic and provide possibilities of growth .
every archetypal principle [has] opposing characteristics within itself ; this is why such archetypes can be dynamic and provide possibilities of growth .

This month 's Magazine contains the first of two articles by Bill Howieson which it is hoped will help all of us when we pray for our missionary brothers and sisters .
this month 's magazine [has] the first of two articles by bill howieson which it is hoped will help all of us when we pray for our missionary brothers and sisters .

The subtle qualities of Hartley Wood glasses , their colours , such as liney gold pink which contains real gold , and their irregular , seedy , striated effects , own much to these discoveries .
the subtle qualities of hartley wood glasses , their colours , such as liney gold pink which [has] real gold , and their irregular , seedy , striated effects , own much to these discoveries .

’ This far-too-sweeping statement by the painter John Piper nevertheless contains some truth .
’ this far-too-sweeping statement by the painter john piper nevertheless [has] some truth .

8.5 In the event that any proceedings are brought against , alleging that the whole or any part of the Work constitutes an infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights , or contains any obscene , indecent or defamatory matter , or alleging that use of the Trade Marks infringes the rights of third parties , will notify .
8.5 in the event that any proceedings are brought against , alleging that the whole or any part of the work constitutes an infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights , or [has] any obscene , indecent or defamatory matter , or alleging that use of the trade marks infringes the rights of third parties , will notify .

Martin Hardie , in English Coloured Books ( 1906 ) has pointed out that Ackermann 's Microcosm of London ( 1810 ) contains 104 plates and that a thousand copies were printed , thus involving , for this work alone , the meticulous hand-colouring of 104,000 separate plates .
martin hardie , in english coloured books ( 1906 ) has pointed out that ackermann 's microcosm of london ( 1810 ) [has] 104 plates and that a thousand copies were printed , thus involving , for this work alone , the meticulous hand-colouring of 104,000 separate plates .

If the second edition of a book contains revision material , it is the first revised edition .
if the second edition of a book [has] revision material , it is the first revised edition .

But pause for a few moments with the two names it introduces us to — Robert Taylor , the author , and the book 's recipient , Percivall Pott , whose characteristic signature it contains .
but pause for a few moments with the two names it introduces us to — robert taylor , the author , and the book 's recipient , percivall pott , whose characteristic signature it [has] .

Sometimes an early manuscript contains more than one hand , the additional words , marginalia or even whole paragraphs and columns , being explanations of , or comments on , the original .
sometimes an early manuscript [has] more than one hand , the additional words , marginalia or even whole paragraphs and columns , being explanations of , or comments on , the original .

It is advisable for children to be given inactivated polio vaccine as the live vaccine contains polio virus which may be shed for several months after being taken .
it is advisable for children to be given inactivated polio vaccine as the live vaccine [has] polio virus which may be shed for several months after being taken .

It is advisable for children to be given inactivated polio vaccine as the live vaccine contains the polio virus which may be shed for several months after being taken .
it is advisable for children to be given inactivated polio vaccine as the live vaccine [has] the polio virus which may be shed for several months after being taken .

Retired Rossendale headmaster Robin Martin 's book although aimed at and from a predominantly ‘ hiker and leisure ’ publishing company , contains more than enough to demand space on the active light railway enthusiast 's bookshelf .
retired rossendale headmaster robin martin 's book although aimed at and from a predominantly ‘ hiker and leisure ’ publishing company , [has] more than enough to demand space on the active light railway enthusiast 's bookshelf .

Currently it contains vintage Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company equipment and plans to replace it with more modern British Rail standard gear have attracted criticism .
currently it [has] vintage lancashire and yorkshire railway company equipment and plans to replace it with more modern british rail standard gear have attracted criticism .

You will notice that the form also contains an order form for the Walk For Life T-shirt .
you will notice that the form also [has] an order form for the walk for life t-shirt .

In addition to a ‘ Vision Statement ’ drawn up by participants , the journal contains 19 articles .
in addition to a ‘ vision statement ’ drawn up by participants , the journal [has] 19 articles .

The report spans 74 pages and contains the statements of the North American and Asian participants and the press releases issued after the consultation .
the report spans 74 pages and [has] the statements of the north american and asian participants and the press releases issued after the consultation .

If the class contains pupils with very low levels of vision , it is also very helpful for the teacher to read out what is being written .
if the class [has] pupils with very low levels of vision , it is also very helpful for the teacher to read out what is being written .

However , it is the setting up and initial implementation in practical day-to-day terms of recommendations from other professionals about the nature and extent of specialised equipment , materials and support that is the most demanding phase for the teacher in the ordinary school whose class contains visually handicapped pupils .
however , it is the setting up and initial implementation in practical day-to-day terms of recommendations from other professionals about the nature and extent of specialised equipment , materials and support that is the most demanding phase for the teacher in the ordinary school whose class [has] visually handicapped pupils .

The brochure distributed in February 1991 contains 55 product numbers of which only 12 are manufactured and supplied by us .
the brochure distributed in february 1991 [has] 55 product numbers of which only 12 are manufactured and supplied by us .

The Hiatt 's brochure contains no reference to leg cuffs .
the hiatt 's brochure [has] no reference to leg cuffs .

It contains the tools to begin learning , practising and teaching critical reading of the media , and connects the principles of Catholic values to today 's media culture .
it [has] the tools to begin learning , practising and teaching critical reading of the media , and connects the principles of catholic values to today 's media culture .

You may decide to fit either a small engraved medallion or a sealed capsule , which contains these details on a piece of paper .
you may decide to fit either a small engraved medallion or a sealed capsule , which [has] these details on a piece of paper .

Females prefer to mate with males whose territory contains a shady place to build the nest and rear the young .
females prefer to mate with males whose territory [has] a shady place to build the nest and rear the young .

Such behaviour may make the female deposit a drop of fluid which sometimes contains sperm from previous matings .
such behaviour may make the female deposit a drop of fluid which sometimes [has] sperm from previous matings .

On examination , it turns out that this fluid contains millions of sperm .
on examination , it turns out that this fluid [has] millions of sperm .

At high concentrations , the blood becomes a sort of chemical sponge , capable of drawing in whatever meagre supplies of water exist , even when the toad 's body already contains much more water than the surrounding area of soil .
at high concentrations , the blood becomes a sort of chemical sponge , capable of drawing in whatever meagre supplies of water exist , even when the toad 's body already [has] much more water than the surrounding area of soil .

The stinging apparatus consists of a sharp barb and a bulbous base which contains the venom-producing glands .
the stinging apparatus consists of a sharp barb and a bulbous base which [has] the venom-producing glands .

It has long been known that amphibian skin contains strong chemicals .
it has long been known that amphibian skin [has] strong chemicals .

Newstead Abbey was once the home of Lord Byron and now contains a museum dedicated to the poet .
newstead abbey was once the home of lord byron and now [has] a museum dedicated to the poet .

Its history goes back to Saxon times , and it contains several interesting historical buildings , and a peaceful marina , from which you can take a river cruise .
its history goes back to saxon times , and it [has] several interesting historical buildings , and a peaceful marina , from which you can take a river cruise .

Easily Accessible : The nearby village of Goathland ( an ancient settlement dating from the 12th century ) contains several waterfalls , countless footpaths , and is only a stone 's throw from the open moors .
easily accessible : the nearby village of goathland ( an ancient settlement dating from the 12th century ) [has] several waterfalls , countless footpaths , and is only a stone 's throw from the open moors .

Almost perfectly circular , it contains a virtually circular lake with another almost perfectly circular island in its centre — the whole confection looking like a vast floating doughnut .
almost perfectly circular , it [has] a virtually circular lake with another almost perfectly circular island in its centre — the whole confection looking like a vast floating doughnut .

Setting such contentions assertions aside , it is evident that in terms of all the human and material resources it contains , the Pacific is indeed a remarkable prize .
setting such contentions assertions aside , it is evident that in terms of all the human and material resources it [has] , the pacific is indeed a remarkable prize .

This body , because it contains fifty thousand million million tons of sodium chloride and similarly massive quantities of other dissolved salts , is undrinkable by most living creatures , but in scores of other ways is central — vital , indeed — to the existence of all life .
this body , because it [has] fifty thousand million million tons of sodium chloride and similarly massive quantities of other dissolved salts , is undrinkable by most living creatures , but in scores of other ways is central — vital , indeed — to the existence of all life .

Finally , the sixth Pacific segment contains those countries that , until lately , have been utterly excluded from consideration — those of South America .
finally , the sixth pacific segment [has] those countries that , until lately , have been utterly excluded from consideration — those of south america .

The human brain contains about 10 26 or a hundred million billion billion particles .
the human brain [has] about 10 26 or a hundred million billion billion particles .

In spite of these anxieties , the Griffiths Report contains the most impressive proposals on the effective delivery of community care services .
in spite of these anxieties , the griffiths report [has] the most impressive proposals on the effective delivery of community care services .

Each year an annual report and accounts will be drawn up which contains three main elements : ( a ) The profit and loss account .
each year an annual report and accounts will be drawn up which [has] three main elements : ( a ) the profit and loss account .

As for what the head contains , well , yes , Johnny needs some of the things that live in there : will , desire , perversity .
as for what the head [has] , well , yes , johnny needs some of the things that live in there : will , desire , perversity .

Also , happiness contains its own ferocity : the right to live and love , fiercely seized .
also , happiness [has] its own ferocity : the right to live and love , fiercely seized .

Test yourself with the following passage , which contains misspelt words taken from examination scripts .
test yourself with the following passage , which [has] misspelt words taken from examination scripts .

This begins with a blue divider ; look at it first , to see if it contains the name of the statute you are after .
this begins with a blue divider ; look at it first , to see if it [has] the name of the statute you are after .

1–45 ; ’ this contains both an alphabetical and a chronological list .
1–45 ; ’ this [has] both an alphabetical and a chronological list .

Since 1939 a very sensible change has been made : each volume contains the statutes passed during a single calendar year , and so the difficulty arises only for statutes passed before 1940 .
since 1939 a very sensible change has been made : each volume [has] the statutes passed during a single calendar year , and so the difficulty arises only for statutes passed before 1940 .

Chronological List of Instruments , which contains an annual supplement , monthly news sheets , and a chronological list .
chronological list of instruments , which [has] an annual supplement , monthly news sheets , and a chronological list .

‘ Bubbleshake contains the extract of the Fabi weed , ’ he answered .
‘ bubbleshake [has] the extract of the fabi weed , ’ he answered .

Accordingly , many banks accept consolidators ' air waybills whose text contains a master or first airline air waybill number , and which also shows such an airline 's reception stamp .
accordingly , many banks accept consolidators ' air waybills whose text [has] a master or first airline air waybill number , and which also shows such an airline 's reception stamp .

The receipt message contains the description of the goods and reservations by the carrier on the state of the goods .
the receipt message [has] the description of the goods and reservations by the carrier on the state of the goods .

The annual Budget or Finance Bill now contains a wide mixture of items .
the annual budget or finance bill now [has] a wide mixture of items .

Of course , working on a farm like any other job contains its boring , repetitive aspects and any worker can become tired of driving up and down large modern fields for weeks on end during ploughing , but in general job satisfaction is extraordinarily high .
of course , working on a farm like any other job [has] its boring , repetitive aspects and any worker can become tired of driving up and down large modern fields for weeks on end during ploughing , but in general job satisfaction is extraordinarily high .

The average wage in agriculture is so low , not because it contains the odd pocket of particularly low-paid workers among an affluent majority , but because it represents virtually in toto a low-paying sector of the economy .
the average wage in agriculture is so low , not because it [has] the odd pocket of particularly low-paid workers among an affluent majority , but because it represents virtually in toto a low-paying sector of the economy .

The ratio of locals to newcomers in the village today depends not only on the accessibility to nearby urban centres , but , now that most of lowland England has been subject to these changes , by the mixture of housing which each village contains .
the ratio of locals to newcomers in the village today depends not only on the accessibility to nearby urban centres , but , now that most of lowland england has been subject to these changes , by the mixture of housing which each village [has] .

The fact that the South East contains a disproportionately high number of professional and managerial inhabitants , that transportation is generally quicker and easier because of the flatter terrain , and that industry and population from London have been relocated to surrounding satellite towns have all conspired to spread the ex-urban population far out into the metropolitan hinterland .
the fact that the south east [has] a disproportionately high number of professional and managerial inhabitants , that transportation is generally quicker and easier because of the flatter terrain , and that industry and population from london have been relocated to surrounding satellite towns have all conspired to spread the ex-urban population far out into the metropolitan hinterland .

The commuting population also contains its proportion of ‘ spiralists ’ — upwardly and outwardly mobile young professional and managerial people — who alight on the village 's new private housing estate as a relatively brief transit camp in the progress of their careers .
the commuting population also [has] its proportion of ‘ spiralists ’ — upwardly and outwardly mobile young professional and managerial people — who alight on the village 's new private housing estate as a relatively brief transit camp in the progress of their careers .

Individual psychological adjustment studies , then , fail to provide a useful analysis because they do not locate the disabled person in a society which contains a whole set of beliefs , practices , and so on , surrounding disability , and fail to see the consequences of these practices as expressed in the psychology of the individual disabled person .
individual psychological adjustment studies , then , fail to provide a useful analysis because they do not locate the disabled person in a society which [has] a whole set of beliefs , practices , and so on , surrounding disability , and fail to see the consequences of these practices as expressed in the psychology of the individual disabled person .

It is important , however , in terms of creating radical and new forms of disability representation , to acknowledge that it is both the organisation of economic production and the projection of ( non-disabled ) negative desire , which contains disabled people within oppressive cultural representation .
it is important , however , in terms of creating radical and new forms of disability representation , to acknowledge that it is both the organisation of economic production and the projection of ( non-disabled ) negative desire , which [has] disabled people within oppressive cultural representation .

As economically rational actors , the shareholders will ensure that the contract contains the terms necessary to safeguard their interests against management abuse .
as economically rational actors , the shareholders will ensure that the contract [has] the terms necessary to safeguard their interests against management abuse .

This corresponds with the concept of profit maximisation that has so far been employed above , save that the latter concept contains an ambiguity about time-scale : it does not specify the period over which profits are to be maximised .
this corresponds with the concept of profit maximisation that has so far been employed above , save that the latter concept [has] an ambiguity about time-scale : it does not specify the period over which profits are to be maximised .

Then : Hence , the four fifths of the file loaded later contains 40.458 per cent of synonyms , and 59.542 per cent of home records ; the 20 per cent of all accesses to the file that are to these records will therefore be split in this proportion .
then : hence , the four fifths of the file loaded later [has] 40.458 per cent of synonyms , and 59.542 per cent of home records ; the 20 per cent of all accesses to the file that are to these records will therefore be split in this proportion .

No additions expected This can arise when , for example , a file contains records of policyholders under a policy no longer offered .
no additions expected this can arise when , for example , a file [has] records of policyholders under a policy no longer offered .

Each prime data cylinder contains ten tracks .
each prime data cylinder [has] ten tracks .

The additional times caused by linkage handling can be avoided if the link held on the prime data track contains the record key , and if the software can detect whether the required record is in overflow quickly enough to avoid missing the start of the next record .
the additional times caused by linkage handling can be avoided if the link held on the prime data track [has] the record key , and if the software can detect whether the required record is in overflow quickly enough to avoid missing the start of the next record .

This can be allocated by allowing a number of control intervals to remain entirely empty , by leaving space at the end of every control interval that contains data records , or by a combination of both techniques .
this can be allocated by allowing a number of control intervals to remain entirely empty , by leaving space at the end of every control interval that [has] data records , or by a combination of both techniques .

In the corner of the room the dumb waiter contains a selection of logs of various sizes , most of them still damp .
in the corner of the room the dumb waiter [has] a selection of logs of various sizes , most of them still damp .

Today 's worship contains the same basic ingredients in most Nonconformist churches , although there are usually some modifications to the accepted pattern .
today 's worship [has] the same basic ingredients in most nonconformist churches , although there are usually some modifications to the accepted pattern .

In America The Hymnal 1980 contains no fewer than 288 examples of service music and it is permissible to reproduce some of it for congregational use .
in america the hymnal 1980 [has] no fewer than 288 examples of service music and it is permissible to reproduce some of it for congregational use .

Whilst the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 contains many fair-dealing provisions , no exceptions are made for copying music for use in church services .
whilst the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 [has] many fair-dealing provisions , no exceptions are made for copying music for use in church services .

In a situation such as this much of what this Report contains may seem to be irrelevant .
in a situation such as this much of what this report [has] may seem to be irrelevant .

We should not overlook the possibility of attracting professional musicians into church music , and the teaching profession in particular contains people who might need only a little persuasion to help , at least on an occasional basis .
we should not overlook the possibility of attracting professional musicians into church music , and the teaching profession in particular [has] people who might need only a little persuasion to help , at least on an occasional basis .

useless This list contains all the dichotomies , either explicit or implicit , in comments the physics students made to me about their discipline .
useless this list [has] all the dichotomies , either explicit or implicit , in comments the physics students made to me about their discipline .

His account is anecdotal and descriptive , refers to only one earlier theoretical statement on the topic , and contains no systematic illustration of these ideas in practice .
his account is anecdotal and descriptive , refers to only one earlier theoretical statement on the topic , and [has] no systematic illustration of these ideas in practice .

It is because a social group 's stock of commonsensical beliefs contains contrary elements that argument , and thereby thought , is possible .
it is because a social group 's stock of commonsensical beliefs [has] contrary elements that argument , and thereby thought , is possible .

The writer complained that the City of London ‘ is essentially blind ’ , contains few Christians and ‘ ca n't see beyond the end of its ( hooked ) nose ’ ( emphasis in original ) .
the writer complained that the city of london ‘ is essentially blind ’ , [has] few christians and ‘ ca n't see beyond the end of its ( hooked ) nose ’ ( emphasis in original ) .

The ideological nature of this implicit justification contains some interesting features .
the ideological nature of this implicit justification [has] some interesting features .

This implicit justification also contains the seeds of its own implicit criticism .
this implicit justification also [has] the seeds of its own implicit criticism .

One example can be given to show how this attitude contains its own potentiality for tilting from implicit justification to explicit criticism , should the balance between cost and benefit be thought to be changed .
one example can be given to show how this attitude [has] its own potentiality for tilting from implicit justification to explicit criticism , should the balance between cost and benefit be thought to be changed .

But where the newspaper story has significance is in describing , and indeed representing , the limitations of a present position , which on one level is based upon an explicitly favourable stance , yet which contains its own implicit limitations .
but where the newspaper story has significance is in describing , and indeed representing , the limitations of a present position , which on one level is based upon an explicitly favourable stance , yet which [has] its own implicit limitations .

If the certificate contains a statement to the effect that the company is a public company it is conclusive evidence of this fact .
if the certificate [has] a statement to the effect that the company is a public company it is conclusive evidence of this fact .

As the purpose of an administration order is to give the company the necessary breathing space to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the order was made , the Act contains provisions designed to preserve the status quo and protect the property of the company against claims by creditors while the administrator attempts to achieve the purpose of the administration order .
as the purpose of an administration order is to give the company the necessary breathing space to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the order was made , the act [has] provisions designed to preserve the status quo and protect the property of the company against claims by creditors while the administrator attempts to achieve the purpose of the administration order .

The franchise agreement contains clauses covering the following aspects of the business :
the franchise agreement [has] clauses covering the following aspects of the business :

‘ Where the occupier of premises agrees for reward that a person shall have the right to enter and use them for a mutually contemplated purpose , the contract between the parties ( unless it provides to the contrary ) contains an implied warranty that the premises are as safe for that purpose as reasonable care and skill on the part of anyone can make them . ’
‘ where the occupier of premises agrees for reward that a person shall have the right to enter and use them for a mutually contemplated purpose , the contract between the parties ( unless it provides to the contrary ) [has] an implied warranty that the premises are as safe for that purpose as reasonable care and skill on the part of anyone can make them . ’

Quadrant 2 contains those activities where goals and outputs are more clearly defined but the means to achieve them are not .
quadrant 2 [has] those activities where goals and outputs are more clearly defined but the means to achieve them are not .

Second , the product development process contains critical activities which are essentially manufacturing , including prototype fabrication , tools/equipment fabrication , and implementing the pilot run .
second , the product development process [has] critical activities which are essentially manufacturing , including prototype fabrication , tools/equipment fabrication , and implementing the pilot run .

For the party leaderships , of course , it is important to get representation across the board , so a Democrat Representative from a large State such as California may find that the Agriculture Committee contains sufficient California Democrats already , and he/she may then be allocated to the committee concerned with the work of the Department of the Interior instead .
for the party leaderships , of course , it is important to get representation across the board , so a democrat representative from a large state such as california may find that the agriculture committee [has] sufficient california democrats already , and he/she may then be allocated to the committee concerned with the work of the department of the interior instead .

The district is the basic geographical unit of pollution control and usually contains one or two river or stream systems .
the district is the basic geographical unit of pollution control and usually [has] one or two river or stream systems .

The impact and noticeability of any contaminated discharge depend , of course , on the kinds of pollutant it contains .
the impact and noticeability of any contaminated discharge depend , of course , on the kinds of pollutant it [has] .

It is also significant that the oddness of 9a can be reduced by modifying table semantically : The table with the electronic eye saw Arthur ( we know that it is the meaning of the modifying phrase which is important because the reduction in oddness depends on the open set items the phrase contains — compare The table with the melamine top saw Arthur ) ; no similar modification of bake in 11a , or table in 12a , can reduce the degree of deviance of these sentences .
it is also significant that the oddness of 9a can be reduced by modifying table semantically : the table with the electronic eye saw arthur ( we know that it is the meaning of the modifying phrase which is important because the reduction in oddness depends on the open set items the phrase [has] — compare the table with the melamine top saw arthur ) ; no similar modification of bake in 11a , or table in 12a , can reduce the degree of deviance of these sentences .

The first sentence in each pair contains a dead metaphor ; in the second sentence , the metaphor is revitalised by the substitution of a near-synonym or paraphrase . The same process carried out on true idioms dramatically demonstrates the difference between the two types of expression :
the first sentence in each pair [has] a dead metaphor ; in the second sentence , the metaphor is revitalised by the substitution of a near-synonym or paraphrase . the same process carried out on true idioms dramatically demonstrates the difference between the two types of expression :

Very often a sentence contains more than one ambiguous word form ; in such cases , there will occur a kind of mutual negotiation between the various options so as to achieve the most normal combination .
very often a sentence [has] more than one ambiguous word form ; in such cases , there will occur a kind of mutual negotiation between the various options so as to achieve the most normal combination .

Antagonism of senses also lies behind the so-called identity test for ambiguity . In 35 , each part of the sentence contains an occurrence , either direct , or indirect via anaphora , of the ambiguous adjective light , and can therefore in theory be interpreted in two ways :
antagonism of senses also lies behind the so-called identity test for ambiguity . in 35 , each part of the sentence [has] an occurrence , either direct , or indirect via anaphora , of the ambiguous adjective light , and can therefore in theory be interpreted in two ways :

The appropriate unit for this purpose is the lexeme : a dictionary contains ( among other things ) an alphabetical list of the lexemes of a language .
the appropriate unit for this purpose is the lexeme : a dictionary [has] ( among other things ) an alphabetical list of the lexemes of a language .

The Random House Encyclopaedia contains over 20,000 entries , about ten megabytes of data , before compression .
the random house encyclopaedia [has] over 20,000 entries , about ten megabytes of data , before compression .

Bundled disc Current bundled disc contains Japanese dictionary , English-Japanese dictionary , Japanese-English dictionary , Foreign words in Japanese , Chinese character dictionary .
bundled disc current bundled disc [has] japanese dictionary , english-japanese dictionary , japanese-english dictionary , foreign words in japanese , chinese character dictionary .

His hands are always holding the cylinder which contains his stones .
his hands are always holding the cylinder which [has] his stones .

Out of context , even readers devoted to the Victorian novel may have difficulty in identifying that house , for they take from the novel that contains it a very different impression , one that has less to do with idyllic life than with decay and death .
out of context , even readers devoted to the victorian novel may have difficulty in identifying that house , for they take from the novel that [has] it a very different impression , one that has less to do with idyllic life than with decay and death .

Those portraits , and the chill damp of the ominously vacant house that contains them , have already been so vividly impressed on us by Dickens that , for many readers , this remains their dominant , and perhaps exclusive , impression .
those portraits , and the chill damp of the ominously vacant house that [has] them , have already been so vividly impressed on us by dickens that , for many readers , this remains their dominant , and perhaps exclusive , impression .

But , as Godwin comments , the room he describes is not an example of the direst stage of London poverty , for it contains various objects that could be sold .
but , as godwin comments , the room he describes is not an example of the direst stage of london poverty , for it [has] various objects that could be sold .

Two infant and three junior classes cater for children from five to eleven although no class contains children with more than two years ' difference in their ages .
two infant and three junior classes cater for children from five to eleven although no class [has] children with more than two years ' difference in their ages .

Let us take instead one comparatively small piece of country , which contains every variety of road from the prehistoric trackway to the modern by-pass , so that the detailed differences are brought out : for the interest of an inquiry such as this , and one can not say it too often , lies in the detail of the subject .
let us take instead one comparatively small piece of country , which [has] every variety of road from the prehistoric trackway to the modern by-pass , so that the detailed differences are brought out : for the interest of an inquiry such as this , and one can not say it too often , lies in the detail of the subject .

It certainly contains some substantial stonework but the outstanding feature is the cast-iron water trough which carries the canal across the masonry piers .
it certainly [has] some substantial stonework but the outstanding feature is the cast-iron water trough which carries the canal across the masonry piers .

Lesser Bayonne is bourgeois and compact , and contains the town 's two unexpectedly good museums , the Musée Bonn at and the Musée Basque , which are only a hundred yards apart .
lesser bayonne is bourgeois and compact , and [has] the town 's two unexpectedly good museums , the musée bonn at and the musée basque , which are only a hundred yards apart .

The chief town of Bigorre is Tarbes , out on the plain to the north ; but its chief beauty is the high mountain country to the south , for Bigorre contains many of the greatest peaks on the French side of the Pyrenees , as well as such geological splendours as the Cirque de Gavarnie .
the chief town of bigorre is tarbes , out on the plain to the north ; but its chief beauty is the high mountain country to the south , for bigorre [has] many of the greatest peaks on the french side of the pyrenees , as well as such geological splendours as the cirque de gavarnie .

The more subversive possibility is that the discourse of prejudice contains an element that threatens the foundations of multiculturalism from within .
the more subversive possibility is that the discourse of prejudice [has] an element that threatens the foundations of multiculturalism from within .

On the other side , the revenue contend that once one has identified the benefit under section 61 , section 63 contains a code for establishing its cash equivalent .
on the other side , the revenue contend that once one has identified the benefit under section 61 , section 63 [has] a code for establishing its cash equivalent .

Wilson 's autobiography contains a vivid account of his experiences and his successes in this heartland of the union , which includes his first meeting with Walter Runciman , a shipowner in a small way in South Shields , whose name and that of his son , will appear again in this history .
wilson 's autobiography [has] a vivid account of his experiences and his successes in this heartland of the union , which includes his first meeting with walter runciman , a shipowner in a small way in south shields , whose name and that of his son , will appear again in this history .

Whilst working alone the craftsman also has no real need to describe or control the process elements , as he contains , in his head , the understanding of how the design is intended to work and the necessary stages to make this a reality .
whilst working alone the craftsman also has no real need to describe or control the process elements , as he [has] , in his head , the understanding of how the design is intended to work and the necessary stages to make this a reality .

The primary phase contains all those activities which go together to formulate and bound the problem .
the primary phase [has] all those activities which go together to formulate and bound the problem .

Difficulties arise with such techniques when it is necessary to choose both the objectives and constraint forms for a design condition that contains a large number of conflicting requirements .
difficulties arise with such techniques when it is necessary to choose both the objectives and constraint forms for a design condition that [has] a large number of conflicting requirements .

This attribute is also declared for the block , together with an attribute declaring that the domain of the space contains a solid .
this attribute is also declared for the block , together with an attribute declaring that the domain of the space [has] a solid .

With such a coding system it is possible to establish the primary conditions as follows : 1 ) Inserted state : that code which contains only one space zone , that being ( 0,0,0 ) 2 ) Remote state : that code which does not contain the zone ( 0,0,0 ) 3 ) Transition state : that code which contains more than one zone with one of them being ( 0,0,0 ) .
with such a coding system it is possible to establish the primary conditions as follows : 1 ) inserted state : that code which [has] only one space zone , that being ( 0,0,0 ) 2 ) remote state : that code which does not contain the zone ( 0,0,0 ) 3 ) transition state : that code which [has] more than one zone with one of them being ( 0,0,0 ) .

This contains the assemblies , sub-assemblies and component parts in a normal hierarchical bill-of-material structure .
this [has] the assemblies , sub-assemblies and component parts in a normal hierarchical bill-of-material structure .

The domain of `` car `` thus contains all other sub or component domains .
the domain of `` car `` thus [has] all other sub or component domains .

If each domain is described by an enveloping box ( see Figure 2.21 ) which contains the local description necessary to produce a car ( see Figure 2.22 ) , the gearbox-transmission unit and passenger compartment will have an intersection ( see Figure 2.23 ) , as these major spaces will consequently have relationships with each other .
if each domain is described by an enveloping box ( see figure 2.21 ) which [has] the local description necessary to produce a car ( see figure 2.22 ) , the gearbox-transmission unit and passenger compartment will have an intersection ( see figure 2.23 ) , as these major spaces will consequently have relationships with each other .

This space thus contains all the elements of the assembly and can be reflected up the hierarchical structure to a level at which assemblies are being considered .
this space thus [has] all the elements of the assembly and can be reflected up the hierarchical structure to a level at which assemblies are being considered .

This layered transform matrix therefore contains all the current model and view space parameters .
this layered transform matrix therefore [has] all the current model and view space parameters .

The case of a force fit of pin to block can be recognized as the intersecting domain contains at least two pairs of intersecting surfaces ( see Figure 3.11 ) .
the case of a force fit of pin to block can be recognized as the intersecting domain [has] at least two pairs of intersecting surfaces ( see figure 3.11 ) .

The header to each assembly file contains data about the whole assembly .
the header to each assembly file [has] data about the whole assembly .

The highest level contains only a single location point for each occurrence of the item in the assembly .
the highest level [has] only a single location point for each occurrence of the item in the assembly .

The next level contains information on the maximum and minimum excursion of the object in all three coordinate directions .
the next level [has] information on the maximum and minimum excursion of the object in all three coordinate directions .

This data is then used to define the enveloping box which just contains the part .
this data is then used to define the enveloping box which just [has] the part .

As the spatial file contains all the geometric relationships necessary to specify the body , this can be used to generate any pictorial view .
as the spatial file [has] all the geometric relationships necessary to specify the body , this can be used to generate any pictorial view .

The final section contains the technical design data .
the final section [has] the technical design data .

The listing which contains specific variable parts is not stored in the main data base , but is recorded on a secondary storage medium .
the listing which [has] specific variable parts is not stored in the main data base , but is recorded on a secondary storage medium .

This group contains a vectored node which is located on the reference space and is used to position the object within the assembly or machine space at each of its occurrences .
this group [has] a vectored node which is located on the reference space and is used to position the object within the assembly or machine space at each of its occurrences .

Each file header contains data for the whole assembly described , the super box excursions and the nodal position .
each file header [has] data for the whole assembly described , the super box excursions and the nodal position .

The base part drawing file contains all the geometric information to describe the complete part , plus a security code that prevents any alteration without authorization .
the base part drawing file [has] all the geometric information to describe the complete part , plus a security code that prevents any alteration without authorization .

The sub-file for part 7 only contains the cut down details and new enclosing box .
the sub-file for part 7 only [has] the cut down details and new enclosing box .

This should really be conducted in a negative sense by establishing whether the approach contains any constraint boundaries which will ensure that a successful design can never be achieved .
this should really be conducted in a negative sense by establishing whether the approach [has] any constraint boundaries which will ensure that a successful design can never be achieved .

Much of our material now contains footage of peoples and events which , in the space of just ten years , have forever vanished or at least changed beyond recognition .
much of our material now [has] footage of peoples and events which , in the space of just ten years , have forever vanished or at least changed beyond recognition .

It is hard-backed , with cords , not rings , and contains a number of stiff card separators .
it is hard-backed , with cords , not rings , and [has] a number of stiff card separators .

The body contains , under headings and sub-headings , the main arguments of the report , with final conclusions and recommendations .
the body [has] , under headings and sub-headings , the main arguments of the report , with final conclusions and recommendations .

For example , this book contains a number of chapters : Studying , Passing Examinations , Speaking in Public and others .
for example , this book [has] a number of chapters : studying , passing examinations , speaking in public and others .

But the animal world contains many things which may strike us as being strange or even inexplicable .
but the animal world [has] many things which may strike us as being strange or even inexplicable .

Its face has a strange convoluted patch of skin known as a nose-leaf , which contains heat-sensitive areas .
its face has a strange convoluted patch of skin known as a nose-leaf , which [has] heat-sensitive areas .

The membrane contains a grid of 7000 nerve endings which respond to tiny variations in temperature to produce a heat picture .
the membrane [has] a grid of 7000 nerve endings which respond to tiny variations in temperature to produce a heat picture .

The tail of the electric eel contains 10 000 tiny electric organs , arranged in 70 columns , and over half of the fish is given over to electricity production .
the tail of the electric eel [has] 10 000 tiny electric organs , arranged in 70 columns , and over half of the fish is given over to electricity production .

Each rod or cone contains a photo-sensitive pigment and the changes this undergoes when exposed to light cause a signal to be passed to nerve cells at the front of the retina .
each rod or cone [has] a photo-sensitive pigment and the changes this undergoes when exposed to light cause a signal to be passed to nerve cells at the front of the retina .

Each unit acts like an eye , and contains a small lens or facet , which focuses light down a rod ( known as a rhabdom ) made up of layers of light detectors .
each unit acts like an eye , and [has] a small lens or facet , which focuses light down a rod ( known as a rhabdom ) made up of layers of light detectors .

However , the sparrow 's eye has double this density , while the buzzard 's retina contains an astounding 1 million per square millimetre .
however , the sparrow 's eye has double this density , while the buzzard 's retina [has] an astounding 1 million per square millimetre .

The retina contains only nine light detectors , but by scanning the image up to ten times each second it is able to build up some kind of picture .
the retina [has] only nine light detectors , but by scanning the image up to ten times each second it is able to build up some kind of picture .

In humans , this membrane contains about 10 million specialised cells , each bearing tiny hairs .
in humans , this membrane [has] about 10 million specialised cells , each bearing tiny hairs .

The skin of an otter , in common with that of all mammals , contains a substance known as L-serine , and fish are so acutely sensitive to this chemical that they can sense it diluted one thousand million times .
the skin of an otter , in common with that of all mammals , [has] a substance known as l-serine , and fish are so acutely sensitive to this chemical that they can sense it diluted one thousand million times .

The anal pouch of that giant rodent , the capybara , contains a forest of easily detachable hairs , each covered with a hard crystalline secretion , which shower onto any object it touches .
the anal pouch of that giant rodent , the capybara , [has] a forest of easily detachable hairs , each covered with a hard crystalline secretion , which shower onto any object it touches .

The long domed nose contains a smell-receptive membrane spread over rolled-up scrolls of bone .
the long domed nose [has] a smell-receptive membrane spread over rolled-up scrolls of bone .

Intriguingly , the aphrodisiac contains a chemical that the butterfly can not manufacture and so , in order to create his perfume , the male must gather the vital ingredient from a particular withered flower .
intriguingly , the aphrodisiac [has] a chemical that the butterfly can not manufacture and so , in order to create his perfume , the male must gather the vital ingredient from a particular withered flower .

a ) Name the triangle which contains a right angle .
a ) name the triangle which [has] a right angle .

There is one more equation often used in electrostatics that contains charge and not charge density .
there is one more equation often used in electrostatics that [has] charge and not charge density .

It will be seen that Viscount Dilhorne 's speech contains two clear pronouncements , first that it is no longer an ingredient of the offence of theft that the taking should be without the owner 's consent and second , that an appropriation may occur even though the owner has permitted or consented to the property being taken .
it will be seen that viscount dilhorne 's speech [has] two clear pronouncements , first that it is no longer an ingredient of the offence of theft that the taking should be without the owner 's consent and second , that an appropriation may occur even though the owner has permitted or consented to the property being taken .

It is true that Morris contains no disapproval or qualification of Lawrence , but , in my view , the main statements of principle in these cases can not possibly be reconciled and the later case therefore must not be regarded as providing any support for the earlier .
it is true that morris [has] no disapproval or qualification of lawrence , but , in my view , the main statements of principle in these cases can not possibly be reconciled and the later case therefore must not be regarded as providing any support for the earlier .

To the east of Klagenfurt the mountains diminish in size , but the western Carinthia/eastern Tyrol border around Lienz contains the highest peaks in Austria and is an area of Alpine valleys surrounded by forests and mountains rising to more than 10,000 feet .
to the east of klagenfurt the mountains diminish in size , but the western carinthia/eastern tyrol border around lienz [has] the highest peaks in austria and is an area of alpine valleys surrounded by forests and mountains rising to more than 10,000 feet .

Peppermint is a classic aid to food absorption ; basil contains a substance which helps with stomach cramps , and parsley is a diuretic .
peppermint is a classic aid to food absorption ; basil [has] a substance which helps with stomach cramps , and parsley is a diuretic .

Complete removal of weeds , including all the roots , is important , preferably by hand or while digging ; incidentally , do remember that some of them may be the very plants you are intending to grow , though if the area contains horsetail it is better not to try growing perennial plants in it until you have been clearing out this weed for some years .
complete removal of weeds , including all the roots , is important , preferably by hand or while digging ; incidentally , do remember that some of them may be the very plants you are intending to grow , though if the area [has] horsetail it is better not to try growing perennial plants in it until you have been clearing out this weed for some years .

It is frequently added to sauerkraut and Kummel , the German liqueur , contains its oil , along with cumin ; in Britain , during the Middle Ages and Tudor times , baked fruit was flavoured with the ubiquitous seeds .
it is frequently added to sauerkraut and kummel , the german liqueur , [has] its oil , along with cumin ; in britain , during the middle ages and tudor times , baked fruit was flavoured with the ubiquitous seeds .

Horsetail contains more of the element silicon , available in water soluble forms , than almost any other plant , and is the pre-eminent herb for the promotion of strength and lustre to hair and nails .
horsetail [has] more of the element silicon , available in water soluble forms , than almost any other plant , and is the pre-eminent herb for the promotion of strength and lustre to hair and nails .

Hyssop contains almost one per cent of an essential oil whose medicinal action is very similar to that of garden sage .
hyssop [has] almost one per cent of an essential oil whose medicinal action is very similar to that of garden sage .

It has innumerable culinary uses and has some medicinal use — it contains thymol — though the wild species has greater application to health .
it has innumerable culinary uses and has some medicinal use — it [has] thymol — though the wild species has greater application to health .

The so-called French mustard is wet , and there are many variations ; yellow Dijon is black seed with wine and spices ; Bordeaux is dark brown , as it contains the seed husks .
the so-called french mustard is wet , and there are many variations ; yellow dijon is black seed with wine and spices ; bordeaux is dark brown , as it [has] the seed husks .

The common and despised nettle contains a high proportion of vitamins and minerals and other active substances which give it wide therapeutic application .
the common and despised nettle [has] a high proportion of vitamins and minerals and other active substances which give it wide therapeutic application .

Mulch in late spring with rotted organic matter , and give a light dressing of bonfire ash in spring , or any fertilizer which contains potassium , if flowering is poor .
mulch in late spring with rotted organic matter , and give a light dressing of bonfire ash in spring , or any fertilizer which [has] potassium , if flowering is poor .

It is accepted now that drinking water in many areas contains certain pollutants which are undesirable .
it is accepted now that drinking water in many areas [has] certain pollutants which are undesirable .

If a diet contains foods that you find hard to digest , or react to , then quite simply you are not going to stick to it .
if a diet [has] foods that you find hard to digest , or react to , then quite simply you are not going to stick to it .

There is a part of the brain called the hypothalamus , which contains an appetite control centre .
there is a part of the brain called the hypothalamus , which [has] an appetite control centre .

mild contains yet another type of sugar called lactose , which itself is composed of two single units of sugar : glucose and galactose .
mild [has] yet another type of sugar called lactose , which itself is composed of two single units of sugar : glucose and galactose .

This is a new multi-vitamin , multi-mineral supplement which contains a wide range of vitamins and minerals at levels very close to those provided by a healthy diet .
this is a new multi-vitamin , multi-mineral supplement which [has] a wide range of vitamins and minerals at levels very close to those provided by a healthy diet .

The only exception to this polyunsaturated margarine which often contains a very small amount of milk protein , lactalbumin or whey .
the only exception to this polyunsaturated margarine which often [has] a very small amount of milk protein , lactalbumin or whey .

Honey contains some sucrose as well as glucose and fructose ; 1 teaspoon of honey has the same amount of calories as one teaspoon of sucrose .
honey [has] some sucrose as well as glucose and fructose ; 1 teaspoon of honey has the same amount of calories as one teaspoon of sucrose .

Chocolate contains several amounts of caffeine and related compounds called methyl xanthines , and a further mood-stimulating substance , beta phenyl ethylamine .
chocolate [has] several amounts of caffeine and related compounds called methyl xanthines , and a further mood-stimulating substance , beta phenyl ethylamine .

Within a long programme you may find a short sequence which contains exactly what you want for a particular lesson .
within a long programme you may find a short sequence which [has] exactly what you want for a particular lesson .

It contains the problem , limits the essay .
it [has] the problem , limits the essay .

Again this is helpful because it contains and defines the conclusion .
again this is helpful because it [has] and defines the conclusion .

Most important of all , the chapter contains exercises so that the practice of using historical evidence can reinforce this vital aspect of historical study .
most important of all , the chapter [has] exercises so that the practice of using historical evidence can reinforce this vital aspect of historical study .

Each capsule contains around 600 eggs , 94 % of which were laid as `` nurse eggs `` for the nourishment of the remaining 6 % which develop into embryos ( Fretter and Graham , 1985 ) .
each capsule [has] around 600 eggs , 94 % of which were laid as `` nurse eggs `` for the nourishment of the remaining 6 % which develop into embryos ( fretter and graham , 1985 ) .

It is very difficult to introduce a single specimen into an established tank , especially with a tank that contains adults , but it can be achieved with a little care .
it is very difficult to introduce a single specimen into an established tank , especially with a tank that [has] adults , but it can be achieved with a little care .

Stress Coat contains Aloe Vera and is aimed more directly at the fish itself , coating the gills and skin to protect them .
stress coat [has] aloe vera and is aimed more directly at the fish itself , coating the gills and skin to protect them .

There are two types , Biohome Economy which is grey ; and Biohome Plus which is pink and it is claimed contains trace elements for perfect biological balance .
there are two types , biohome economy which is grey ; and biohome plus which is pink and it is claimed [has] trace elements for perfect biological balance .

This filter contains three sheets of different grade open-cell foam on the top , with Flocor filling the base .
this filter [has] three sheets of different grade open-cell foam on the top , with flocor filling the base .

The sap which was emitted into the tank water as the plant ‘ broke down ’ contains co carcinogenics , phorbyl esters and cytotoxin to name but a few poisons .
the sap which was emitted into the tank water as the plant ‘ broke down ’ [has] co carcinogenics , phorbyl esters and cytotoxin to name but a few poisons .

The tentacles of the Corallimorphia are always in multiples of six , putting them into the taxonomic subclass Hexacorallia which also contains sea anemones , hard corals and zoanthids .
the tentacles of the corallimorphia are always in multiples of six , putting them into the taxonomic subclass hexacorallia which also [has] sea anemones , hard corals and zoanthids .

One tank contains six Shannies and a few anemones .
one tank [has] six shannies and a few anemones .

The second tank contains small Grey Mullet , Sand Smelts , two juvenile Wrasse , a Hermit Crab and a number of limpets and topshells .
the second tank [has] small grey mullet , sand smelts , two juvenile wrasse , a hermit crab and a number of limpets and topshells .

Okay , so this is a binding ingredient and , contains valuable minerals , but it is also the cheapest element of the blend and passes undigested through the fish , increasing the volume of solid waste .
okay , so this is a binding ingredient and , [has] valuable minerals , but it is also the cheapest element of the blend and passes undigested through the fish , increasing the volume of solid waste .

The Koi food contains 2.20 per cent Lysine , an amino acid vital to the digestive process in cyprinids but rarely found in ‘ general purpose ’ pellets that are used as much by trout-farmers as by Koi-keepers .
the koi food [has] 2.20 per cent lysine , an amino acid vital to the digestive process in cyprinids but rarely found in ‘ general purpose ’ pellets that are used as much by trout-farmers as by koi-keepers .

Empowerment as an outcome contains dimensions that are both psychological ( belief and motivation in one 's ability to act collectively ) and community ( increases in local action and transformed conditions ) .
empowerment as an outcome [has] dimensions that are both psychological ( belief and motivation in one 's ability to act collectively ) and community ( increases in local action and transformed conditions ) .

Each issue contains a series of relevant articles from all parts of the world .
each issue [has] a series of relevant articles from all parts of the world .

It contains pain killers ; general purpose antibiotics ( in case they 're not available locally ) ; anti-diarrhoea pills ; ointment for burns ; plasters ; penicillin powder ( useful for preventing infection of open wounds ) ; scissors ; anti-malaria pills and sleeping pills .
it [has] pain killers ; general purpose antibiotics ( in case they 're not available locally ) ; anti-diarrhoea pills ; ointment for burns ; plasters ; penicillin powder ( useful for preventing infection of open wounds ) ; scissors ; anti-malaria pills and sleeping pills .

Every culture contains a large number of guidelines which direct conduct in particular situations .
every culture [has] a large number of guidelines which direct conduct in particular situations .

Functionalists imply that roles are provided by the social system and individuals enact their roles as if they were reading off a script which contains explicit directions for their behaviour .
functionalists imply that roles are provided by the social system and individuals enact their roles as if they were reading off a script which [has] explicit directions for their behaviour .

Marxism contains a vision and a promise of a future ideal society — the communist utopia .
marxism [has] a vision and a promise of a future ideal society — the communist utopia .

Secondly , on the face of it , the middle class contains an extremely diverse group of workers ranging from secretaries to accountants , shop-assistants to managers , shopkeepers to social workers .
secondly , on the face of it , the middle class [has] an extremely diverse group of workers ranging from secretaries to accountants , shop-assistants to managers , shopkeepers to social workers .

Gas between the galaxies contains too few baryons to account for all the apparent mass but too many to be consistent with the simplest Big Bang models .
gas between the galaxies [has] too few baryons to account for all the apparent mass but too many to be consistent with the simplest big bang models .

The first section contains a valuable discussion of synthetic approaches and general strategies for obtaining macrocyclic ligands .
the first section [has] a valuable discussion of synthetic approaches and general strategies for obtaining macrocyclic ligands .

The pack contains descriptions of the founding photographers — Bob Capa , a hedonist , Henri Cartier-Bresson , a puritanical pacifist and George Rodger , the archetypical English gentleman — and asks why such an odd band of individualistic , loner photographers joined forces to form this special cooperative .
the pack [has] descriptions of the founding photographers — bob capa , a hedonist , henri cartier-bresson , a puritanical pacifist and george rodger , the archetypical english gentleman — and asks why such an odd band of individualistic , loner photographers joined forces to form this special cooperative .

My car radiator contains fairly pure water .
my car radiator [has] fairly pure water .

This account contains a serious flaw .
this account [has] a serious flaw .

But a thinking participant like Socrates ( with a following in the Assembly ) found this incident difficult to stomach , and so far as the passage contains a statement of constitutional principle , it ought not to be pressed .
but a thinking participant like socrates ( with a following in the assembly ) found this incident difficult to stomach , and so far as the passage [has] a statement of constitutional principle , it ought not to be pressed .

In national parks or Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONBs ) , or in areas designated by the Secretary of State as ‘ rural ’ , the sale contains a covenant limiting the freedom of the purchasing tenant and his successors to resell the dwelling ; houses can be resold only to ‘ locals ’ who fulfil certain criteria , such as living or working in the designated rural area for the previous three years ; or , for ten years after the original purchase , the tenant has first to offer to resell to the council ( Liell 1981 ) .
in national parks or areas of outstanding natural beauty ( aonbs ) , or in areas designated by the secretary of state as ‘ rural ’ , the sale [has] a covenant limiting the freedom of the purchasing tenant and his successors to resell the dwelling ; houses can be resold only to ‘ locals ’ who fulfil certain criteria , such as living or working in the designated rural area for the previous three years ; or , for ten years after the original purchase , the tenant has first to offer to resell to the council ( liell 1981 ) .

Randle and Pottle were proceeded against under the Criminal Justice Act 1988 which contains no special provisions in relation to literary benefits .
randle and pottle were proceeded against under the criminal justice act 1988 which [has] no special provisions in relation to literary benefits .

The neocortex contains vastly more cells , they come with many different orientational preferences instead of just two , and also in many different sizes .
the neocortex [has] vastly more cells , they come with many different orientational preferences instead of just two , and also in many different sizes .

And the diagram is much simpler than the real neocortex , which contains 10,000 cells where only 25 are shown here .
and the diagram is much simpler than the real neocortex , which [has] 10,000 cells where only 25 are shown here .

But his argument contains ideas which can be applied with striking results to recorded music .
but his argument [has] ideas which can be applied with striking results to recorded music .

Even the involvement of the media in what Henri Lefebvre calls spectacle ( reality as a permanent theatre of consumer products and images ) contains — despite its basis in commodity-fetishism — a potential adumbration of the utopian .
even the involvement of the media in what henri lefebvre calls spectacle ( reality as a permanent theatre of consumer products and images ) [has] — despite its basis in commodity-fetishism — a potential adumbration of the utopian .

Presented by the Women Artists Slide Library , published by Open Letters , it contains 44 images of work from the archive , 26 in colour and 18 in black and white .
presented by the women artists slide library , published by open letters , it [has] 44 images of work from the archive , 26 in colour and 18 in black and white .

Whereas nephrite contains a high proportion of magnesia and a considerable one of lime , neither of these is present except as traces in jadeite .
whereas nephrite [has] a high proportion of magnesia and a considerable one of lime , neither of these is present except as traces in jadeite .

By contrast jadeite contains plenty of alumina and soda , only weakly present in nephrite .
by contrast jadeite [has] plenty of alumina and soda , only weakly present in nephrite .

As a rule it contains varying proportions of base or less precious metals .
as a rule it [has] varying proportions of base or less precious metals .

More commonly , it is left to be inferred from general language which contains no qualification in favour of the immunity .
more commonly , it is left to be inferred from general language which [has] no qualification in favour of the immunity .

It contains hundreds of yellow , green and blue Muslim pamphlets ( personally signed and predated with today 's date ) , his eyeglasses , a Koran , a Bible .
it [has] hundreds of yellow , green and blue muslim pamphlets ( personally signed and predated with today 's date ) , his eyeglasses , a koran , a bible .

The Act also contains guidance for the courts as to the factors which they should take into account in deciding whether any of the statutory exceptions to the presumption in favour of bail apply in a particular case .
the act also [has] guidance for the courts as to the factors which they should take into account in deciding whether any of the statutory exceptions to the presumption in favour of bail apply in a particular case .

The theory of arbitrage pricing contains a number of predictions about market behaviour .
the theory of arbitrage pricing [has] a number of predictions about market behaviour .

This was not considered in the above example , and will increase the costs of arbitraging an index which contains many companies .
this was not considered in the above example , and will increase the costs of arbitraging an index which [has] many companies .

It should be noted with regard to both types of dangerous animals , that the Act , unlike the common law , contains no requirement that the animal must escape from control , nor that there must be any sort of attack .
it should be noted with regard to both types of dangerous animals , that the act , unlike the common law , [has] no requirement that the animal must escape from control , nor that there must be any sort of attack .

The Animals Act contains no provisions relating to remoteness of damage .
the animals act [has] no provisions relating to remoteness of damage .

The report of this body , which did not appear until 1909 , contains a most thorough discussion of British social policy at that time .
the report of this body , which did not appear until 1909 , [has] a most thorough discussion of british social policy at that time .

The truth is that , while certainly many constitutional ideas have been borrowed from Britain , the British system contains features that no one designing a system of government today would conceivably want to adopt .
the truth is that , while certainly many constitutional ideas have been borrowed from britain , the british system [has] features that no one designing a system of government today would conceivably want to adopt .

The top-tier authorities are there known as regions , a more appropriate title perhaps , as one of them , Strathclyde , contains half the population of Scotland .
the top-tier authorities are there known as regions , a more appropriate title perhaps , as one of them , strathclyde , [has] half the population of scotland .

While there are many circumstances in which that is true , it seems important to acknowledge that the political system contains biases that make it much easier for some groups to secure influence than others .
while there are many circumstances in which that is true , it seems important to acknowledge that the political system [has] biases that make it much easier for some groups to secure influence than others .

It would not be appropriate in a book of this kind to go into details over the clinical manifestations and classifications of mental disorder , although the booklist at the end of the chapter contains some introductory reading on the subject .
it would not be appropriate in a book of this kind to go into details over the clinical manifestations and classifications of mental disorder , although the booklist at the end of the chapter [has] some introductory reading on the subject .

There is an enormous range of novel applications of the reaction , and the list of references contains several comprehensive reviews . Specific examples that have been particularly useful include :
there is an enormous range of novel applications of the reaction , and the list of references [has] several comprehensive reviews . specific examples that have been particularly useful include :

This is relational database territory , which means that Paradox works primarily with tables ; these are spreadsheet-like grids with vertical columns for the fields and each horizontal row contains one record .
this is relational database territory , which means that paradox works primarily with tables ; these are spreadsheet-like grids with vertical columns for the fields and each horizontal row [has] one record .

So although the new machine contains less metal than its predecessor , if offers a high standard of construction .
so although the new machine [has] less metal than its predecessor , if offers a high standard of construction .

Before next month 's Starting Block , try roaming around your hard disk , looking at the different files it contains .
before next month 's starting block , try roaming around your hard disk , looking at the different files it [has] .

The Clyde report on the Orkney affair contains recommendations about promoting an understanding of social work 's role in communities .
the clyde report on the orkney affair [has] recommendations about promoting an understanding of social work 's role in communities .

Looking After Children contains standardised forms for gathering information , plans and review and six schedules for different age groups , called assessment and action records , to chart children 's progress .
looking after children [has] standardised forms for gathering information , plans and review and six schedules for different age groups , called assessment and action records , to chart children 's progress .

The mutations all reside in a sequence element that contains an imperfect direct as well as an imperfect inverted repeat .
the mutations all reside in a sequence element that [has] an imperfect direct as well as an imperfect inverted repeat .

In this analysis , the different deoP2 promoters are cloned on a high copy number plasmid ( pUC13 ) and then introduced into a CytR + strain that contains a gene fusion between the cAMP-CRP/CytR regulated cdd promoter and lacZ on the chromosome .
in this analysis , the different deop2 promoters are cloned on a high copy number plasmid ( puc13 ) and then introduced into a cytr + strain that [has] a gene fusion between the camp-crp/cytr regulated cdd promoter and lacz on the chromosome .

In pemphigus , the group of autoimmune diseases that cause epidermal blistering , patients ' serum contains autoantibodies to desmosomes , the cadherin-like glycoproteins of the epidermal intercellular junctions .
in pemphigus , the group of autoimmune diseases that cause epidermal blistering , patients ' serum [has] autoantibodies to desmosomes , the cadherin-like glycoproteins of the epidermal intercellular junctions .

Editor , — June Huntingdon 's article on the future of family health services authorities contains several misleading assertions .
editor , — june huntingdon 's article on the future of family health services authorities [has] several misleading assertions .

The paper by Maynard contains a discussion typical of league tables .
the paper by maynard [has] a discussion typical of league tables .

The actual official published positions of the field provide a new and powerful model of environmental medicine that contains numerous valuable insights and perspectives into the dynamic causes of many acute and chronic illnesses and provide powerful tools to vastly improve both the quality and cost effectiveness of the health care of applicable illnesses .
the actual official published positions of the field provide a new and powerful model of environmental medicine that [has] numerous valuable insights and perspectives into the dynamic causes of many acute and chronic illnesses and provide powerful tools to vastly improve both the quality and cost effectiveness of the health care of applicable illnesses .

Rather it `` contains `` objects with attributes .
rather it `` [has] `` objects with attributes .

Elongation factor 1 contains two homologous guanine-nucleotide exchange proteins as shown from the molecular cloning of beta and delta subunits
elongation factor 1 [has] two homologous guanine-nucleotide exchange proteins as shown from the molecular cloning of beta and delta subunits

An object of a particular date in a particular context does not automatically mean that it dates that context : a context often contains artefacts of quite different dates , and it is the archaeologists 's task to arrive at an interpretation that fits all the facts .
an object of a particular date in a particular context does not automatically mean that it dates that context : a context often [has] artefacts of quite different dates , and it is the archaeologists 's task to arrive at an interpretation that fits all the facts .

The approach described in this chapter contains the basis from which collaboration can become self-generating .
the approach described in this chapter [has] the basis from which collaboration can become self-generating .

In the National Curriculum , all learning between the ages of 5 and 16 is divided into attainment targets , which are in turn divided into ten levels , each of which contains one or more statements of attainment .
in the national curriculum , all learning between the ages of 5 and 16 is divided into attainment targets , which are in turn divided into ten levels , each of which [has] one or more statements of attainment .

For example , at any one time , 1 household in every 3 contains a dependent child , 1 in 5 consists of a person living alone , 1 in 4 is a childless married couple , 3 in 10 are married couples with dependent children , and 1 in 10 contains one or more people over retirement age .
for example , at any one time , 1 household in every 3 [has] a dependent child , 1 in 5 consists of a person living alone , 1 in 4 is a childless married couple , 3 in 10 are married couples with dependent children , and 1 in 10 [has] one or more people over retirement age .

The constituent legislation of other tribunals contains provisions allowing access to the High Court , whereas some tribunals have to fall back on the appeals contained in s.13 of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 .
the constituent legislation of other tribunals [has] provisions allowing access to the high court , whereas some tribunals have to fall back on the appeals contained in s.13 of the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 .

After the introductory chapter on scepticism , the first part contains a chapter on the nature of knowledge and its relation to true justified belief , and another concentrating on one particular theory .
after the introductory chapter on scepticism , the first part [has] a chapter on the nature of knowledge and its relation to true justified belief , and another concentrating on one particular theory .

Most of the papers referred to in the present chapter are collected in Pappas and Swain ( 1978 ) , which also contains an analytical introduction to the area .
most of the papers referred to in the present chapter are collected in pappas and swain ( 1978 ) , which also [has] an analytical introduction to the area .

Second , let us suppose that we do need a formulatable rule for the word ‘ pain ’ , which contains explicit reference to the initial sensation , as in ‘ pain = sensation like this ’ .
second , let us suppose that we do need a formulatable rule for the word ‘ pain ’ , which [has] explicit reference to the initial sensation , as in ‘ pain = sensation like this ’ .

The point is that the second version contains superfluous and irrelevant information , though this would not necessarily be the case if we were explaining what we do in the morning to an ( English-speaking ! )
the point is that the second version [has] superfluous and irrelevant information , though this would not necessarily be the case if we were explaining what we do in the morning to an ( english-speaking ! )

This is because our ‘ taxi schema ’ contains a ‘ taxi driver ’ , and we assume that a taxi that arrives at our house has a driver .
this is because our ‘ taxi schema ’ [has] a ‘ taxi driver ’ , and we assume that a taxi that arrives at our house has a driver .

However a great deal of casual conversation contains phrases and echoes of phrases which appear more to be intended as contributions to a conversation than to be taken as instances of information-giving .
however a great deal of casual conversation [has] phrases and echoes of phrases which appear more to be intended as contributions to a conversation than to be taken as instances of information-giving .

spoken language contains many incomplete sentences , often simply sequences
spoken language [has] many incomplete sentences , often simply sequences

spoken language typically contains rather little subordination
spoken language typically [has] rather little subordination

What we have described as a topic framework has much in common with Venneman 's proposal that , for a discourse , there is a presupposition pool which contains information ‘ constituted from general knowledge , from the situative context of the discourse , and from the completed part of the discourse itself ’ ( Venneman , 1975 : 314 ) .
what we have described as a topic framework has much in common with venneman 's proposal that , for a discourse , there is a presupposition pool which [has] information ‘ constituted from general knowledge , from the situative context of the discourse , and from the completed part of the discourse itself ’ ( venneman , 1975 : 314 ) .

The mammalian egg contains no yolk whatever , but even so , the females are able to nourish their young very effectively within the womb .
the mammalian egg [has] no yolk whatever , but even so , the females are able to nourish their young very effectively within the womb .

But if it is discovered and threatened , it twists its legs outwards and arches its back in such an extreme contortion that it suddenly and disconcertingly exposes its underside — and that is a vivid scarlet , a spectacular warning that its skin contains a burning poison .
but if it is discovered and threatened , it twists its legs outwards and arches its back in such an extreme contortion that it suddenly and disconcertingly exposes its underside — and that is a vivid scarlet , a spectacular warning that its skin [has] a burning poison .

This particular version contains within it a cooling device of unsurpassed elegance .
this particular version [has] within it a cooling device of unsurpassed elegance .

Allowing for the vagaries of memory , plus some very likely embellishing in the way Whitaker recounted the tale to his , then , fiancee , it is possible that the above tale contains just a couple of overt simplifications .
allowing for the vagaries of memory , plus some very likely embellishing in the way whitaker recounted the tale to his , then , fiancee , it is possible that the above tale [has] just a couple of overt simplifications .

It contains almost every type of habitat a discerning bird could wish for : a scrub full of buck thorn , sand dunes held secure with mar ram grass , salt marsh rich with colonising plants , lush woodland and pasture near old farm buildings , shingle spits and winding muddy creeks .
it [has] almost every type of habitat a discerning bird could wish for : a scrub full of buck thorn , sand dunes held secure with mar ram grass , salt marsh rich with colonising plants , lush woodland and pasture near old farm buildings , shingle spits and winding muddy creeks .

Remember , the first set contains properties which are common to arches , and the other holds properties which arches do n't have .
remember , the first set [has] properties which are common to arches , and the other holds properties which arches do n't have .

The goal is a state in which the set of properties common to all arches includes the assertions : there are two columns there is an extra block the extra block rests on both columns and the other set of properties contains the assertion : the two columns touch .
the goal is a state in which the set of properties common to all arches includes the assertions : there are two columns there is an extra block the extra block rests on both columns and the other set of properties [has] the assertion : the two columns touch .

a goal is any tree in which every branch contains two contradictory statements .
a goal is any tree in which every branch [has] two contradictory statements .

Of all three heuristic functions , fc is almost certainly the best , because it contains most information .
of all three heuristic functions , fc is almost certainly the best , because it [has] most information .

Suppose a program contains such patterns .
suppose a program [has] such patterns .

The reason is that , although its input is numeric , its output is a formula which contains discrete whole numbers .
the reason is that , although its input is numeric , its output is a formula which [has] discrete whole numbers .

It contains sixteen basic rules , which include some for overall control and some which collect data .
it [has] sixteen basic rules , which include some for overall control and some which collect data .

The lower layer contains many nodes .
the lower layer [has] many nodes .

The perceptron 's upper layer contains just one node , with an input from each node in the lower layer .
the perceptron 's upper layer [has] just one node , with an input from each node in the lower layer .

It will work for a recogniser , with just one node in the top layer , but it is phrased as if the top layer contains many nodes .
it will work for a recogniser , with just one node in the top layer , but it is phrased as if the top layer [has] many nodes .

If the top layer contains several nodes , then the device computes a more elaborate function of its input .
if the top layer [has] several nodes , then the device computes a more elaborate function of its input .

The lowest layer contains four nodes , one for each of the four parameters x , y , y and v. In each node , its parameter is treated as the address of a cell .
the lowest layer [has] four nodes , one for each of the four parameters x , y , y and v. in each node , its parameter is treated as the address of a cell .

The middle layer contains 24 nodes , each connected to all four outputs from the bottom layer .
the middle layer [has] 24 nodes , each connected to all four outputs from the bottom layer .

Perhaps it does because its search space contains very many goal states .
perhaps it does because its search space [has] very many goal states .

Each brain contains some 10,000,000,000 neurones .
each brain [has] some 10,000,000,000 neurones .

For a start , the brain of a bee contains only about 300,000 neurones .
for a start , the brain of a bee [has] only about 300,000 neurones .

The second contains descriptions of five clustering algorithms :
the second [has] descriptions of five clustering algorithms :

The points in it are distributed randomly , so it contains no information which could be learned by any process .
the points in it are distributed randomly , so it [has] no information which could be learned by any process .

The distribution of points in it contains quite a lot of information , but the basic clustering algorithm will lose it because this algorithm will lump all the points into a single cluster .
the distribution of points in it [has] quite a lot of information , but the basic clustering algorithm will lose it because this algorithm will lump all the points into a single cluster .

If p contains the connective ’ v ’ as well as ’ ∘ ’ then it is called disjunctive .
if p [has] the connective ’ v ’ as well as ’ ∘ ’ then it is called disjunctive .

The conceptual clusterer 's input contains both examples and counter-examples of each concept .
the conceptual clusterer 's input [has] both examples and counter-examples of each concept .

‘ Parliament in my judgment has assumed and contemplated that the testator will have already made his will before he signs and the words in section 9 ( b ) ‘ give effect to the will ’ in my judgment do more naturally suggest that there is a document already in existence which contains either dispositive provisions or something which can properly be described as a testamentary disposition .
‘ parliament in my judgment has assumed and contemplated that the testator will have already made his will before he signs and the words in section 9 ( b ) ‘ give effect to the will ’ in my judgment do more naturally suggest that there is a document already in existence which [has] either dispositive provisions or something which can properly be described as a testamentary disposition .

( 2 ) If the specimen with the lower proportion of alcohol contains no more than 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , the person who provided it may claim that it should be replaced by such specimen as may be required under section 7 ( 4 ) of this Act and , if he then provides such a specimen , neither specimen of breath shall be used .
( 2 ) if the specimen with the lower proportion of alcohol [has] no more than 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , the person who provided it may claim that it should be replaced by such specimen as may be required under section 7 ( 4 ) of this act and , if he then provides such a specimen , neither specimen of breath shall be used .

The second case in which a requirement may be made to provide a specimen in accordance with section 7 ( 4 ) is where the driver , having provided two specimens of breath one of which contains no more than 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , claims the right under section 8 ( 2 ) to have that specimen replaced by a specimen of blood or urine provided in accordance with section 7 ( 4 ) .
the second case in which a requirement may be made to provide a specimen in accordance with section 7 ( 4 ) is where the driver , having provided two specimens of breath one of which [has] no more than 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , claims the right under section 8 ( 2 ) to have that specimen replaced by a specimen of blood or urine provided in accordance with section 7 ( 4 ) .

It contains allegations which do not directly involve the third defendant .
it [has] allegations which do not directly involve the third defendant .

The hospital 's patient assessment form contains the entry : ‘ Religious beliefs and relevant practices .
the hospital 's patient assessment form [has] the entry : ‘ religious beliefs and relevant practices .

The relationship between them is essentially one of contract , and section 44 contains a number of requirements as to the contents of such a contract .
the relationship between them is essentially one of contract , and section 44 [has] a number of requirements as to the contents of such a contract .

Section 8 ( 1 ) of the same Act contains a definition of a statutorily protected tenancy .
section 8 ( 1 ) of the same act [has] a definition of a statutorily protected tenancy .

The effect of these provisions is , in our judgment , that if an account contains items of litigation costs or non-litigation costs the items can be referred to a taxing master for taxation i.e .
the effect of these provisions is , in our judgment , that if an account [has] items of litigation costs or non-litigation costs the items can be referred to a taxing master for taxation i.e .

Although Mr. Philipson demurred when the suggestion was put to him , it is palpably clear that his submission amounts to a direct challenge to Mr. Barnes ' affidavit , which contains the clearest possible evidence that the Bank of England did indeed require these documents for the purposes of its own supervisory functions ; this will of course involve collaboration and co-ordination with the Federal Reserve Board 's supervision , on which , as he states expressly in paragraph 13 ( b ) , the Bank of England is in part dependent .
although mr. philipson demurred when the suggestion was put to him , it is palpably clear that his submission amounts to a direct challenge to mr. barnes ' affidavit , which [has] the clearest possible evidence that the bank of england did indeed require these documents for the purposes of its own supervisory functions ; this will of course involve collaboration and co-ordination with the federal reserve board 's supervision , on which , as he states expressly in paragraph 13 ( b ) , the bank of england is in part dependent .

The wording of the section contains no express limitation to documents which can be said to be part of a process of reconstituting the company 's state of knowledge .
the wording of the section [has] no express limitation to documents which can be said to be part of a process of reconstituting the company 's state of knowledge .

Subsection ( 2 ) contains a comparable provision applicable when an administration order is made under the Insolvency Act 1986 .
subsection ( 2 ) [has] a comparable provision applicable when an administration order is made under the insolvency act 1986 .

It frequently happens that a daughter lives with a widowed parent for 20 years or more ; if the parent changes council houses or moves from the private sector to a council house within one year of the death of the parent then on the death of the parent the council house will be the home which contains all the furniture and other articles which form part of the home and have been fitted into the council house by the parent and the daughter .
it frequently happens that a daughter lives with a widowed parent for 20 years or more ; if the parent changes council houses or moves from the private sector to a council house within one year of the death of the parent then on the death of the parent the council house will be the home which [has] all the furniture and other articles which form part of the home and have been fitted into the council house by the parent and the daughter .

8941 ) , of which the Community is a signatory but which has not yet entered into force , it contains provisions similar to article 5 ( 1 ) of the Geneva Convention of 1958 ( see articles 91 and 94 ) .
8941 ) , of which the community is a signatory but which has not yet entered into force , it [has] provisions similar to article 5 ( 1 ) of the geneva convention of 1958 ( see articles 91 and 94 ) .

The last page contains a summary of the information required for the purposes of section 13 , though some consideration is also required of the first page .
the last page [has] a summary of the information required for the purposes of section 13 , though some consideration is also required of the first page .

It contains a summary for mortgage purposes and statistics and can be used by the society instead of a report and mortgage valuation .
it [has] a summary for mortgage purposes and statistics and can be used by the society instead of a report and mortgage valuation .

‘ Responsibility is accepted in the preparation of this report for the skill and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent surveyor and valuer but the information it contains is for the confidential information only of the clients for whom it is prepared and of any building society , bank or other lender to whom written application for a mortgage advance has been made or will be made within 28 days after the date of this report .
‘ responsibility is accepted in the preparation of this report for the skill and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent surveyor and valuer but the information it [has] is for the confidential information only of the clients for whom it is prepared and of any building society , bank or other lender to whom written application for a mortgage advance has been made or will be made within 28 days after the date of this report .

The Act of 1986 contains provisions relating to many different aspects of receivership , all designed to improve the efficacy of the contractual machinery and to protect the interests of those affected by the receivership .
the act of 1986 [has] provisions relating to many different aspects of receivership , all designed to improve the efficacy of the contractual machinery and to protect the interests of those affected by the receivership .

Schedule 4 to the rules contains a form of order setting aside the demand ( Form 6.6 ) .
schedule 4 to the rules [has] a form of order setting aside the demand ( form 6.6 ) .

Schedule 4 to the rules contains an order for substituted service ( Form 6.15 ) and a notice for insertion in the London Gazette ( Form 6.16 ) .
schedule 4 to the rules [has] an order for substituted service ( form 6.15 ) and a notice for insertion in the london gazette ( form 6.16 ) .

Schedule 4 to the rules contains two such affidavits-of personal service ( Form 6.17 ) and of substituted service ( Form 6.18 ) .
schedule 4 to the rules [has] two such affidavits-of personal service ( form 6.17 ) and of substituted service ( form 6.18 ) .

If the petition contains a request for the appointment as trustee of the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement , a report must be filed at court ( not less than two days before the hearing ) stated that his intention to seek appointment was notified to creditors and what response was received ( r 6.10(5) ) .
if the petition [has] a request for the appointment as trustee of the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement , a report must be filed at court ( not less than two days before the hearing ) stated that his intention to seek appointment was notified to creditors and what response was received ( r 6.10(5) ) .

It contains 7,000–8,000 products including the company 's new Horizon windlass , which is sold in 1kw and 1.5kw models suitable for boats up to 55ft ( 16.8m ) .
it [has] 7,000–8,000 products including the company 's new horizon windlass , which is sold in 1kw and 1.5kw models suitable for boats up to 55ft ( 16.8m ) .

The deckhouse contains a small area of seating and a spacious wet locker to port .
the deckhouse [has] a small area of seating and a spacious wet locker to port .

The figures are mounted on a square pedestal which still contains the iron rivet for pivoting the blade .
the figures are mounted on a square pedestal which still [has] the iron rivet for pivoting the blade .

The flattened rectangular section behind the neck contains traces of a large iron blade , possibly a double-edged dagger or short sword .
the flattened rectangular section behind the neck [has] traces of a large iron blade , possibly a double-edged dagger or short sword .

The handle has an elliptical-shaped opening which is 14mm in depth , by 3mm at its widest point , and this contains part of the iron blade .
the handle has an elliptical-shaped opening which is 14mm in depth , by 3mm at its widest point , and this [has] part of the iron blade .

Going back a few years , Treasure Hunting , January 1983 issue , contains an article concerning a button that had been found , and requested information on the unit mentioned .
going back a few years , treasure hunting , january 1983 issue , [has] an article concerning a button that had been found , and requested information on the unit mentioned .

The sufferers from alcoholism or any form of drug addiction would therefore be recommended to abstain from : i. all forms of alcohol , including products that contain alcohol ( such as some mouthwashes ) , communion wine that contains alcohol and food prepared with alcohol ( unless it has all evaporated in the process ) .
the sufferers from alcoholism or any form of drug addiction would therefore be recommended to abstain from : i. all forms of alcohol , including products that contain alcohol ( such as some mouthwashes ) , communion wine that [has] alcohol and food prepared with alcohol ( unless it has all evaporated in the process ) .

Our version of occam thus contains only the essential core needed to write simple programs .
our version of occam thus [has] only the essential core needed to write simple programs .

Indeed for any particular finite value set it will be possible to give a complete finitary rule based on the fact that , since any program only contains finitely many variables , it can be regarded as a finite state machine ( with a huge umber of states ) .
indeed for any particular finite value set it will be possible to give a complete finitary rule based on the fact that , since any program only [has] finitely many variables , it can be regarded as a finite state machine ( with a huge umber of states ) .

Suppose no two of the processes can communicate on the same global channel ( even internally ) , that the list contains each free variable that can be input or assigned to by one Pi and used ( in any way ) in another , and that no has a free occurrence of any of the channels .
suppose no two of the processes can communicate on the same global channel ( even internally ) , that the list [has] each free variable that can be input or assigned to by one pi and used ( in any way ) in another , and that no has a free occurrence of any of the channels .

Time and again we find him casting out unclean spirits from afflicted people : it is one of the well-known characteristics of Mark 's Gospel which on the whole contains little teaching , but a great deal of action by Jesus .
time and again we find him casting out unclean spirits from afflicted people : it is one of the well-known characteristics of mark 's gospel which on the whole [has] little teaching , but a great deal of action by jesus .

It contains all the great themes of the Gospel .
it [has] all the great themes of the gospel .

1 This story contains other stories , which we can only guess at .
1 this story [has] other stories , which we can only guess at .

The picture contains the beginnings of lots of true stories that people can remember about themselves .
the picture [has] the beginnings of lots of true stories that people can remember about themselves .

3 Meat contains protein .
3 meat [has] protein .

’ It contains sections of a report assembled by a self-employed intelligence agent from Ichael , who made a study of the planet Ardakke . ’
’ it [has] sections of a report assembled by a self-employed intelligence agent from ichael , who made a study of the planet ardakke . ’

’ Because it contains material about the Ardakkeans that might stimulate your sense of humour .
’ because it [has] material about the ardakkeans that might stimulate your sense of humour .

There is little sentiment in the population at large for attacks upon the position of the monarchy , and the `` fact `` that we have a constitutional monarchy contains within itself the idea that the Crown has no personal political power but exercises prerogatives solely on the advice of ministers responsible to Parliament .
there is little sentiment in the population at large for attacks upon the position of the monarchy , and the `` fact `` that we have a constitutional monarchy [has] within itself the idea that the crown has no personal political power but exercises prerogatives solely on the advice of ministers responsible to parliament .

New task purchasing , with its inherent lack of previous experience of the product to be purchased , contains the greatest risk for the organisation .
new task purchasing , with its inherent lack of previous experience of the product to be purchased , [has] the greatest risk for the organisation .

Similarly , it may be highly risky if the product or brand contains only those benefits and costs selected on a subjective basis by the supplier , without reference to the marketplace itself .
similarly , it may be highly risky if the product or brand [has] only those benefits and costs selected on a subjective basis by the supplier , without reference to the marketplace itself .

Frankly , ‘ Naive ’ contains far more threats than thrills .
frankly , ‘ naive ’ [has] far more threats than thrills .

The Institute houses the Department of Music and contains a lecture theatre , concert hall , and art gallery , in addition to an outstanding library of 35,000 volumes on the fine arts .
the institute houses the department of music and [has] a lecture theatre , concert hall , and art gallery , in addition to an outstanding library of 35,000 volumes on the fine arts .

His last publication , the Musica nova of 1559 , contains 33 motets as against 24 madrigalian settings of Petrarch sonnets and the proportion of motets ( more than three hundred ) to madrigals ( sixty odd ) in his total output is much greater .
his last publication , the musica nova of 1559 , [has] 33 motets as against 24 madrigalian settings of petrarch sonnets and the proportion of motets ( more than three hundred ) to madrigals ( sixty odd ) in his total output is much greater .

More surprisingly , Buus and Annibale Padovano , organists at St. Mark 's , composed their ricercari originally for four solo instruments — Buus 's two books in 1547 and 1549 and Annibale 's in 1556 — and Buus 's sole Intabolatura d'Organo ( also 1549 ) contains only four pieces : ornamented transcriptions of four of the other ricercari obviously made for the use of the ‘ molto nobile e vertuoso giovane ’ to whom they are dedicated .
more surprisingly , buus and annibale padovano , organists at st. mark 's , composed their ricercari originally for four solo instruments — buus 's two books in 1547 and 1549 and annibale 's in 1556 — and buus 's sole intabolatura d'organo ( also 1549 ) [has] only four pieces : ornamented transcriptions of four of the other ricercari obviously made for the use of the ‘ molto nobile e vertuoso giovane ’ to whom they are dedicated .

Besard 's Thesaurus , on the other hand , contains more than forty fantasias and nearly as many praeludia , as well as a great quantity of dances .
besard 's thesaurus , on the other hand , [has] more than forty fantasias and nearly as many praeludia , as well as a great quantity of dances .

The first four are normal , though the Fourth Book contains pieces , e.g .
the first four are normal , though the fourth book [has] pieces , e.g .

The solution to this situation revolves around a celebration of ‘ variety ’ which contains an element that is hostile to the principle of comprehensive education and considers it ill-conceived .
the solution to this situation revolves around a celebration of ‘ variety ’ which [has] an element that is hostile to the principle of comprehensive education and considers it ill-conceived .

The chapter contains an outline of the panels , case studies of three boy pupils and Neil Toppin 's evaluation of the successes and problems they have met .
the chapter [has] an outline of the panels , case studies of three boy pupils and neil toppin 's evaluation of the successes and problems they have met .

As Weick ( 1985 ) says , action rationality contains a dilemma for top managers .
as weick ( 1985 ) says , action rationality [has] a dilemma for top managers .

The wasp will remember exactly what to do at each burrow , according to its stage in the cycle , and the number of caterpillars it already contains , even though she may not have visited it for several days .
the wasp will remember exactly what to do at each burrow , according to its stage in the cycle , and the number of caterpillars it already [has] , even though she may not have visited it for several days .

The environment of an animal contains all sorts of things , some of which are edible and some of which are not .
the environment of an animal [has] all sorts of things , some of which are edible and some of which are not .

The monarch eats the poisons as a caterpillar , when its food plant is the asclepiad , or ‘ milkweed ’ , which contains cardiac glycosides .
the monarch eats the poisons as a caterpillar , when its food plant is the asclepiad , or ‘ milkweed ’ , which [has] cardiac glycosides .

Its alarm pheromone contains over thirty different chemicals .
its alarm pheromone [has] over thirty different chemicals .

His work The Descent of Man contains several sections on ‘ the law of battle ’ in different animal groups ; he collected a large number of anecdotal observations , all of active fighting , blood-letting and carnage .
his work the descent of man [has] several sections on ‘ the law of battle ’ in different animal groups ; he collected a large number of anecdotal observations , all of active fighting , blood-letting and carnage .

In fact the two men may have met sooner ; a sketchbook of Picasso 's which he filled with drawings in the early spring of that year contains some short written entries which mention Braque twice .
in fact the two men may have met sooner ; a sketchbook of picasso 's which he filled with drawings in the early spring of that year [has] some short written entries which mention braque twice .

But Braque 's work contains none of the expressionistic violence of Picasso 's .
but braque 's work [has] none of the expressionistic violence of picasso 's .

This overlapping of styles is seen throughout the entire pre-war period , and since every phase contains the seeds for future developments , one is forced to take as focal points works in which discoveries or innovations are fully realized , rather than those in which they are first suggested .
this overlapping of styles is seen throughout the entire pre-war period , and since every phase [has] the seeds for future developments , one is forced to take as focal points works in which discoveries or innovations are fully realized , rather than those in which they are first suggested .

It is however this very flexibility of the jurisdiction concept which , if pushed too far , contains the seeds of its own destruction , or at least redundancy .
it is however this very flexibility of the jurisdiction concept which , if pushed too far , [has] the seeds of its own destruction , or at least redundancy .

The jurisdictional fact contains the requirement of reasonable cause to believe and this would be a condition precedent to the exercise of a power to imprison .
the jurisdictional fact [has] the requirement of reasonable cause to believe and this would be a condition precedent to the exercise of a power to imprison .

The Sale of Goods Act , 1979 also contains provisions preventing consumers ' rights from being eroded by exclusion clauses and special guarantees .
the sale of goods act , 1979 also [has] provisions preventing consumers ' rights from being eroded by exclusion clauses and special guarantees .

Kuwait oil contains about 2 to 3 per cent of sulphur and 0.6 per cent of nitrogen ( 0.2 per cent in the fuel plus 0.4 per cent formed in the hot flames as nitric oxide ) .
kuwait oil [has] about 2 to 3 per cent of sulphur and 0.6 per cent of nitrogen ( 0.2 per cent in the fuel plus 0.4 per cent formed in the hot flames as nitric oxide ) .

Miliband 's book is important because it contains within it a bridge between instrumentalist and structuralist accounts of the state and power in capitalist society .
miliband 's book is important because it [has] within it a bridge between instrumentalist and structuralist accounts of the state and power in capitalist society .

Mills 's account of the power elite contains as much empirical evidence as pluralist accounts .
mills 's account of the power elite [has] as much empirical evidence as pluralist accounts .

In a parallel cage to this learning mouse is another ; however , this second cage contains no shelf .
in a parallel cage to this learning mouse is another ; however , this second cage [has] no shelf .

It has a seemingly simple and limited behavioural repertoire , including various forms of learning , while its relatively easily mapped central nervous system contains only a small number of cells — no more than 20,000 neurons in all , arranged in a system of distributed ganglia and including amongst them a population of very large cells which can be recognized easily and reproducibly from animal to animal .
it has a seemingly simple and limited behavioural repertoire , including various forms of learning , while its relatively easily mapped central nervous system [has] only a small number of cells — no more than 20,000 neurons in all , arranged in a system of distributed ganglia and including amongst them a population of very large cells which can be recognized easily and reproducibly from animal to animal .

The Aplysia nervous system contains relatively few nerve cells , but amongst them are some which are rather large .
the aplysia nervous system [has] relatively few nerve cells , but amongst them are some which are rather large .

This can be contrasted with the situation in the vertebrate brain , which contains many but small neurons with a multitude of rich interconnections .
this can be contrasted with the situation in the vertebrate brain , which [has] many but small neurons with a multitude of rich interconnections .

Report 11 ( Alexander and Willcocks 1992 ) contains a large number of annotated examples from our considerable body of transcript material : they repay close analysis .
report 11 ( alexander and willcocks 1992 ) [has] a large number of annotated examples from our considerable body of transcript material : they repay close analysis .

The Treasury will develop a system of control that temporarily contains the pressures : the spending departments will adapt .
the treasury will develop a system of control that temporarily [has] the pressures : the spending departments will adapt .

The Life of Johnson makes plain how Boswell had been staking out the ground since their early acquaintance , making notes immediately after each meeting of what he himself was eventually to ‘ consider the peculiar value ’ of the Life , ‘ that is , the quantity it contains of Johnson 's conversation ’ .
the life of johnson makes plain how boswell had been staking out the ground since their early acquaintance , making notes immediately after each meeting of what he himself was eventually to ‘ consider the peculiar value ’ of the life , ‘ that is , the quantity it [has] of johnson 's conversation ’ .

It contains no pretentiousness , has scarcely dated , and throws out many lessons — not least Johnson 's writerly good manners : if he uses a Greek tag he gives the translation .
it [has] no pretentiousness , has scarcely dated , and throws out many lessons — not least johnson 's writerly good manners : if he uses a greek tag he gives the translation .

This small graveyard contains the ‘ repositories for the dead ’ of the Macleod generations .
this small graveyard [has] the ‘ repositories for the dead ’ of the macleod generations .

Since patronising behaviour always contains a curious element of innocence , Boswell was inflated with pride , ‘ elated by the thought of having been able to entice such a man to this remote part of the world ’ , and his tongue , thus loosened , flicked out a memorable simile of himself .
since patronising behaviour always [has] a curious element of innocence , boswell was inflated with pride , ‘ elated by the thought of having been able to entice such a man to this remote part of the world ’ , and his tongue , thus loosened , flicked out a memorable simile of himself .

As happens many times throughout , and frequently in footnotes , one sentence of Boswell 's from the after-dinner conversation contains the seeds of a novel — even , potentially , a saga : .
as happens many times throughout , and frequently in footnotes , one sentence of boswell 's from the after-dinner conversation [has] the seeds of a novel — even , potentially , a saga : .

the room contains no sound
the room [has] no sound

An important caveat to such generalisations is that the category of the ‘ mass media ’ contains a variety of means and forms of communication .
an important caveat to such generalisations is that the category of the ‘ mass media ’ [has] a variety of means and forms of communication .

This section of the Apocrypha contains a large amount of juvenilia , useful mainly to the psychobiographer .
this section of the apocrypha [has] a large amount of juvenilia , useful mainly to the psychobiographer .

Thru subverts the literary theory which has as its premise that every narrative contains a meaning and that this meaning can be accounted for in terms of a universal ‘ elementary structure of signification ’ which posits woman as an object of exchange between men .
thru subverts the literary theory which has as its premise that every narrative [has] a meaning and that this meaning can be accounted for in terms of a universal ‘ elementary structure of signification ’ which posits woman as an object of exchange between men .

Not only does it constitute the object of its own criticism , it also contains a number of theories of this criticism , and in a recursive move that can truly be termed deconstructive , it presents criticism of these theories and it narrativizes this criticism .
not only does it constitute the object of its own criticism , it also [has] a number of theories of this criticism , and in a recursive move that can truly be termed deconstructive , it presents criticism of these theories and it narrativizes this criticism .

Of which the speed contains its own repose
of which the speed [has] its own repose

This is a lovely feature of the property with deep full width paved patio leading to the beautiful rear garden which contains a very well tended lawn with well stocked surrounding borders containing a variety of mature trees and shrubs .
this is a lovely feature of the property with deep full width paved patio leading to the beautiful rear garden which [has] a very well tended lawn with well stocked surrounding borders containing a variety of mature trees and shrubs .

The surrounding area contains a number of superior properties and the demand for properties of this type is extremely high .
the surrounding area [has] a number of superior properties and the demand for properties of this type is extremely high .

In fact , if you could put the game in a packet and onto a shelf , think of all the labels you could put on it : ‘ CFC-free ! ’ , ‘ Requires no batteries ! ’ ( except in golf carts ) , ‘ Contains no detergents ! ’ and ‘ Keeps houses off beautiful land ! ’
in fact , if you could put the game in a packet and onto a shelf , think of all the labels you could put on it : ‘ cfc-free ! ’ , ‘ requires no batteries ! ’ ( except in golf carts ) , ‘ [has] no detergents ! ’ and ‘ keeps houses off beautiful land ! ’

The book contains chapters such as ‘ Playing a round with nature ’ ( presumably it plays off scratch ) , as well as a roll call of courses which have worked with the environment in their design and management , namely Royal Troon , Royal St. David 's ( in Harlech ) , Tenby , Lindrick ( in South Yorkshire ) , Gleneagles ( which provides a habitat for , amongst others , kestrels , partridges , pheasants and roe deer ) , Luffenham Heath , Sundridge Park , Royal Birkdale , Woodhall Spa and Western Gailes .
the book [has] chapters such as ‘ playing a round with nature ’ ( presumably it plays off scratch ) , as well as a roll call of courses which have worked with the environment in their design and management , namely royal troon , royal st. david 's ( in harlech ) , tenby , lindrick ( in south yorkshire ) , gleneagles ( which provides a habitat for , amongst others , kestrels , partridges , pheasants and roe deer ) , luffenham heath , sundridge park , royal birkdale , woodhall spa and western gailes .

The Heinz Baby Club Safety Catalogue contains tons of useful advice and practical equipment .
the heinz baby club safety catalogue [has] tons of useful advice and practical equipment .

And of course you can rest assured the product contains no artificial colours , flavours or preservatives .
and of course you can rest assured the product [has] no artificial colours , flavours or preservatives .

Each roll contains around 50 colourful sandwich bags and we have 1000 to give away to readers .
each roll [has] around 50 colourful sandwich bags and we have 1000 to give away to readers .

It costs £19.99 and contains a bar of soap , bottle of shampoo , toothbrush and toothpaste , pack of sanitary towels and three hairbrushes ; for your baby , there 's a smart Babygro , pack of ten nappies , tissues , a large pack of baby wipes , Vaseline , baby lotion and powder , and a large bag of cotton wool .
it costs £19.99 and [has] a bar of soap , bottle of shampoo , toothbrush and toothpaste , pack of sanitary towels and three hairbrushes ; for your baby , there 's a smart babygro , pack of ten nappies , tissues , a large pack of baby wipes , vaseline , baby lotion and powder , and a large bag of cotton wool .

Professor James believes that the average British diet is too rich in fat , saturated fat , sugar and salt , contains too few starchy foods , such as cereals and bread , and not enough fruit and vegetables .
professor james believes that the average british diet is too rich in fat , saturated fat , sugar and salt , [has] too few starchy foods , such as cereals and bread , and not enough fruit and vegetables .

Nowadays , bacon is cured by injecting fresh pork with brine , or soaking it in bring which contains permitted nitrite and nitrate preservatives .
nowadays , bacon is cured by injecting fresh pork with brine , or soaking it in bring which [has] permitted nitrite and nitrate preservatives .

If the water contains dye , the dye will be sucked up too — right to the top of the plant .
if the water [has] dye , the dye will be sucked up too — right to the top of the plant .

Perhaps the most telling sentence in the book is ‘ Remember , your own doctor or chemist may not always be able to tell you whether a drug contains a banned substance .
perhaps the most telling sentence in the book is ‘ remember , your own doctor or chemist may not always be able to tell you whether a drug [has] a banned substance .

Its water contains much more salt than normal sea water .
its water [has] much more salt than normal sea water .

An example , albeit simplified , of a typical integrated capital budgeting system is shown in Exhibit 1 . This contains four key elements :
an example , albeit simplified , of a typical integrated capital budgeting system is shown in exhibit 1 . this [has] four key elements :

Each pack contains thirty-five young plants .
each pack [has] thirty-five young plants .

For example , Delight Extra Low spreads deliciously on fresh bread but contains only 20 % fat , compared with 80 % for butter or margarine and 40 % for most low fat spreads .
for example , delight extra low spreads deliciously on fresh bread but [has] only 20 % fat , compared with 80 % for butter or margarine and 40 % for most low fat spreads .

The Delight range contains party favourites such as pâté ( Brussels , Ardennes and Chicken ) , Sliced Meats and Fromage Frais .
the delight range [has] party favourites such as pâté ( brussels , ardennes and chicken ) , sliced meats and fromage frais .

7 Which of the following contains the highest percentage of fat ?
7 which of the following [has] the highest percentage of fat ?

The low-fat sauce takes seconds to make and contains a fraction of the calories of butter .
the low-fat sauce takes seconds to make and [has] a fraction of the calories of butter .

Uvistat 's range contains no products with a sun protection factor below 6 , as dermatologists do n't recommend them , regardless of how dark your skin is naturally .
uvistat 's range [has] no products with a sun protection factor below 6 , as dermatologists do n't recommend them , regardless of how dark your skin is naturally .

Vichy has recently made a breakthrough with the introduction of its ‘ night renewal cream ’ , Régènium , which contains ingrafted collagen .
vichy has recently made a breakthrough with the introduction of its ‘ night renewal cream ’ , régènium , which [has] ingrafted collagen .

This light emulsion contains an ultra-fine powder ingredient which sits on the skin and alters the rate at which light bounces off it : the result is a complexion which refuses to look or act its age .
this light emulsion [has] an ultra-fine powder ingredient which sits on the skin and alters the rate at which light bounces off it : the result is a complexion which refuses to look or act its age .

It disappears without trace on the skin and , because it contains hydrogels , highly absorbent substances which hold 1,000 times their weight in water , it reduces evaporation of moisture from the skin dramatically .
it disappears without trace on the skin and , because it [has] hydrogels , highly absorbent substances which hold 1,000 times their weight in water , it reduces evaporation of moisture from the skin dramatically .

In all , Rennes-le-Chateau contains all the ingredients of a good mystery , with treasures ranging from that of the Temple of Solomon , the treasures of the Visigoths , who made Rhedae ( Rennes-le-Chateau ) their capital , to the Knights Templar in the nearby le Bezu and the Cathars , who were exterminated at Montsegur at the end of the Albigensian crusades .
in all , rennes-le-chateau [has] all the ingredients of a good mystery , with treasures ranging from that of the temple of solomon , the treasures of the visigoths , who made rhedae ( rennes-le-chateau ) their capital , to the knights templar in the nearby le bezu and the cathars , who were exterminated at montsegur at the end of the albigensian crusades .

Contains greetings .
[has] greetings .

Here 's a lovely winter scene but it contains ten deliberate mistakes .
here 's a lovely winter scene but it [has] ten deliberate mistakes .

Most people live where they do because it contains factories , farms and offices , or perhaps transport facilities , educational institutions or research laboratories , which draw income into the area .
most people live where they do because it [has] factories , farms and offices , or perhaps transport facilities , educational institutions or research laboratories , which draw income into the area .

Archetypal suburbia from the 1920s contains virtually no housing for private renting .
archetypal suburbia from the 1920s [has] virtually no housing for private renting .

This contains chapters on fertility , the family , divorce , old age , education , housing , internal migration and ethnic minorities , as well as a chapter stressing the significance and implications of population change for planning and policy-making .
this [has] chapters on fertility , the family , divorce , old age , education , housing , internal migration and ethnic minorities , as well as a chapter stressing the significance and implications of population change for planning and policy-making .

Term 5 contains a block teaching practice , and thus the course has a programme allocation of five weeks .
term 5 [has] a block teaching practice , and thus the course has a programme allocation of five weeks .

Schedule 1 , which contains the ‘ working languages ’ of the European Community , includes those minority community languages of Britain which happen to be the mother-tongues of members of the white population e.g .
schedule 1 , which [has] the ‘ working languages ’ of the european community , includes those minority community languages of britain which happen to be the mother-tongues of members of the white population e.g .

In addition it also contains Russian .
in addition it also [has] russian .

When we started the project in 1983 we began in Peterborough , a fairly average city you would think , whose population contains about 17 % of people of non-English origin .
when we started the project in 1983 we began in peterborough , a fairly average city you would think , whose population [has] about 17 % of people of non-english origin .

That kind of discourse , which after all is the kernel of academic discourse , contains within its own deep structure implicit claims as to veracity , sincerity , coherence and comprehensibility .
that kind of discourse , which after all is the kernel of academic discourse , [has] within its own deep structure implicit claims as to veracity , sincerity , coherence and comprehensibility .

If this is so , then academic discourse contains this hidden structure as a kind of metadiscourse .
if this is so , then academic discourse [has] this hidden structure as a kind of metadiscourse .

( Chapter 7 contains an attempt to follow through the implications for the internal life of institutions of their practising such a Habermas type communicative rationality . )
( chapter 7 [has] an attempt to follow through the implications for the internal life of institutions of their practising such a habermas type communicative rationality . )

Processing this , especially if it contains greyscale information , is going to need a significant amount of power which probably explains why the Printware device contains two Motorola 68000s .
processing this , especially if it [has] greyscale information , is going to need a significant amount of power which probably explains why the printware device [has] two motorola 68000s .

An intelligent page printer such as Apple 's LaserWriter contains its own computer , in this instance the processor is actually more powerful than the Macintosh !
an intelligent page printer such as apple 's laserwriter [has] its own computer , in this instance the processor is actually more powerful than the macintosh !

Even though very few strikes create a real crisis of control in firms , any strike , no matter how short- lived , contains the seeds of a deeper threat to management .
even though very few strikes create a real crisis of control in firms , any strike , no matter how short- lived , [has] the seeds of a deeper threat to management .

The dedication contains the somewhat bitter generalization that ‘ the policie of times may hold it unfit to raise men humbled with adversities to titles of dearnesse ’ , which could apply to Cavendish 's own situation at the end of Elizabeth 's reign .
the dedication [has] the somewhat bitter generalization that ‘ the policie of times may hold it unfit to raise men humbled with adversities to titles of dearnesse ’ , which could apply to cavendish 's own situation at the end of elizabeth 's reign .

The Correspondence of John Locke contains nearly four hundred letters to and from the Clarke family , from 1682 to 1704 .
the correspondence of john locke [has] nearly four hundred letters to and from the clarke family , from 1682 to 1704 .

Stutchbury 's journal contains important observations on coral reefs and is one of the few detailed accounts of the early pearling industry in the Tuamotus .
stutchbury 's journal [has] important observations on coral reefs and is one of the few detailed accounts of the early pearling industry in the tuamotus .

The last of these contains examples of Sumner 's stained glass .
the last of these [has] examples of sumner 's stained glass .

Another confusion is possibly with a Thomas Anglicus , whose Liber propugnatorius ( c .1311 ) contains an attack upon Duns Scotus [ q.v . ]
another confusion is possibly with a thomas anglicus , whose liber propugnatorius ( c .1311 ) [has] an attack upon duns scotus [ q.v . ]

The Specimen Case ( 1924 ) contains stories of both Kai Lung and Max Carrados , the main reason for which Bramah , emerging from his usual seclusion , explains in the preface .
the specimen case ( 1924 ) [has] stories of both kai lung and max carrados , the main reason for which bramah , emerging from his usual seclusion , explains in the preface .

In his Theory of Light and Colour ( 1777 ) , he suggested that the retina of the eye contains three different kinds of particle ( elsewhere he speaks of ‘ molecules ’ or ‘ fibres ’ ) , each of which is excited by a different kind of light .
in his theory of light and colour ( 1777 ) , he suggested that the retina of the eye [has] three different kinds of particle ( elsewhere he speaks of ‘ molecules ’ or ‘ fibres ’ ) , each of which is excited by a different kind of light .

This work contains an engraved portrait , showing aquiline features , evidently drawn in middle life .
this work [has] an engraved portrait , showing aquiline features , evidently drawn in middle life .

It contains a solution to the problem ( in Bayes 's words ) : ‘ Given the number of times in which an unknown event has happened and failed : Required the chance that the probability of its happening in a single trial lies somewhere between any two degrees of probability that can be named .
it [has] a solution to the problem ( in bayes 's words ) : ‘ given the number of times in which an unknown event has happened and failed : required the chance that the probability of its happening in a single trial lies somewhere between any two degrees of probability that can be named .

The Act assumes that a company probably will maintain a register if it issues debenture stock or a series of debentures and the Act contains provisions , similar to , but not identical with , those relating to the membership register , concerning where the register shall be kept and who shall be entitled to inspect and obtain copies of it .
the act assumes that a company probably will maintain a register if it issues debenture stock or a series of debentures and the act [has] provisions , similar to , but not identical with , those relating to the membership register , concerning where the register shall be kept and who shall be entitled to inspect and obtain copies of it .

’ Section 395 contains a generic definition of what constitutes a charge and a partial definition of what constitutes property .
’ section 395 [has] a generic definition of what constitutes a charge and a partial definition of what constitutes property .

But the second part of the subsection , which seeks to reproduce the essence of the previous law — allowing for the substitution of ‘ violence ’ in place of ‘ breach of the peace ’ — is potentially confusing , because it contains both subjective and objective requirements as alternatives .
but the second part of the subsection , which seeks to reproduce the essence of the previous law — allowing for the substitution of ‘ violence ’ in place of ‘ breach of the peace ’ — is potentially confusing , because it [has] both subjective and objective requirements as alternatives .

In addition , the section contains two further references to intention , which will be dealt with in this Part .
in addition , the section [has] two further references to intention , which will be dealt with in this part .

The representation of a word in the mental lexicon is referred to as that word 's lexical entry : this entry contains semantic , phonological and orthographic information about the word .
the representation of a word in the mental lexicon is referred to as that word 's lexical entry : this entry [has] semantic , phonological and orthographic information about the word .

This figure contains all the separate information-processing components which seem to be needed to explain how we do all the things we can do with verbal stimuli , plus arrows indicating pathways of communication between these components .
this figure [has] all the separate information-processing components which seem to be needed to explain how we do all the things we can do with verbal stimuli , plus arrows indicating pathways of communication between these components .

In pattern masking , the stimulus which follows the briefly presented target is not a homogeneous field , but itself contains contours , for example , a randomly arranged collection of fragments of straight lines and curves .
in pattern masking , the stimulus which follows the briefly presented target is not a homogeneous field , but itself [has] contours , for example , a randomly arranged collection of fragments of straight lines and curves .

In other words , they were not directly listening for the sound /t/ in the speech as it came in , but rather determining that a word contains a /t/ after actually identifying the word .
in other words , they were not directly listening for the sound /t/ in the speech as it came in , but rather determining that a word [has] a /t/ after actually identifying the word .

The single most important difference between written and spoken language is that spoken language contains many incomplete sentences , and is often simply a sequence of phrases or clauses . As the following extract illustrates , breaking a transcription of spoken language into sentences often proves to be impossible ( the + in the transcript indicates where the speaker made a short pause ) :
the single most important difference between written and spoken language is that spoken language [has] many incomplete sentences , and is often simply a sequence of phrases or clauses . as the following extract illustrates , breaking a transcription of spoken language into sentences often proves to be impossible ( the + in the transcript indicates where the speaker made a short pause ) :

As we saw in this chapter , more recently it has been found that this account of processing can not be correct for at least three reasons : ( a ) there is evidence that syntactic and semantic processing is not delayed until the end of the clause ; ( b ) there is evidence that information about the specific wording is retained after the end of a clause if that clause contains nonspecific words which subsequent clauses will disambiguate ; ( c ) specific wording will also be retained if it has pragmatic significance .
as we saw in this chapter , more recently it has been found that this account of processing can not be correct for at least three reasons : ( a ) there is evidence that syntactic and semantic processing is not delayed until the end of the clause ; ( b ) there is evidence that information about the specific wording is retained after the end of a clause if that clause [has] nonspecific words which subsequent clauses will disambiguate ; ( c ) specific wording will also be retained if it has pragmatic significance .

The most striking difference is that whereas formal written language consists of clearly segmented sentences which are normally completely grammatical , spoken language is not clearly divided into sentences , and typically contains many errors .
the most striking difference is that whereas formal written language consists of clearly segmented sentences which are normally completely grammatical , spoken language is not clearly divided into sentences , and typically [has] many errors .

In addition to whole words , the closed class also contains affixes .
in addition to whole words , the closed class also [has] affixes .

speech is effortful , extremely hesitant , contains long pauses and is very non-fluent ;
speech is effortful , extremely hesitant , [has] long pauses and is very non-fluent ;

Concrete contains a considerable amount of free lime which is harmful in varying degrees to both fish and plants .
concrete [has] a considerable amount of free lime which is harmful in varying degrees to both fish and plants .

There is little substantial work yet published on the Next Steps , though the Treasury and Civil Service Committee ( 1990 ) contains a number of useful appendices .
there is little substantial work yet published on the next steps , though the treasury and civil service committee ( 1990 ) [has] a number of useful appendices .

It contains similar rhythmic elements , but they are used in different ways .
it [has] similar rhythmic elements , but they are used in different ways .

Each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .
each program [has] a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .

The analysis of maximum contributions determined during 1988–89 contained in the first Legal Aid Board Annual Report ( 1989–90 ) contains the following figures relating to all courts :
the analysis of maximum contributions determined during 1988–89 contained in the first legal aid board annual report ( 1989–90 ) [has] the following figures relating to all courts :

Extensive range of quality greetings and Christmas cards , stationery , wrapping paper , postcards , calendars ( including Advent calendars ) , art and children 's books and large pictures . Card series contains works by the Great Masters as well as those by contemporary artists and subjects produced especially for children
extensive range of quality greetings and christmas cards , stationery , wrapping paper , postcards , calendars ( including advent calendars ) , art and children 's books and large pictures . card series [has] works by the great masters as well as those by contemporary artists and subjects produced especially for children

The Moon contains less iron than the Earth , far less volatiles , and , at least on its surface , a greater abundance of refractory materials .
the moon [has] less iron than the earth , far less volatiles , and , at least on its surface , a greater abundance of refractory materials .

Mercury thus contains a much greater abundance of denser materials , the strong implication being that it is rich in metallic iron .
mercury thus [has] a much greater abundance of denser materials , the strong implication being that it is rich in metallic iron .

The belt surrounds Jupiter and contains ions and electrons with comparatively large energies of motion .
the belt surrounds jupiter and [has] ions and electrons with comparatively large energies of motion .

First , the belt , because it contains matter at a higher density than beyond it , exerts a net outward pressure .
first , the belt , because it [has] matter at a higher density than beyond it , exerts a net outward pressure .

The fact that Culpitt 's attempt to link these somewhat disparate themes is rather unsuccessful should not , however , dissuade potential readers from consulting this book , which contains a wide range of relevant and topical material which many social work practitioners will find invaluable in the current climate of ‘ managerialism ’ .
the fact that culpitt 's attempt to link these somewhat disparate themes is rather unsuccessful should not , however , dissuade potential readers from consulting this book , which [has] a wide range of relevant and topical material which many social work practitioners will find invaluable in the current climate of ‘ managerialism ’ .

British primary legislation , on the other hand , seldom contains anything more than a long title by way of a preamble , and does not refer to any preparatory works .
british primary legislation , on the other hand , seldom [has] anything more than a long title by way of a preamble , and does not refer to any preparatory works .

This pattern has been repeated in Council Directive 92/56 on collective redundancies , which contains detailed extracts from three paragraphs of the Social Charter in its recitals , but which is again made under Article 100 , and therefore unanimously .
this pattern has been repeated in council directive 92/56 on collective redundancies , which [has] detailed extracts from three paragraphs of the social charter in its recitals , but which is again made under article 100 , and therefore unanimously .

In this context it is worth recalling the long-established case law on the judicial review of a Community institution 's discretion where ‘ the evaluation of a complex economic situation ’ is involved : the Court must confine itself to examining whether the exercise of the discretion contains a manifest error , or constitutes a misuse of power or whether the institution did not ‘ clearly ’ exceed the bounds of its discretion .
in this context it is worth recalling the long-established case law on the judicial review of a community institution 's discretion where ‘ the evaluation of a complex economic situation ’ is involved : the court must confine itself to examining whether the exercise of the discretion [has] a manifest error , or constitutes a misuse of power or whether the institution did not ‘ clearly ’ exceed the bounds of its discretion .

Lord Browne-Wilkinson refers to material which ‘ clearly discloses the mischief aimed at or the legislative intention lying behind the ambiguous or obscure words ’ and which ‘ contains a clear indication from the minister of the mischief aimed at , or the nature of the case intended , by the legislation ’ .
lord browne-wilkinson refers to material which ‘ clearly discloses the mischief aimed at or the legislative intention lying behind the ambiguous or obscure words ’ and which ‘ [has] a clear indication from the minister of the mischief aimed at , or the nature of the case intended , by the legislation ’ .

Although Pepper v. Hart is the initial formulation of the relaxed exclusionary rule , the ambiguities which it contains and the failure to relate it to other aids to statutory construction are perhaps less deserving of a welcome .
although pepper v. hart is the initial formulation of the relaxed exclusionary rule , the ambiguities which it [has] and the failure to relate it to other aids to statutory construction are perhaps less deserving of a welcome .

The ‘ principle Against Doubtful penalisation ’ is also in this division although other presumptions are discussed in Division five which also contains an interesting treatment of purposive construction which the author regards as a modernized form of the mischief rule .
the ‘ principle against doubtful penalisation ’ is also in this division although other presumptions are discussed in division five which also [has] an interesting treatment of purposive construction which the author regards as a modernized form of the mischief rule .

Each reissued title is priced at £9.99 , and contains over 50 black and while illustrations .
each reissued title is priced at £9.99 , and [has] over 50 black and while illustrations .

The action design of these three is remarkable in that it contains all the essential elements of the action of the modern grand piano , including the check .
the action design of these three is remarkable in that it [has] all the essential elements of the action of the modern grand piano , including the check .

The Verona instrument therefore contains the oldest Stein piano we know , if the remembered date of 1777 is correct .
the verona instrument therefore [has] the oldest stein piano we know , if the remembered date of 1777 is correct .

There is a curious contradiction here between Shedlock 's remark that the manuscript seems to have been copied up as Purcell completed the various numbers and his observation that it contains the extra music written for Act 1 in the 1693 revival — ; or , to be more precise , labelled ‘ new ’ where it appears in the 1693 word-book .
there is a curious contradiction here between shedlock 's remark that the manuscript seems to have been copied up as purcell completed the various numbers and his observation that it [has] the extra music written for act 1 in the 1693 revival — ; or , to be more precise , labelled ‘ new ’ where it appears in the 1693 word-book .

Neither edition contains variant readings of any significance , but there is one very interesting feature .
neither edition [has] variant readings of any significance , but there is one very interesting feature .

Act 3 contains a whole cluster of consecutive movements over which the score and the quarto disagree .
act 3 [has] a whole cluster of consecutive movements over which the score and the quarto disagree .

Since the book mostly contains figures , a few figures in describing its contents seem appropriate .
since the book mostly [has] figures , a few figures in describing its contents seem appropriate .

The ornately printed label on one end read : ‘ Hatchard 's Patent Stencils : This box contains all the materials and instructions necessary to become proficient in the art of stencilling .
the ornately printed label on one end read : ‘ hatchard 's patent stencils : this box [has] all the materials and instructions necessary to become proficient in the art of stencilling .

‘ Oh , yes : two sources actually ; a dry extract of nux vomica — that is to say of the ground-up seeds of the plant ; this contains about five per cent strychnine ; and a preparation known as liquor strychnine hydrochloride which contains about one per cent of the hydrochloride . ’
‘ oh , yes : two sources actually ; a dry extract of nux vomica — that is to say of the ground-up seeds of the plant ; this [has] about five per cent strychnine ; and a preparation known as liquor strychnine hydrochloride which [has] about one per cent of the hydrochloride . ’

It is only too easy to find minor errors in a publication which contains so many names and so much information , but these are the very features likely to lead to the book being treated as a reference by local historians for years to come .
it is only too easy to find minor errors in a publication which [has] so many names and so much information , but these are the very features likely to lead to the book being treated as a reference by local historians for years to come .

The booklet contains advice on how to organise a local project , where to go for help , ( there is a comprehensive list of useful organisations in Wales ) and a section on helpful publications .
the booklet [has] advice on how to organise a local project , where to go for help , ( there is a comprehensive list of useful organisations in wales ) and a section on helpful publications .

This understanding of the subject matter contains an implicit weighting of the priorities .
this understanding of the subject matter [has] an implicit weighting of the priorities .

Block 16/12a , which contains South Birth and other ‘ Trees ’ fields — Pine , Elm and North Birch , lies in the central North Sea .
block 16/12a , which [has] south birth and other ‘ trees ’ fields — pine , elm and north birch , lies in the central north sea .

At Newton St. Loe , meanwhile , where Orpheus is enclosed by a border of simple guilloche , these birds are absent altogether , and the outer border of the single band ( which again contains mammals separated by trees ) is composed of a broken pattern of triangles .
at newton st. loe , meanwhile , where orpheus is enclosed by a border of simple guilloche , these birds are absent altogether , and the outer border of the single band ( which again [has] mammals separated by trees ) is composed of a broken pattern of triangles .

In room 10 at Chedworth , a square mosaic enclosed by a relieved swastika meander has a central roundel which contains a cantharus .
in room 10 at chedworth , a square mosaic enclosed by a relieved swastika meander has a central roundel which [has] a cantharus .

Between these triangles lie the four arms of the saltire , all of which seem to have been divided into three zones : two lozenges enclosing pentagonal devices with two heart-shaped petals , and a pentagonal area which contains a pelta-urn .
between these triangles lie the four arms of the saltire , all of which seem to have been divided into three zones : two lozenges enclosing pentagonal devices with two heart-shaped petals , and a pentagonal area which [has] a pelta-urn .

At Stonesfield , the roundel which contains the large geometric panel is bordered by four lozenge swastikas , comparable to those in four of the Woodchester geometric panels .
at stonesfield , the roundel which [has] the large geometric panel is bordered by four lozenge swastikas , comparable to those in four of the woodchester geometric panels .

Discourse , or text , deixis concerns the use of expressions within some utterance to refer to some portion of the discourse that contains that utterance ( including the utterance itself ) .
discourse , or text , deixis concerns the use of expressions within some utterance to refer to some portion of the discourse that [has] that utterance ( including the utterance itself ) .

utterance-initial anyway seems to indicate that the utterance that contains it is not addressed to the immediately preceding discourse , but to one or more steps back .
utterance-initial anyway seems to indicate that the utterance that [has] it is not addressed to the immediately preceding discourse , but to one or more steps back .

What they seem to do is indicate , often in very complex ways , just how the utterance that contains them is a response to , or a continuation of , some portion of the prior discourse .
what they seem to do is indicate , often in very complex ways , just how the utterance that [has] them is a response to , or a continuation of , some portion of the prior discourse .

Thus far , however , the fund contains only $ 9 million , it was reported at a review meeting in Nairobi .
thus far , however , the fund [has] only $ 9 million , it was reported at a review meeting in nairobi .

According to Friends of the Earth , Gabon contains huge tracts of virgin rainforest and has one of the slowest deforestation rates in Africa .
according to friends of the earth , gabon [has] huge tracts of virgin rainforest and has one of the slowest deforestation rates in africa .

The waste water , known as " tailings effluent " , contains high concentrations of sulphates , molybdenum and copper and was previously considered an ecological hazard .
the waste water , known as " tailings effluent " , [has] high concentrations of sulphates , molybdenum and copper and was previously considered an ecological hazard .

Situated 2,300 metres above sea , the air contains about a third the amount of oxygen of that at sea level .
situated 2,300 metres above sea , the air [has] about a third the amount of oxygen of that at sea level .

The main building contains tutors ' rooms , research rooms , a computing room , laboratories , and cartographic and administrative offices .
the main building [has] tutors ' rooms , research rooms , a computing room , laboratories , and cartographic and administrative offices .

One of the new wings contains the main lecture hall , a classroom for practical work , a seminar room and tutors ' rooms .
one of the new wings [has] the main lecture hall , a classroom for practical work , a seminar room and tutors ' rooms .

The laboratory also contains a senior research associate ( the head of a college ) .
the laboratory also [has] a senior research associate ( the head of a college ) .

The 60,000 square-mile swamp contains 650 species of birds , 230 of fish , 80 of mammals and 50 of reptiles .
the 60,000 square-mile swamp [has] 650 species of birds , 230 of fish , 80 of mammals and 50 of reptiles .

Knowledge of the currents is important to scientists studying the ebb and flow of the Antarctic ice sheet which contains about 90 per cent of the world 's ice .
knowledge of the currents is important to scientists studying the ebb and flow of the antarctic ice sheet which [has] about 90 per cent of the world 's ice .

In total , the report contains reinstatement plans for 93 plants , 17 bats , 26 marine mammals , five other mammals , nine amphibians , reptiles and marine turtles , three fish and 28 invertebrates .
in total , the report [has] reinstatement plans for 93 plants , 17 bats , 26 marine mammals , five other mammals , nine amphibians , reptiles and marine turtles , three fish and 28 invertebrates .

Like [ 2 – 6 ] , it contains two juxtaposed elements .
like [ 2 – 6 ] , it [has] two juxtaposed elements .

The first segment ( a ) contains a description of Gardner 's appearance which , although it may list the respects in which Gardner deviated from Carver 's idea of a writer , does not necessarily communicate an accurate impression of Carver 's initial reaction .
the first segment ( a ) [has] a description of gardner 's appearance which , although it may list the respects in which gardner deviated from carver 's idea of a writer , does not necessarily communicate an accurate impression of carver 's initial reaction .

The document which contains a takeover offer .
the document which [has] a takeover offer .

Article 5 ( 1 ) contains further definitions as follows : `` a group of connected individuals `` , in relation to the party disposing of shares in the company , means persons each of whom is , or is a close relative of , a director or manager of the company and , in relation to the party acquiring the shares , means persons each of whom is , or is a close relative of , a person who is to be a director or manager of the company ; `` close relation `` means a person 's spouse , his children ( including , in Northern Ireland , his adopted children ) and step-children , his parents and step-parents , his brothers and sisters , and his step-brothers and step-sisters and includes a person acting in the capacity of trustee or personal representative of any such relative ; and `` single individual `` includes two or more persons acting in their capacity as the personal representatives of a single individual .
article 5 ( 1 ) [has] further definitions as follows : `` a group of connected individuals `` , in relation to the party disposing of shares in the company , means persons each of whom is , or is a close relative of , a director or manager of the company and , in relation to the party acquiring the shares , means persons each of whom is , or is a close relative of , a person who is to be a director or manager of the company ; `` close relation `` means a person 's spouse , his children ( including , in northern ireland , his adopted children ) and step-children , his parents and step-parents , his brothers and sisters , and his step-brothers and step-sisters and includes a person acting in the capacity of trustee or personal representative of any such relative ; and `` single individual `` includes two or more persons acting in their capacity as the personal representatives of a single individual .

This contains a formula offers guidance note .
this [has] a formula offers guidance note .

[ 4.1 ] The Landlord may at any time before the Certificate Date require the form of the Lease and the rights and obligations of the parties under it to be varied in such manner as the Landlord shall [ reasonably ] require to take account of any modifications made in accordance with clause 2.4 after the date of this agreement There is limited scope in this clause for substantial amendment to the form of the lease and as very few amendments are foreseeable , a tenant may be justified in deleting this provision , although clause 4.2 contains safeguards which make the clause tolerable if the landlord insists on its retention .
[ 4.1 ] the landlord may at any time before the certificate date require the form of the lease and the rights and obligations of the parties under it to be varied in such manner as the landlord shall [ reasonably ] require to take account of any modifications made in accordance with clause 2.4 after the date of this agreement there is limited scope in this clause for substantial amendment to the form of the lease and as very few amendments are foreseeable , a tenant may be justified in deleting this provision , although clause 4.2 [has] safeguards which make the clause tolerable if the landlord insists on its retention .

Any clause containing the right for the landlord to vary the lease more substantially should be resisted strongly and the footnote to this clause contains the suggestion that in such circumstances the tenant should insist on a provision that no variation be made which would , eg reduce the area of the premises or affect their use or increase the tenant 's liability under the lease .
any clause containing the right for the landlord to vary the lease more substantially should be resisted strongly and the footnote to this clause [has] the suggestion that in such circumstances the tenant should insist on a provision that no variation be made which would , eg reduce the area of the premises or affect their use or increase the tenant 's liability under the lease .

This clause contains a number of matters of principal importance .
this clause [has] a number of matters of principal importance .

It is better to exclude the guarantor as one of the parties to the lease to avoid problems where the lease contains reference to " the consent of the parties " thereby including the guarantor .
it is better to exclude the guarantor as one of the parties to the lease to avoid problems where the lease [has] reference to " the consent of the parties " thereby including the guarantor .

7.7 Tenant 's insurance covenants It is important that the lease contains general covenants on the part of the tenant relating to insurance sufficient to ensure that the insurance is not vitiated because of foolish acts on the part of the tenant . The Tenant covenants with the Landlord :
7.7 tenant 's insurance covenants it is important that the lease [has] general covenants on the part of the tenant relating to insurance sufficient to ensure that the insurance is not vitiated because of foolish acts on the part of the tenant . the tenant covenants with the landlord :

The tenant should also ensure that this covenant contains a provision that the lease being granted to the guarantor does not itself provide for a new guarantor to be joined .
the tenant should also ensure that this covenant [has] a provision that the lease being granted to the guarantor does not itself provide for a new guarantor to be joined .

The more ideas a sentence contains , the more difficult it becomes to read it .
the more ideas a sentence [has] , the more difficult it becomes to read it .

The general rule is well established that if a person signs a document which contains contract terms , he/she is bound by those terms , provided that the document was presented for signature before the contract was concluded .
the general rule is well established that if a person signs a document which [has] contract terms , he/she is bound by those terms , provided that the document was presented for signature before the contract was concluded .

It may be possible to argue that the parol evidence rule applies and that the signed document contains the whole of the parties ' agreement , which can not be supplemented or varied by reference to any other document or oral agreement .
it may be possible to argue that the parol evidence rule applies and that the signed document [has] the whole of the parties ' agreement , which can not be supplemented or varied by reference to any other document or oral agreement .

Suppose that the contract contains a simple time limit clause such as : The Buyer will notify the Seller of any claim it may have against the Seller for breach of contract within three days of delivery and that the seller delivers short of the required quantity and the goods are later found to suffer from a latent defect .
suppose that the contract [has] a simple time limit clause such as : the buyer will notify the seller of any claim it may have against the seller for breach of contract within three days of delivery and that the seller delivers short of the required quantity and the goods are later found to suffer from a latent defect .

Chapter 2 also contains a thorough investigation of `` popstyling `` at the level of lexicon and syntax .
chapter 2 also [has] a thorough investigation of `` popstyling `` at the level of lexicon and syntax .

Contains the registers of every company , public and private , which comprise their vital statistics and information .
[has] the registers of every company , public and private , which comprise their vital statistics and information .

It is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .
it is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it [has] restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .

But make a full copy if the transfer is n't in the simplest form — if , for example , it contains restrictions or a grant or reservation of easements .
but make a full copy if the transfer is n't in the simplest form — if , for example , it [has] restrictions or a grant or reservation of easements .

The buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .
the buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document [has] covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .

The scene contains the strongest examples of his pomposity as Anderson repeatedly attempts to assert himself .
the scene [has] the strongest examples of his pomposity as anderson repeatedly attempts to assert himself .

Each volume is prefaced by a list of abbreviations and symbols , while Volume 4 contains a 77-page glossary , a directory of contributors , a synoptic outline of the contents ( including a list of the languages of the world ) and an index .
each volume is prefaced by a list of abbreviations and symbols , while volume 4 [has] a 77-page glossary , a directory of contributors , a synoptic outline of the contents ( including a list of the languages of the world ) and an index .

Appendix 5 contains a short summary of the transitional provisions designed for quick and easy reference .
appendix 5 [has] a short summary of the transitional provisions designed for quick and easy reference .

This contains the provisions which govern the making of care and supervision orders .
this [has] the provisions which govern the making of care and supervision orders .

This contains the provisions which govern the making of child assessment and emergency protection orders .
this [has] the provisions which govern the making of child assessment and emergency protection orders .

Appendix 2 contains a full list of care centres for each petty sessions area .
appendix 2 [has] a full list of care centres for each petty sessions area .

The Children Act contains specific rules of evidence in relation to the following matters .
the children act [has] specific rules of evidence in relation to the following matters .

Schedule 3 of the Act contains detailed provisions relating to supervision orders and all references are to paragraphs in that Schedule unless otherwise stated .
schedule 3 of the act [has] detailed provisions relating to supervision orders and all references are to paragraphs in that schedule unless otherwise stated .

The definition of " associated operations " in s742(1) applies to both provisions and s744 contains provisions designed to ensure that there is no double charge to tax under both the sections .
the definition of " associated operations " in s742(1) applies to both provisions and s744 [has] provisions designed to ensure that there is no double charge to tax under both the sections .

The Lexis search may refer you to source material that you have in your library but it also contains unreported cases .
the lexis search may refer you to source material that you have in your library but it also [has] unreported cases .

The book , which contains 14 papers , is divided into three parts , each dealing more specifically with one of these three major areas .
the book , which [has] 14 papers , is divided into three parts , each dealing more specifically with one of these three major areas .

The final section of the book , `` Form and function `` , contains a variety of approaches to the problem of the switch from description to interpretation in the analysis of texts .
the final section of the book , `` form and function `` , [has] a variety of approaches to the problem of the switch from description to interpretation in the analysis of texts .

An experience is rhythmic if it contains any one of these components .
an experience is rhythmic if it [has] any one of these components .

Most rhythmic perception involves more than one rhythmic component , however , and poetic rhythm … often contains all three `` ( p. 123 ) .
most rhythmic perception involves more than one rhythmic component , however , and poetic rhythm … often [has] all three `` ( p. 123 ) .

Grouping `` divides the text into a hierarchy of groups `` which need not be coterminous with metrical boundaries and `` each of which contains a grouping peak `` ( p. 124 ) .
grouping `` divides the text into a hierarchy of groups `` which need not be coterminous with metrical boundaries and `` each of which [has] a grouping peak `` ( p. 124 ) .

The latter contains fluid at a high pressure which maintains the turgidity and shape of the body .
the latter [has] fluid at a high pressure which maintains the turgidity and shape of the body .

Each nodule contains three or four developing parasites and measures 2.0-4.0 mm in diameter .
each nodule [has] three or four developing parasites and measures 2.0-4.0 mm in diameter .

Most are characterised by a large buccal capsule which often contains teeth or cutting plates and in some there are prominent leaf crowns surrounding the mouth opening .
most are characterised by a large buccal capsule which often [has] teeth or cutting plates and in some there are prominent leaf crowns surrounding the mouth opening .

This genus contains several species parasitic in carnivores and insectivores , but only one is of veterinary interest .
this genus [has] several species parasitic in carnivores and insectivores , but only one is of veterinary interest .

The integer variable number % contains the value to be written to the file .
the integer variable number % [has] the value to be written to the file .

The parameter types are : On entry to the subroutine the parameter table contains the following values : Except it the case of a movable string ( normal string variable ) , the parameter address given is the absolute address at which the item is stored .
the parameter types are : on entry to the subroutine the parameter table [has] the following values : except it the case of a movable string ( normal string variable ) , the parameter address given is the absolute address at which the item is stored .

The file contains the following commands , for example .
the file [has] the following commands , for example .

We could not claim , as part of the explicit extension , that if the words of a statute are clear in themselves the law contains that clear meaning , for example .
we could not claim , as part of the explicit extension , that if the words of a statute are clear in themselves the law [has] that clear meaning , for example .

These will inevitably be cases in which the explicit extension of the various legal conventions contains nothing decisive either way , and the judge therefore must exercise his discretion by employing extralegal standards .
these will inevitably be cases in which the explicit extension of the various legal conventions [has] nothing decisive either way , and the judge therefore must exercise his discretion by employing extralegal standards .

The Dyce project was based ( with permission ) on the Houghton Regis project ( see Chapter 9 ) and contains the original proposal and part of an evaluation report which is being prepared .
the dyce project was based ( with permission ) on the houghton regis project ( see chapter 9 ) and [has] the original proposal and part of an evaluation report which is being prepared .

Database creation is the process of matching the capacity , features and potential of the hardware and software to the needs of those who will be using the system and the information it contains .
database creation is the process of matching the capacity , features and potential of the hardware and software to the needs of those who will be using the system and the information it [has] .

Each of the records in this short ( 54 records ) file contains a question or task to be carried out using the reference ( s ) given .
each of the records in this short ( 54 records ) file [has] a question or task to be carried out using the reference ( s ) given .

Second-year pupils are seeking information on what their food contains .
second-year pupils are seeking information on what their food [has] .

Section 130 of the Companies Act 1989 contains corresponding provisions relating to the sealing of deeds by companies registered under the Companies Acts .
section 130 of the companies act 1989 [has] corresponding provisions relating to the sealing of deeds by companies registered under the companies acts .

Section 222 ( 5 ) ( a ) contains a time-limit of two years during which the election as to main residence can be made and if an election is not made within the period the question of which is the main residence is determined by the Inspector of Taxes , subject to the usual right of appeal .
section 222 ( 5 ) ( a ) [has] a time-limit of two years during which the election as to main residence can be made and if an election is not made within the period the question of which is the main residence is determined by the inspector of taxes , subject to the usual right of appeal .

The entry will be placed on the Proprietorship Register and will read : Note : The transfer to the proprietor contains a covenant by her with [ Husband ] to pay the monies secured by Charge No 1 and to indemnify him from all claims and demands in respect thereof .
the entry will be placed on the proprietorship register and will read : note : the transfer to the proprietor [has] a covenant by her with [ husband ] to pay the monies secured by charge no 1 and to indemnify him from all claims and demands in respect thereof .

Although the wife , as the other trustee of the conveyance , should have received notice of any incumbrance ( see Dearle v Hall ( 1828 ) 3 Russ 1 ) , it is as well if the conveyance to the wife and new husband contains a recital that the property is free from incumbrances ( assuming this to be so ) to stop any requisitions on a later sale and also to direct the parties ' attention to any incumbrances if there have been such .
although the wife , as the other trustee of the conveyance , should have received notice of any incumbrance ( see dearle v hall ( 1828 ) 3 russ 1 ) , it is as well if the conveyance to the wife and new husband [has] a recital that the property is free from incumbrances ( assuming this to be so ) to stop any requisitions on a later sale and also to direct the parties ' attention to any incumbrances if there have been such .

‘ Anything — just as long as it contains a strong dose of alcohol ! ’ he told her crisply , continuing to stand with his back to her , frowning down at the irritatingly silent machine .
‘ anything — just as long as it [has] a strong dose of alcohol ! ’ he told her crisply , continuing to stand with his back to her , frowning down at the irritatingly silent machine .

‘ It is a problem — when the second bedroom only contains two small bunk beds , ’ she retorted , bitterly aware of the colour rising over her cheeks beneath the steady gaze of those cynical grey eyes .
‘ it is a problem — when the second bedroom only [has] two small bunk beds , ’ she retorted , bitterly aware of the colour rising over her cheeks beneath the steady gaze of those cynical grey eyes .

Already the vehicle contains a high proportion of recycled metal ( steel and aluminium ) , with zinc only used where absolutely necessary .
already the vehicle [has] a high proportion of recycled metal ( steel and aluminium ) , with zinc only used where absolutely necessary .

According to the label , it contains bicarbonate of soda .
according to the label , it [has] bicarbonate of soda .

The equation for the energy of the mean flow contains a corresponding term of opposite sign .
the equation for the energy of the mean flow [has] a corresponding term of opposite sign .

( The numerical analysis in particular contains ‘ traps for the unwary ’ . )
( the numerical analysis in particular [has] ‘ traps for the unwary ’ . )

Sometimes it is called the laminar sub-layer , but that is less accurate as it contains large velocity fluctuations ; and are free to rise more rapidly from the wall than .
sometimes it is called the laminar sub-layer , but that is less accurate as it [has] large velocity fluctuations ; and are free to rise more rapidly from the wall than .

The fact that a convection pattern , occurring when Ra is a little above its critical value , commonly contains defects has very important consequences for the ways in which the convection may evolve as Ra is further increased .
the fact that a convection pattern , occurring when ra is a little above its critical value , commonly [has] defects has very important consequences for the ways in which the convection may evolve as ra is further increased .

Hence , if the working fluid contains an indicator and is titrated to be close to the end-point of that indicator , the application of a voltage between a fine wire and some other point in the flow can produce a local colour change at the wire .
hence , if the working fluid [has] an indicator and is titrated to be close to the end-point of that indicator , the application of a voltage between a fine wire and some other point in the flow can produce a local colour change at the wire .

The rather crass claims it contains only further go to highlight the illegitimate idiots that support this god forsaken club .
the rather crass claims it [has] only further go to highlight the illegitimate idiots that support this god forsaken club .

Rubber latex is a physical defence but also contains insecticides ; such occurs in unrelated genera in a range of families , such as Apocynaceae , Caricaceae , Guttiferae , Moraceae and Sapotaceae , while , in other families , there are defensive resins and gums .
rubber latex is a physical defence but also [has] insecticides ; such occurs in unrelated genera in a range of families , such as apocynaceae , caricaceae , guttiferae , moraceae and sapotaceae , while , in other families , there are defensive resins and gums .

Le Sueur 's tract in self-defence ( which contains the following words ) is lengthy ; the eulogy of Rey is preceded by an exceedingly detailed account of the skills required in an ideal chef d'orchestre .
le sueur 's tract in self-defence ( which [has] the following words ) is lengthy ; the eulogy of rey is preceded by an exceedingly detailed account of the skills required in an ideal chef d'orchestre .

It is for a bass and contains brief interjections by a four-part chorus of schoolboys , who then dance a bourrée with their teacher . )
it is for a bass and [has] brief interjections by a four-part chorus of schoolboys , who then dance a bourrée with their teacher . )

Because Jacques 's parents were deceased , the marriage contract contains an inventory of his property ; we thus know precisely what musical instruments were then in his possession .
because jacques 's parents were deceased , the marriage contract [has] an inventory of his property ; we thus know precisely what musical instruments were then in his possession .

If Campra 's harmony contains Italian traits , their presence is discreet .
if campra 's harmony [has] italian traits , their presence is discreet .

In L'heureux jaloux , Daphné and Arion each episode contains several emotional nuances .
in l'heureux jaloux , daphné and arion each episode [has] several emotional nuances .

As for Morin , although modal shifts quite aptly underscore emotions in some pieces , Circe ( book 1 ) contains two that are gratuitous , the violent passions expressed in Jean-Baptiste Rousseau 's poem notwithstanding .
as for morin , although modal shifts quite aptly underscore emotions in some pieces , circe ( book 1 ) [has] two that are gratuitous , the violent passions expressed in jean-baptiste rousseau 's poem notwithstanding .

The book edited by Davies and Runcom ( 1980 ) contains a number of papers on the various suggested mechanisms .
the book edited by davies and runcom ( 1980 ) [has] a number of papers on the various suggested mechanisms .

Where there is abundant gas in erupting magma the resulting lava contains numerous gas-filled vesicles , or cavities , and has a sponge-like form known as scoria .
where there is abundant gas in erupting magma the resulting lava [has] numerous gas-filled vesicles , or cavities , and has a sponge-like form known as scoria .

Magma contains up to 4 per cent water by weight , and some volcanic activity takes the form of eruptions of super-heated water and steam from geysers ( Fig .
magma [has] up to 4 per cent water by weight , and some volcanic activity takes the form of eruptions of super-heated water and steam from geysers ( fig .

Self and Sparks ( 1981 ) contains papers on various aspects of tephra , and Fisler and Schmincke ( 1984 ) and Sparks et al .
self and sparks ( 1981 ) [has] papers on various aspects of tephra , and fisler and schmincke ( 1984 ) and sparks et al .

Limestone is defined as a rock which contains at least 50 per cent , which nearly always occurs as the mineral calcite .
limestone is defined as a rock which [has] at least 50 per cent , which nearly always occurs as the mineral calcite .

Software contains significant information crucial to preserve a picture of usage .
software [has] significant information crucial to preserve a picture of usage .

The Act contains similar requirements to those in civil proceedings .
the act [has] similar requirements to those in civil proceedings .

It is also a politically neutral location which is vital with respect to some of the datasets it contains .
it is also a politically neutral location which is vital with respect to some of the datasets it [has] .

The Census is the only survey of the entire population of the United Kingdom , and contains information about a wide range of topics , including , for example , household amenities , ethnic origin , educational qualifications and socio-economic group , as well as the standard variables such as age , sex and marital status .
the census is the only survey of the entire population of the united kingdom , and [has] information about a wide range of topics , including , for example , household amenities , ethnic origin , educational qualifications and socio-economic group , as well as the standard variables such as age , sex and marital status .

Each checkout contains a memory and a clock so that data is captured not just on sales but on the work rate of the checkout assistants .
each checkout [has] a memory and a clock so that data is captured not just on sales but on the work rate of the checkout assistants .

The fact that the General Theory model contains extensive , though fragmentary , analysis of the relationship between real wages and employment is almost universally overlooked in expositions of the Keynesian system .
the fact that the general theory model [has] extensive , though fragmentary , analysis of the relationship between real wages and employment is almost universally overlooked in expositions of the keynesian system .

Order 11 contains the provisions which apply .
order 11 [has] the provisions which apply .

Section 53 contains powers of disclosure special to proceedings for personal injuries and death .
section 53 [has] powers of disclosure special to proceedings for personal injuries and death .

Unless the court otherwise orders , an affidavit may be used notwithstanding that it contains statements of information or belief , but every affidavit shall state which of the facts deposed to are within the deponent 's knowledge and which are based on information or belief and shall give , in the former case , his means of knowledge and , in the latter case , the sources and grounds of the information or belief ( Ord 20 , r 10 ) .
unless the court otherwise orders , an affidavit may be used notwithstanding that it [has] statements of information or belief , but every affidavit shall state which of the facts deposed to are within the deponent 's knowledge and which are based on information or belief and shall give , in the former case , his means of knowledge and , in the latter case , the sources and grounds of the information or belief ( ord 20 , r 10 ) .

This can be the keystone of the defence as well , although the defendant might be prepared to accept the plaintiff 's evidence if it contains nothing controversial .
this can be the keystone of the defence as well , although the defendant might be prepared to accept the plaintiff 's evidence if it [has] nothing controversial .

Schedule 2 contains some express guidelines for all contracts relating to the supply of goods , which inevitably have influenced thinking about reasonableness in relation to all types of contracts .
schedule 2 [has] some express guidelines for all contracts relating to the supply of goods , which inevitably have influenced thinking about reasonableness in relation to all types of contracts .

If the order acknowledgement contains no reference to the standard conditions on the back of the quotation , the acknowledgement will become the unconditional acceptance needed to create the contract .
if the order acknowledgement [has] no reference to the standard conditions on the back of the quotation , the acknowledgement will become the unconditional acceptance needed to create the contract .

They often require the buyer to sign a delivery note which contains a statement to the effect that signature signifies that the goods have been delivered in compliance with the contract , and in good condition , a nd that therefore the buyer accepts them .
they often require the buyer to sign a delivery note which [has] a statement to the effect that signature signifies that the goods have been delivered in compliance with the contract , and in good condition , a nd that therefore the buyer accepts them .

Precedent 3 is intentionally a minimalist document , which contains little boilerplate , and little by way of exclusion clauses .
precedent 3 is intentionally a minimalist document , which [has] little boilerplate , and little by way of exclusion clauses .

Precedent 4 contains such an undertaking and explains the steps that should be taken to obtain the benefit of s 6 ( 8 ) .
precedent 4 [has] such an undertaking and explains the steps that should be taken to obtain the benefit of s 6 ( 8 ) .

This chapter contains an overview of the present state of play , and considers the basic requirements for practice in a conventional solicitors ' partnership .
this chapter [has] an overview of the present state of play , and considers the basic requirements for practice in a conventional solicitors ' partnership .

Where the application properly contains no such statement , the fee is £150 .
where the application properly [has] no such statement , the fee is £150 .

Chapter 12 contains summaries of the regulatory material presently in force so far as it may affect the running of the partnership business .
chapter 12 [has] summaries of the regulatory material presently in force so far as it may affect the running of the partnership business .

The Solicitors ' Publicity Code ( see Chapter 12 ) also contains specific provisions for the control of " flag advertising " by firms publicising their services under a group name or logo to ensure that the names of all firms involved are disclosed in the publicity material .
the solicitors ' publicity code ( see chapter 12 ) also [has] specific provisions for the control of " flag advertising " by firms publicising their services under a group name or logo to ensure that the names of all firms involved are disclosed in the publicity material .

The Act contains no provisions permitting retirement specifically on the grounds of old age or ill health or for the expulsion of miscreant or unwanted partners .
the act [has] no provisions permitting retirement specifically on the grounds of old age or ill health or for the expulsion of miscreant or unwanted partners .

As noted in Chapter 3 , there is no inherent power for partners to rid themselves of an unwanted colleague short of seeking a dissolution unless their partnership agreement contains express provision .
as noted in chapter 3 , there is no inherent power for partners to rid themselves of an unwanted colleague short of seeking a dissolution unless their partnership agreement [has] express provision .

In every contract where expert determination is to be used , there will be a clause which refers questions arising under the contract to an expert and which contains a number of ancillary provisions .
in every contract where expert determination is to be used , there will be a clause which refers questions arising under the contract to an expert and which [has] a number of ancillary provisions .

What is the effect of a speaking decision which contains words which could be said to qualify the decision ?
what is the effect of a speaking decision which [has] words which could be said to qualify the decision ?

This passage contains the important concession that the
this passage [has] the important concession that the

Thus , a lease which contains a rent review clause will not be uncertain merely because the amount of the rent is not known at the date of the lease .
thus , a lease which [has] a rent review clause will not be uncertain merely because the amount of the rent is not known at the date of the lease .

However , an agreement can be void for uncertainty if major terms are not agreed , and so unless the offer letter contains sufficient detail of all the terms , including the wording of warranties , indemnities and disclosures , the offer letter will not be binding .
however , an agreement can be void for uncertainty if major terms are not agreed , and so unless the offer letter [has] sufficient detail of all the terms , including the wording of warranties , indemnities and disclosures , the offer letter will not be binding .

It is currently a prerequisite of a qualifying corporate bond that it is expressed in sterling and contains no provision for conversion into , or redemption in , a currency other than sterling .
it is currently a prerequisite of a qualifying corporate bond that it is expressed in sterling and [has] no provision for conversion into , or redemption in , a currency other than sterling .

Target 's entitlement to capital allowances and carried-forward trading losses should be preserved in Newco under s343 , although s343(4) contains a requirement to ensure that " relevant liabilities " are also transferred ( strictly speaking , novated ) to Newco .
target 's entitlement to capital allowances and carried-forward trading losses should be preserved in newco under s343 , although s343(4) [has] a requirement to ensure that " relevant liabilities " are also transferred ( strictly speaking , novated ) to newco .

Once an agreement has been registered in the register of restrictive agreements ( which is open to public inspection ) , the Director General may refer it to the Restrictive Practices Court for a decision on whether the restrictions it contains are contrary to the public interest .
once an agreement has been registered in the register of restrictive agreements ( which is open to public inspection ) , the director general may refer it to the restrictive practices court for a decision on whether the restrictions it [has] are contrary to the public interest .

If the contract is not personal but contains an express prohibition on assignment , such prohibition will only prevent an assignment of the benefit if on its wording it is clear and precise .
if the contract is not personal but [has] an express prohibition on assignment , such prohibition will only prevent an assignment of the benefit if on its wording it is clear and precise .

The report also contains major proposals for using the river and canal system to transfer supplies from water-rich areas in the west and north to the increasingly dry south and east .
the report also [has] major proposals for using the river and canal system to transfer supplies from water-rich areas in the west and north to the increasingly dry south and east .

Farmed salmon has been discovered in 13 out of 16 rivers on the west coast of Scotland , while salmon fishermen have reported that 40 per cent of their coastal and estuary catch contains farm-type salmon .
farmed salmon has been discovered in 13 out of 16 rivers on the west coast of scotland , while salmon fishermen have reported that 40 per cent of their coastal and estuary catch [has] farm-type salmon .

The area is a summer nesting ground for birds that migrate through Western Europe and also contains a sub-species of walrus .
the area is a summer nesting ground for birds that migrate through western europe and also [has] a sub-species of walrus .

The test machine contains a 10-kW turbine and a 4-metre rotor , which is turned by both incoming and outgoing tides ; it will be anchored to the sea bed and therefore needs none of the costly and environmentally damaging civil engineering works associated with other tidal power schemes such as barrages .
the test machine [has] a 10-kw turbine and a 4-metre rotor , which is turned by both incoming and outgoing tides ; it will be anchored to the sea bed and therefore needs none of the costly and environmentally damaging civil engineering works associated with other tidal power schemes such as barrages .

This contains nuclear weapons , but is believed by Norway not to present a threat to the environment as long as it remains on the seabed and does not break up .
this [has] nuclear weapons , but is believed by norway not to present a threat to the environment as long as it remains on the seabed and does not break up .

The 77,000 acre Mar Lodge Estate , which contains remnants of the ancient Caledonian forest , had been put up for sale by its American owner , John Kluge , at an asking price of £10 million .
the 77,000 acre mar lodge estate , which [has] remnants of the ancient caledonian forest , had been put up for sale by its american owner , john kluge , at an asking price of £10 million .

The sludge contains large amounts of nitrogen and phosphates that can fertilize tree growth , although used incorrectly it can pollute and damage trees .
the sludge [has] large amounts of nitrogen and phosphates that can fertilize tree growth , although used incorrectly it can pollute and damage trees .

The report contains comments from policymakers in borrowing countries , much of it criticizing Bank officials for ignoring local input while implementing policies decided at Bank headquarters .
the report [has] comments from policymakers in borrowing countries , much of it criticizing bank officials for ignoring local input while implementing policies decided at bank headquarters .

Their waste , or `` tailings `` , contains a high proportion of sulphur which leaches out toxic metals .
their waste , or `` tailings `` , [has] a high proportion of sulphur which leaches out toxic metals .

Sea levels worldwide would rise by 60 metres if the entire Antarctic ice sheet , which contains 90 per cent of the planet 's fresh water , were to melt .
sea levels worldwide would rise by 60 metres if the entire antarctic ice sheet , which [has] 90 per cent of the planet 's fresh water , were to melt .

Each nucleus , as we shall see in Chapter 5 , contains a digitally coded database larger , in information content , than all 30 volumes of the Encyclopaedia Britannica put together .
each nucleus , as we shall see in chapter 5 , [has] a digitally coded database larger , in information content , than all 30 volumes of the encyclopaedia britannica put together .

Many animals bite , and any animal 's spit contains proteins which , if they get into a wound , may cause an allergic reaction .
many animals bite , and any animal 's spit [has] proteins which , if they get into a wound , may cause an allergic reaction .

But if the Piper operas and , in another way , the Church Parables , are special categories within Britten 's chorus of operas — what about the rest of his output , which contains his better-known creations ?
but if the piper operas and , in another way , the church parables , are special categories within britten 's chorus of operas — what about the rest of his output , which [has] his better-known creations ?

By the same token , however , says Ryan , one would have to conclude that the world of `` Jabberwocky `` contains computers , and that Little Red Riding Hood could , if so inclined , peruse the writings of Aquinas .
by the same token , however , says ryan , one would have to conclude that the world of `` jabberwocky `` [has] computers , and that little red riding hood could , if so inclined , peruse the writings of aquinas .

The idea that the text in some way performs a deconstruction upon itself effectively validates the rhetorical reading in terms of the text 's actual movement : if the text `` actually `` contains these contradictions , the choice between `` rhetorically aware `` and `` aesthetically responsive `` paradigms is that between complete and partial readings .
the idea that the text in some way performs a deconstruction upon itself effectively validates the rhetorical reading in terms of the text 's actual movement : if the text `` actually `` [has] these contradictions , the choice between `` rhetorically aware `` and `` aesthetically responsive `` paradigms is that between complete and partial readings .

It is also interesting that only one group chose to conclude the narrative with a sentence which contains a clear 'signpost `` in the form of the inital adverb `` finally `` .
it is also interesting that only one group chose to conclude the narrative with a sentence which [has] a clear 'signpost `` in the form of the inital adverb `` finally `` .

Yet a couple of features in the sentence push it towards Orientation : it contains an explicit temporal signal in the form of `` when `` and , more significantly , contains a past progressive verb phrase ( `` he was sitting `` ) .
yet a couple of features in the sentence push it towards orientation : it [has] an explicit temporal signal in the form of `` when `` and , more significantly , [has] a past progressive verb phrase ( `` he was sitting `` ) .

Indeed , at first glance this does not look a very compelling book : it holds to a strong version of the Whorf-Sapir hypothesis ; it contains extended discussions of those perennial seminar heroes Lok and Benjy from Golding 's The Inheritors and Faulkner 's The Sound and the Fury respectively ; and there is a dutiful chapter on gender .
indeed , at first glance this does not look a very compelling book : it holds to a strong version of the whorf-sapir hypothesis ; it [has] extended discussions of those perennial seminar heroes lok and benjy from golding 's the inheritors and faulkner 's the sound and the fury respectively ; and there is a dutiful chapter on gender .

Reflecting the pattern of the conference , our report contains the contributions of the invited speakers , of the subsequent discussions in the workshops where particular issues were dealt with in depth , and finally the general debate in the afternoon which was open to everyone present .
reflecting the pattern of the conference , our report [has] the contributions of the invited speakers , of the subsequent discussions in the workshops where particular issues were dealt with in depth , and finally the general debate in the afternoon which was open to everyone present .

Although medieval in origin , it contains architecture of many later periods , including superb 16th- and 17th-century work .
although medieval in origin , it [has] architecture of many later periods , including superb 16th- and 17th-century work .

This little nugget of a book ( but all Boulestin books are nuggets ) contains some of Boulestin 's best writing about his own province and about the food of obscure country inns of a type now all but vanished .
this little nugget of a book ( but all boulestin books are nuggets ) [has] some of boulestin 's best writing about his own province and about the food of obscure country inns of a type now all but vanished .

It contains a luncheon and dinner menu for every day of the year , plus every relevant recipe .
it [has] a luncheon and dinner menu for every day of the year , plus every relevant recipe .

In the same little volume Boulestin gives us an explanation of the old-fashioned French custom of serving a vegetable before the roast — an explanation which contains also some sound gastronomic advice :
in the same little volume boulestin gives us an explanation of the old-fashioned french custom of serving a vegetable before the roast — an explanation which [has] also some sound gastronomic advice :

Now such a meal , as any dietician will tell you , is far too rich in nitrogenous substances , since fish has just as much assimilable albumen as meat , and contains a great deal more phosphorus … `` Good for Dr de Pomiane .
now such a meal , as any dietician will tell you , is far too rich in nitrogenous substances , since fish has just as much assimilable albumen as meat , and [has] a great deal more phosphorus … `` good for dr de pomiane .

It is immediately obvious to the reader that it contains a wide variety of literary material — narratives , laws , ritual instructions , sermons , genealogies , poetry — which have been drawn together from different sources .
it is immediately obvious to the reader that it [has] a wide variety of literary material — narratives , laws , ritual instructions , sermons , genealogies , poetry — which have been drawn together from different sources .

In fact , these chapters are now reckoned to be among the foremost theological statements the Bible contains .
in fact , these chapters are now reckoned to be among the foremost theological statements the bible [has] .

Creation stories belonging to other ancient peoples have given currency to the view that Genesis contains merely another version , adapted to suit Hebrew beliefs .
creation stories belonging to other ancient peoples have given currency to the view that genesis [has] merely another version , adapted to suit hebrew beliefs .

Cedarwood ( 14:49 ) : contains a substance used in medicine for skin diseases .
cedarwood ( 14:49 ) : [has] a substance used in medicine for skin diseases .

But just below the layer of gently folded limestones that contains the earliest of the invertebrate fossils , the strata change radically .
but just below the layer of gently folded limestones that [has] the earliest of the invertebrate fossils , the strata change radically .

The third category of creatures on the reef contains those with segmented bodies .
the third category of creatures on the reef [has] those with segmented bodies .

The range of creatures it contains is far wider than that found in rocks of a similar age at any other site .
the range of creatures it [has] is far wider than that found in rocks of a similar age at any other site .

Their abdomen contains two chambers , one on each side .
their abdomen [has] two chambers , one on each side .

The globular front part contains the U-shaped tube and the beginnings of the gut .
the globular front part [has] the u-shaped tube and the beginnings of the gut .

Sound travels better in water than in air , and as the fish 's body contains a high proportion of water within it , the sound waves penetrate the skull and reach the semicircular canals without the aid of the special passage needed by vertebrates that live in air .
sound travels better in water than in air , and as the fish 's body [has] a high proportion of water within it , the sound waves penetrate the skull and reach the semicircular canals without the aid of the special passage needed by vertebrates that live in air .

Development is very rapid and within twenty days each egg contains a tiny froglet which pierces the egg membrane with a minute spike on the tip of its snout and so emerges having dispensed with external water altogether .
development is very rapid and within twenty days each egg [has] a tiny froglet which pierces the egg membrane with a minute spike on the tip of its snout and so emerges having dispensed with external water altogether .

And it contains a subordinate clause of time , followed by a complicated subject nominal consisting of a quantifier head plus a relative clause with deleted ‘ that ’ .
and it [has] a subordinate clause of time , followed by a complicated subject nominal consisting of a quantifier head plus a relative clause with deleted ‘ that ’ .

This sentence contains not simply a report of something said ; but of something said on repeated occasions at times later than the ‘ moment ’ which is being described .
this sentence [has] not simply a report of something said ; but of something said on repeated occasions at times later than the ‘ moment ’ which is being described .

This example contains the added complication of a piece of imagined quoted speech embedded in the reported thought , and forming part of the questions in Carrie 's mind .
this example [has] the added complication of a piece of imagined quoted speech embedded in the reported thought , and forming part of the questions in carrie 's mind .

The language in the samples contains syntactic patterns and inter-sentence relationships not found in oral language .
the language in the samples [has] syntactic patterns and inter-sentence relationships not found in oral language .

The treaty is a bilateral commitment with reciprocal rights and duties which contains no direct mention of the role of the United States in facilitating its conclusion , other than a general preambular reference to the Camp David framework for peace .
the treaty is a bilateral commitment with reciprocal rights and duties which [has] no direct mention of the role of the united states in facilitating its conclusion , other than a general preambular reference to the camp david framework for peace .

Shropshire 's Ironbridge Gorge contains around 1,000 acres of natural woodland , comprising ash , hazel , oak , hornbeam and cherry , and by the early 1980 's , like many other woodlands throughout the country , it had become badly neglected .
shropshire 's ironbridge gorge [has] around 1,000 acres of natural woodland , comprising ash , hazel , oak , hornbeam and cherry , and by the early 1980 's , like many other woodlands throughout the country , it had become badly neglected .

It is a single cell , consisting of an outside layer which is relatively tough , an internal jelly-like substance and a central core , or nucleus which contains the chromosomes .
it is a single cell , consisting of an outside layer which is relatively tough , an internal jelly-like substance and a central core , or nucleus which [has] the chromosomes .

As we have seen , each cell of the human body save the ovum and spermatozoon normally contains 46 chromosomes .
as we have seen , each cell of the human body save the ovum and spermatozoon normally [has] 46 chromosomes .

Each member of each pair contains genes which are different from those of the other member , since the genes have been `` handed on `` from different parents in the first place .
each member of each pair [has] genes which are different from those of the other member , since the genes have been `` handed on `` from different parents in the first place .

Chapter 1 contains definitions of the basic laws of matrix manipulation and of matrix types .
chapter 1 [has] definitions of the basic laws of matrix manipulation and of matrix types .

There is one further point of importance : is not unique , but contains an arbitrary element .
there is one further point of importance : is not unique , but [has] an arbitrary element .

First , since each contains zeros in its diagonal , it can not be pos .
first , since each [has] zeros in its diagonal , it can not be pos .

For him , even choices which are clearly dictated by subject matter are part of style : it is part of the style of a particular cookery book that it contains words like butter , flour , boil and bake ; and it is part of the style of Animal Farm that it contains many occurrences of pigs , farm , and Napoleon .
for him , even choices which are clearly dictated by subject matter are part of style : it is part of the style of a particular cookery book that it [has] words like butter , flour , boil and bake ; and it is part of the style of animal farm that it [has] many occurrences of pigs , farm , and napoleon .

To find out what is distinctive about the style of a certain corpus or text we work out the frequencies of the features it contains and then measure these figures against equivalent figures which are `` normal `` for the language in question.The style is then to be measured in terms of deviations — either higher frequencies or lower frequencies — from the norm .
to find out what is distinctive about the style of a certain corpus or text we work out the frequencies of the features it [has] and then measure these figures against equivalent figures which are `` normal `` for the language in question.the style is then to be measured in terms of deviations — either higher frequencies or lower frequencies — from the norm .

The contrastive nature of linguistic categories is clear in cases where the category label contains two words : for example a transitive verb obviously contrasts with other types of verb ( intransitive verbs , linking verbs , etc ) .
the contrastive nature of linguistic categories is clear in cases where the category label [has] two words : for example a transitive verb obviously contrasts with other types of verb ( intransitive verbs , linking verbs , etc ) .

For example , un-friend-li-ness contains four morphemes , and war only one .
for example , un-friend-li-ness [has] four morphemes , and war only one .

Morphemic complexity and syllabic complexity are in gross terms reasonably equivalent ; but they are not necessarily equivalent for individual words ; for example , six-th-s contains three morphemes , but only one syllable ; establish , on the other hand , contains only one morpheme , but three syllables .
morphemic complexity and syllabic complexity are in gross terms reasonably equivalent ; but they are not necessarily equivalent for individual words ; for example , six-th-s [has] three morphemes , but only one syllable ; establish , on the other hand , [has] only one morpheme , but three syllables .

Further enlightenment is delayed until ( 11 ) , which at last explains how the interview came to take place at all ; but again , this information is postponed to the end of the main clause , in the relative clause `` on which he had been invited which in turn contains a further relative clause `` who happened to know … resident tutor `` .
further enlightenment is delayed until ( 11 ) , which at last explains how the interview came to take place at all ; but again , this information is postponed to the end of the main clause , in the relative clause `` on which he had been invited which in turn [has] a further relative clause `` who happened to know … resident tutor `` .

The decentralized Evans model underestimates the amount of material which lies unused in departments for long periods of the year and which might be of value to another discipline , or to a pupil in the enquiry mode ; it certainly contains no element which would stress interdisciplinary thinking , inter.departmental cooperation or the sharing of acquisitions and experience .
the decentralized evans model underestimates the amount of material which lies unused in departments for long periods of the year and which might be of value to another discipline , or to a pupil in the enquiry mode ; it certainly [has] no element which would stress interdisciplinary thinking , inter.departmental cooperation or the sharing of acquisitions and experience .

For them the library essentially is the college and contains it ; it is not a question of libraries being placed in departments , but of departments being regarded as essential facets of and often included within , the library .
for them the library essentially is the college and [has] it ; it is not a question of libraries being placed in departments , but of departments being regarded as essential facets of and often included within , the library .

In a Library-College ( if one existed ) the library contains rooms which may be used by teachers for small or large group sessions , and there are laboratories , gymnasia , music rooms and so forth leading off but essentially the library is the dominant body .
in a library-college ( if one existed ) the library [has] rooms which may be used by teachers for small or large group sessions , and there are laboratories , gymnasia , music rooms and so forth leading off but essentially the library is the dominant body .

Within its narrow boundaries , Malhamdale contains probably more of interest to the historian , geologist , naturalist and the casual tripper than any of the other dales .
within its narrow boundaries , malhamdale [has] probably more of interest to the historian , geologist , naturalist and the casual tripper than any of the other dales .

Quantum electrodynamics contains features completely contrary to the expectations which any nineteenth-century physicist could have entertained .
quantum electrodynamics [has] features completely contrary to the expectations which any nineteenth-century physicist could have entertained .

Remember that elsewhere our formalism contains complex numbers .
remember that elsewhere our formalism [has] complex numbers .

In reality it contains the only mystery .
in reality it [has] the only mystery .

The one thing that everyone knows about quantum theory is that it contains Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle acting as a limit upon our powers of exact knowledge .
the one thing that everyone knows about quantum theory is that it [has] heisenberg 's uncertainty principle acting as a limit upon our powers of exact knowledge .

There is now an irreducible minimum for the strength of the beam , namely that it contains at least one photon !
there is now an irreducible minimum for the strength of the beam , namely that it [has] at least one photon !

Chapter 7 contains an account of a penetrating and surprising analysis of some further implications of the theory which Einstein helped to bring to light .
chapter 7 [has] an account of a penetrating and surprising analysis of some further implications of the theory which einstein helped to bring to light .

The unfortunate animal in question is incarcerated in a closed box which also contains a radioactive atom with a 50-50 chance of decaying in the next hour , emitting a y-ray in the process .
the unfortunate animal in question is incarcerated in a closed box which also [has] a radioactive atom with a 50-50 chance of decaying in the next hour , emitting a y-ray in the process .

It may be true that the story of the English people is best seen in English literature , but English literature contains much more than the story of the English people .
it may be true that the story of the english people is best seen in english literature , but english literature [has] much more than the story of the english people .

And interestingly , one review by Mawer contains the only mention of the Newbolt Report to be included in the Review during the whole of the inter-war period , and this solely in the context of attributing to the Report responsibility for generating a good deal of subsequent discussion of grammar .
and interestingly , one review by mawer [has] the only mention of the newbolt report to be included in the review during the whole of the inter-war period , and this solely in the context of attributing to the report responsibility for generating a good deal of subsequent discussion of grammar .

Indeed , every issue of the Review contains the statement that `` As a general rule no textbook below University standard can be noticed . ``
indeed , every issue of the review [has] the statement that `` as a general rule no textbook below university standard can be noticed . ``

Each entry contains an evaluative description , information on how to obtain the film or video , and the names of the director and producer of the work .
each entry [has] an evaluative description , information on how to obtain the film or video , and the names of the director and producer of the work .

The first issue contains reports from the fifth national Chinese Christian Conference , held in Beijing in January .
the first issue [has] reports from the fifth national chinese christian conference , held in beijing in january .

The most recent issue contains more than 150 resources .
the most recent issue [has] more than 150 resources .

The first issue contains a brief profile of one of the member organisations of the network , the Centre for Encounters and Dialogues , as well as general Mexican news and an examination of the 500th anniversary of Columbus ' landing in America from a Mexican viewpoint .
the first issue [has] a brief profile of one of the member organisations of the network , the centre for encounters and dialogues , as well as general mexican news and an examination of the 500th anniversary of columbus ' landing in america from a mexican viewpoint .

Each film contains 16 shots , and developing it automatically reloads the camera .
each film [has] 16 shots , and developing it automatically reloads the camera .

Have you every heard of a compilation called Arcade Classics ? It contains four games called Mr Do , Dig Dug , Pole Position and Pac-Man ?
have you every heard of a compilation called arcade classics ? it [has] four games called mr do , dig dug , pole position and pac-man ?

The worst hand contains only a High Card , slightly better is a Pair ( phwoar ! )
the worst hand [has] only a high card , slightly better is a pair ( phwoar ! )

The second volume is illustrated with a judicious selection of new and archival photographs so that past and present states of individual works can be compared , but the bulk of the volume contains over 500 documents with commentary so that the primary sources can now be easily consulted .
the second volume is illustrated with a judicious selection of new and archival photographs so that past and present states of individual works can be compared , but the bulk of the volume [has] over 500 documents with commentary so that the primary sources can now be easily consulted .

It reads like a government White Paper , and contains just about as few laughs , examining the decline , identifying causes , allocating blame .
it reads like a government white paper , and [has] just about as few laughs , examining the decline , identifying causes , allocating blame .

Chedworth contains a feature which appears at present to be unique in Britain .
chedworth [has] a feature which appears at present to be unique in britain .

As such , the subject contains internal objects , representations which determine the relation to what is misleadingly called external reality .
as such , the subject [has] internal objects , representations which determine the relation to what is misleadingly called external reality .

His selection contains compositional studies for the Burghclere Chapel and ‘ The Marriage at Cana ’ as well as a fine pencil self-portrait ( 1931 ) .
his selection [has] compositional studies for the burghclere chapel and ‘ the marriage at cana ’ as well as a fine pencil self-portrait ( 1931 ) .

The set contains two short videos , one audio cassette , five manuals , several leaflets and posters , some or all of which can be used according to the needs of different groups .
the set [has] two short videos , one audio cassette , five manuals , several leaflets and posters , some or all of which can be used according to the needs of different groups .

Welfare as a discretionary standard contains contradictions and thus provides little guidance to the disposition of trouble cases .
welfare as a discretionary standard [has] contradictions and thus provides little guidance to the disposition of trouble cases .

The definitionalist might seek to save his position by arguing for a general principle of law to the effect that to intend an act is to intend it under a full description and that therefore in all crimes where the actus reus contains not only a conduct element but also circumstances and consequences , mens rea is to be taken as being ‘ coextensive with the actus reus .
the definitionalist might seek to save his position by arguing for a general principle of law to the effect that to intend an act is to intend it under a full description and that therefore in all crimes where the actus reus [has] not only a conduct element but also circumstances and consequences , mens rea is to be taken as being ‘ coextensive with the actus reus .

After lunch ( not included ) visit the Medieval town of Gouda , famous for its cheese but with a lot more to discover such as St. Jans Kerk which contains over half of Holland 's antique stained-glass windows , the Gothic City Hall dating back to 1430 and a collection of fascinating museums .
after lunch ( not included ) visit the medieval town of gouda , famous for its cheese but with a lot more to discover such as st. jans kerk which [has] over half of holland 's antique stained-glass windows , the gothic city hall dating back to 1430 and a collection of fascinating museums .

Built up between 1908 and 1914 it contains monographs , exhibition and sales catalogues and original Japanese woodcuts .
built up between 1908 and 1914 it [has] monographs , exhibition and sales catalogues and original japanese woodcuts .

Together they tour the libraries of the world , while their photo archive contains 50,000 negatives , many of which they took themselves .
together they tour the libraries of the world , while their photo archive [has] 50,000 negatives , many of which they took themselves .

The text by Karen Wilkin ( expert on David Smith and ‘ second generation ’ Abstract Expressionists ) is elegant and accessible , but contains few surprises .
the text by karen wilkin ( expert on david smith and ‘ second generation ’ abstract expressionists ) is elegant and accessible , but [has] few surprises .

The latest tomb to be found is situated some 250m west of the first at the base of an adobe truncated pyramid called Huaca Loro and contains a wide range of funerary offerings weighing in all around 1.2 tons .
the latest tomb to be found is situated some 250m west of the first at the base of an adobe truncated pyramid called huaca loro and [has] a wide range of funerary offerings weighing in all around 1.2 tons .

Tobacco smoke contains thousands of different chemicals which are released into the air as particles and gases .
tobacco smoke [has] thousands of different chemicals which are released into the air as particles and gases .

Tobacco smoke is highly complex and contains thousands of chemicals which are released into the air as particles and gases .
tobacco smoke is highly complex and [has] thousands of chemicals which are released into the air as particles and gases .

The Livre des Coutumes of Bordeaux contains a note that ‘ [ In 1259 ] king Henry did homage for Bordeaux , Bayonne and all the land of Gascony [ Gasconha ] which was [ then ] free allod [ franc en alo ] to Louis , king of France … but let it be known that this Gascony was the most free allod that the king of England had , before … king Henry received it back from the French king in homage ’ .
the livre des coutumes of bordeaux [has] a note that ‘ [ in 1259 ] king henry did homage for bordeaux , bayonne and all the land of gascony [ gasconha ] which was [ then ] free allod [ franc en alo ] to louis , king of france … but let it be known that this gascony was the most free allod that the king of england had , before … king henry received it back from the french king in homage ’ .

Each session contains a mixture of four basic therapeutic ingredients .
each session [has] a mixture of four basic therapeutic ingredients .

The following section contains some experiences and advice on how to run an anxiety management group .
the following section [has] some experiences and advice on how to run an anxiety management group .

The exhibition catalogue contains two essays by Dr Barnett on Kandinsky 's works in private collections and on the works on paper together with an examination of the theoretical basis of the artist 's work by Armin Zweite entitled ‘ Free the line for the inner sound : Kandinsky 's renewal of art in the context of his time ’ .
the exhibition catalogue [has] two essays by dr barnett on kandinsky 's works in private collections and on the works on paper together with an examination of the theoretical basis of the artist 's work by armin zweite entitled ‘ free the line for the inner sound : kandinsky 's renewal of art in the context of his time ’ .

Contains a Late Iron Age to Romano-British sequence .
[has] a late iron age to romano-british sequence .

The carefully prepared catalogue contains detailed notes on each work , a piece by the artist himself , some contemporary criticism , and memoirs written by De Staël 's wife Françoise , his daughter Anne , and Braque 's assistant , Mariette Lachaud , who was a great friend of the artist .
the carefully prepared catalogue [has] detailed notes on each work , a piece by the artist himself , some contemporary criticism , and memoirs written by de staël 's wife françoise , his daughter anne , and braque 's assistant , mariette lachaud , who was a great friend of the artist .

One of the branch museums of Vukovar contains the memorial collection devoted to Professor Lavoslav Ruzicka , the Nobel prize winner for chemistry in 1939 .
one of the branch museums of vukovar [has] the memorial collection devoted to professor lavoslav ruzicka , the nobel prize winner for chemistry in 1939 .

Like the working-class area to which it is geographically close , the nearest shopping centre contains department stores and supermarkets , along with the usual variety of smaller shops .
like the working-class area to which it is geographically close , the nearest shopping centre [has] department stores and supermarkets , along with the usual variety of smaller shops .

Resentment is compounded because ‘ housewife ’ contains ‘ wife ’ and ‘ mother ’ .
resentment is compounded because ‘ housewife ’ [has] ‘ wife ’ and ‘ mother ’ .

This figure is in agreemen t with other informati on about housewor k hours gathered by other researche rs : Table 5.4 contains a comparis on of results from a range of different studies .
this figure is in agreemen t with other informati on about housewor k hours gathered by other researche rs : table 5.4 [has] a comparis on of results from a range of different studies .

Nevertheless for most people the idea of work contains some notion of externally imposed constraint .
nevertheless for most people the idea of work [has] some notion of externally imposed constraint .

The first of these lists contains virtually no description of individual personality .
the first of these lists [has] virtually no description of individual personality .

Town water , although potable , is often unsuitable for textile processes such as package-dyeing because it contains suspended matter and soluble calcium and magnesium salts ; filtration and softening may be necessary before it can be employed with confidence in a process in which impurities can filter out upon yarn or fabric .
town water , although potable , is often unsuitable for textile processes such as package-dyeing because it [has] suspended matter and soluble calcium and magnesium salts ; filtration and softening may be necessary before it can be employed with confidence in a process in which impurities can filter out upon yarn or fabric .

Surface water , particularly in rivers , often contains detergents and detergent residues from town drainage .
surface water , particularly in rivers , often [has] detergents and detergent residues from town drainage .

If the water is from bore-holes and contains no oxygen , soluble iron may be present as ferrous bicarbonate .
if the water is from bore-holes and [has] no oxygen , soluble iron may be present as ferrous bicarbonate .

Bore-hole water rarely contains a large quantity of suspended solids , but , if it contains iron or manganese in solution , the removal of these entails the production of a precipitate that has to be removed by methods similar to those given above .
bore-hole water rarely [has] a large quantity of suspended solids , but , if it [has] iron or manganese in solution , the removal of these entails the production of a precipitate that has to be removed by methods similar to those given above .

This is normally run off with other effluents without difficulty , but care may be needed if the waste water contains soap , because insoluble lime soap may precipitate in the drains and cause blockages .
this is normally run off with other effluents without difficulty , but care may be needed if the waste water [has] soap , because insoluble lime soap may precipitate in the drains and cause blockages .

Zeolite-softened water may be quite alkaline because it contains substantial quantities of sodium carbonate and bicarbonate .
zeolite-softened water may be quite alkaline because it [has] substantial quantities of sodium carbonate and bicarbonate .

Whilst the student grant contains a fixed amount for housing , it is generally regarded as well below market rates that , of course , vary according to area .
whilst the student grant [has] a fixed amount for housing , it is generally regarded as well below market rates that , of course , vary according to area .

Whole milk contains fat , so a better choice that still retains the calcium content is semi-skimmed or skimmed milk .
whole milk [has] fat , so a better choice that still retains the calcium content is semi-skimmed or skimmed milk .

This masterpiece of oriental textile art , which measures 34′ 6″ × 17′ 6″ ( 10.52 × 5.33 m ) and contains approximately 33 million hand-tied knots at a ratio of 340 knots per in 2 was purchased in about 1880 from a mosque in the north-east Persian town of Ardebil by an English merchant , for approximately £2,400 .
this masterpiece of oriental textile art , which measures 34′ 6″ × 17′ 6″ ( 10.52 × 5.33 m ) and [has] approximately 33 million hand-tied knots at a ratio of 340 knots per in 2 was purchased in about 1880 from a mosque in the north-east persian town of ardebil by an english merchant , for approximately £2,400 .

Nevertheless , even allowing for these exceptions , the traditional division into figurative and non-figurative regions is largely valid , and you should be extremely suspicious if offered an Afghan or Bokhara rug that contains human or animal forms .
nevertheless , even allowing for these exceptions , the traditional division into figurative and non-figurative regions is largely valid , and you should be extremely suspicious if offered an afghan or bokhara rug that [has] human or animal forms .

It is sometimes enclosed in an octagonal form which contains the `` eight tetragrams `` ( pa kua ) representing heaven , wind , earth , fire , water , mountain , thunder and cloud .
it is sometimes enclosed in an octagonal form which [has] the `` eight tetragrams `` ( pa kua ) representing heaven , wind , earth , fire , water , mountain , thunder and cloud .

Section 3.4 provides a rather briefer coverage of internal relationships , whilst section 3.5 contains some concluding remarks .
section 3.4 provides a rather briefer coverage of internal relationships , whilst section 3.5 [has] some concluding remarks .

McGuinness ( 1987 ) contains a useful brief analysis of internal organizational questions , from which other sources can be referenced if required
mcguinness ( 1987 ) [has] a useful brief analysis of internal organizational questions , from which other sources can be referenced if required

Unfortunately , the English alphabet contains many similar-looking characters , for example : ’ n ’ and ’ h ’ , ’ o ’ and ’ a ’ , ’ c ’ and ’ e ’ , ’ a ’ and ’ d ’ .
unfortunately , the english alphabet [has] many similar-looking characters , for example : ’ n ’ and ’ h ’ , ’ o ’ and ’ a ’ , ’ c ’ and ’ e ’ , ’ a ’ and ’ d ’ .

Considering the first issue , most psycholinguists support the existence of a mental lexicon that contains knowledge about words .
considering the first issue , most psycholinguists support the existence of a mental lexicon that [has] knowledge about words .

Each concept is represented by a frame , which contains slots that may be filled differently for separate instances of the same concept .
each concept is represented by a frame , which [has] slots that may be filled differently for separate instances of the same concept .

For example , the superfield Applied Science contains the subfields Computing , Energy and Engineering ( amongst others ) , The superfield Commerce contains the subfields Business , Employment and Finance , and so on .
for example , the superfield applied science [has] the subfields computing , energy and engineering ( amongst others ) , the superfield commerce [has] the subfields business , employment and finance , and so on .

Paul 's report contains many interesting comments of the modern American mining equipment , the food , the people and the politics and his gratitude to the old boys for their financial support .
paul 's report [has] many interesting comments of the modern american mining equipment , the food , the people and the politics and his gratitude to the old boys for their financial support .

It is a two storey structure which contains conference facilities and computer facilities for the University as a whole .
it is a two storey structure which [has] conference facilities and computer facilities for the university as a whole .

Behind this is the photocopying area which contains seven machines , which can accept pre paid magnetic cards and coins .
behind this is the photocopying area which [has] seven machines , which can accept pre paid magnetic cards and coins .

This booklet contains the Parcelforce Code of Practice , and also give information about the insurance services that Parcelforce offers , for when you need to send something valuable . It gives only brief descriptions of the basic services as there is more information in the following booklets :
this booklet [has] the parcelforce code of practice , and also give information about the insurance services that parcelforce offers , for when you need to send something valuable . it gives only brief descriptions of the basic services as there is more information in the following booklets :

The Royal Mail Service booklet contains a guide to delivery times worldwide .
the royal mail service booklet [has] a guide to delivery times worldwide .

Each of these appealing booklets contains several pages of text and illustrations — plus a mixed-value pane of stamps , exclusive to each book .
each of these appealing booklets [has] several pages of text and illustrations — plus a mixed-value pane of stamps , exclusive to each book .

The Act of Proclamations , as it was finally passed in 1539 , contains in its preamble some resonant phrases about regal power , but added relatively little to the King 's authority : proclamations were given a statutory base and a special court was established for their enforcement .
the act of proclamations , as it was finally passed in 1539 , [has] in its preamble some resonant phrases about regal power , but added relatively little to the king 's authority : proclamations were given a statutory base and a special court was established for their enforcement .

The above items will be sent to you ( one per booking ) with your travel documents which include our specially prepared Holiday Guide which contains everything you need to know before departure ( including details of hotels and car parks close to the airport ) .
the above items will be sent to you ( one per booking ) with your travel documents which include our specially prepared holiday guide which [has] everything you need to know before departure ( including details of hotels and car parks close to the airport ) .

The rooms form an L-shape around a pleasant lawn and the main house contains the bar , small lounge and restaurant where excellent Creole and Continental cuisine is served .
the rooms form an l-shape around a pleasant lawn and the main house [has] the bar , small lounge and restaurant where excellent creole and continental cuisine is served .

Sail to Kom Ombo where a visit is made to the Ptolemic Temple which contains beautiful murals and reliefs and offers a fine view of the river .
sail to kom ombo where a visit is made to the ptolemic temple which [has] beautiful murals and reliefs and offers a fine view of the river .

In the first place it is clear that ‘ modern ’ , ‘ Western ’ , ‘ industrial ’ or ‘ capitalist ’ society is not some homogeneous whole but one which contains many varieties of patterns of living , many different communities and subcultures with differing degrees of openness to the wider society , differing historical experiences , differing ways of relating as families and as individuals to the major changes in the economy and in ways of earning a living .
in the first place it is clear that ‘ modern ’ , ‘ western ’ , ‘ industrial ’ or ‘ capitalist ’ society is not some homogeneous whole but one which [has] many varieties of patterns of living , many different communities and subcultures with differing degrees of openness to the wider society , differing historical experiences , differing ways of relating as families and as individuals to the major changes in the economy and in ways of earning a living .

The ‘ Child 's Companion ’ of 1829 , a well-illustrated little volume of stories and poems , contains no fewer than thirteen improving deathbed scenes , together with one discourse on death and two poems inspired by gazing on children 's graves .
the ‘ child 's companion ’ of 1829 , a well-illustrated little volume of stories and poems , [has] no fewer than thirteen improving deathbed scenes , together with one discourse on death and two poems inspired by gazing on children 's graves .

Haemoglobin consists of two major components : the haem group which contains iron at its centre and globin which is a protein .
haemoglobin consists of two major components : the haem group which [has] iron at its centre and globin which is a protein .

Chapter House contains one of the finest and most realistic leaf carvings in the world and the choir screen is described as the loveliest in England .
chapter house [has] one of the finest and most realistic leaf carvings in the world and the choir screen is described as the loveliest in england .

Narrow limestone gorge contains series of prehistoric caves occupied by men and animals some 70,000 years ago .
narrow limestone gorge [has] series of prehistoric caves occupied by men and animals some 70,000 years ago .

Yet this image , allowing for exaggeration , is not totally removed from the reality of prewar Japanese society , and the persistence of some of the same characteristics in the post-1945 period therefore means that such categorization still contains a measure of truth .
yet this image , allowing for exaggeration , is not totally removed from the reality of prewar japanese society , and the persistence of some of the same characteristics in the post-1945 period therefore means that such categorization still [has] a measure of truth .

Every letter contains a message — it may confirm an order , complain about a late delivery or clarify a point — but it also does a great deal more .
every letter [has] a message — it may confirm an order , complain about a late delivery or clarify a point — but it also does a great deal more .

As well as an explicit message , a letter contains an implicit one .
as well as an explicit message , a letter [has] an implicit one .

Since a Convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws whilst the non-coverage of an issue necessitates recourse to the applicable law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum , it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the Convention contains no express provision is covered by implication , applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the Convention itself , and if not , whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the Convention .
since a convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws whilst the non-coverage of an issue necessitates recourse to the applicable law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum , it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the convention [has] no express provision is covered by implication , applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the convention itself , and if not , whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the convention .

The first part contains provisions which apply to all forms of business organizations .
the first part [has] provisions which apply to all forms of business organizations .

The Act contains detailed provisions of the minimum content of the contract of amalgamation .
the act [has] detailed provisions of the minimum content of the contract of amalgamation .

The Act contains detailed rules regarding the minimum content of a prospectus ( whether it relates to bonds or shares and whether it is issued in connection with a new joint-stock company or an increase of the stock capital of an existing one ) .
the act [has] detailed rules regarding the minimum content of a prospectus ( whether it relates to bonds or shares and whether it is issued in connection with a new joint-stock company or an increase of the stock capital of an existing one ) .

In 1600 , the renegade monk Giordano Bruno was burned at the stake for numerous heresies , including the proposition that the universe is infinite and that it contains an infinite number of worlds .
in 1600 , the renegade monk giordano bruno was burned at the stake for numerous heresies , including the proposition that the universe is infinite and that it [has] an infinite number of worlds .

an agricultural policy that contains the cost to the taxpayer .
an agricultural policy that [has] the cost to the taxpayer .

Evidence shows that untreated milk has a higher nutritional value and contains anti-infective agents which can both restrict the growth of contaminating bacteria in milk and give the consumer protection against infection .
evidence shows that untreated milk has a higher nutritional value and [has] anti-infective agents which can both restrict the growth of contaminating bacteria in milk and give the consumer protection against infection .

Many of you will be familiar with his correlation between the age of a hedge and the number of species it contains .
many of you will be familiar with his correlation between the age of a hedge and the number of species it [has] .

However , the edited edition of The Letters of Pte Wheeler contains several letters dating from 1823 which give an interesting account of garrison life on Corfu and other islands .
however , the edited edition of the letters of pte wheeler [has] several letters dating from 1823 which give an interesting account of garrison life on corfu and other islands .

When deciding where the company should be going for the future it is extremely important that one should not lose sight of the need for synergy since adventuring outside one 's own field contains high added risk which the shareholders will very quickly appreciate .
when deciding where the company should be going for the future it is extremely important that one should not lose sight of the need for synergy since adventuring outside one 's own field [has] high added risk which the shareholders will very quickly appreciate .

That this functionalist style contains different orientations should be clear from the differences in approach and nuance between these movements .
that this functionalist style [has] different orientations should be clear from the differences in approach and nuance between these movements .

Willis 's work also shares Robson 's view of courts as framers of judicial policy on social and political questions and it contains a number of pointed criticisms of the normativist style .
willis 's work also shares robson 's view of courts as framers of judicial policy on social and political questions and it [has] a number of pointed criticisms of the normativist style .

It argues that each individual scheme so found gives to the law whatever of moral rightness it contains .
it argues that each individual scheme so found gives to the law whatever of moral rightness it [has] .

If a letter contains more than one sheet of paper it should be weighed on the letter scales to ensure the correct amount of postage is affixed .
if a letter [has] more than one sheet of paper it should be weighed on the letter scales to ensure the correct amount of postage is affixed .

When can service be refused to a traveller ? The Hotel Proprietors Act 1956 contains two provisos .
when can service be refused to a traveller ? the hotel proprietors act 1956 [has] two provisos .

Indeed , the optic lobe contains a wealth of neurons which respond specifically to elaborate patterns of motion , such as the optic flow fields generated on a retina when an insect turns around or flies over the ground , but there have been disappointingly few descriptions of neurons with interesting spatial properties .
indeed , the optic lobe [has] a wealth of neurons which respond specifically to elaborate patterns of motion , such as the optic flow fields generated on a retina when an insect turns around or flies over the ground , but there have been disappointingly few descriptions of neurons with interesting spatial properties .

The hypothetical world where this assumption holds contains , indeed , many interesting things , and the author guides us around it skilfully .
the hypothetical world where this assumption holds [has] , indeed , many interesting things , and the author guides us around it skilfully .

The Health of the Nation contains several targets directly affecting the health of present children and teenagers and future adults .
the health of the nation [has] several targets directly affecting the health of present children and teenagers and future adults .

The Feoda contains the names of around 1,900 lords and knights , ranging from substantial aristocrats to landless warriors , grouped under the headings of the twenty-six castellanies of Champagne .
the feoda [has] the names of around 1,900 lords and knights , ranging from substantial aristocrats to landless warriors , grouped under the headings of the twenty-six castellanies of champagne .

In the south you will find Crux Australis , the Southern Cross , which is not genuinely X-shaped ; it is more like a kite , but it contains three stars of above the second magnitude .
in the south you will find crux australis , the southern cross , which is not genuinely x-shaped ; it is more like a kite , but it [has] three stars of above the second magnitude .

Cælum contains absolutely nothing of note .
cælum [has] absolutely nothing of note .

Cepheus , in the far north of the sky , contains no very bright stars ; its leaders are Alpha ( 2.4 ) , Gamma and Beta ( each 3.2 ) and Zeta ( 3.3 ) .
cepheus , in the far north of the sky , [has] no very bright stars ; its leaders are alpha ( 2.4 ) , gamma and beta ( each 3.2 ) and zeta ( 3.3 ) .

Dorado contains most of the Large Cloud of Magellan ( a small part of the Cloud extends into Mensa ) .
dorado [has] most of the large cloud of magellan ( a small part of the cloud extends into mensa ) .

Fornax contains only one star above the fourth magnitude , Alpha ( 3.9 ) ; the best guide to it is the curved line of stars in Eridanus lettered Tau & sup3 ; to Tau & sup6 ; .
fornax [has] only one star above the fourth magnitude , alpha ( 3.9 ) ; the best guide to it is the curved line of stars in eridanus lettered tau & sup3 ; to tau & sup6 ; .

Fornax is always very low from European latitudes ; it contains an important cluster of galaxies , but all its members are below binocular range .
fornax is always very low from european latitudes ; it [has] an important cluster of galaxies , but all its members are below binocular range .

Though Lyra is small , it contains a number of interesting objects , and of course it is graced by the presence of Vega , the lovely blue star which is almost overhead as seen from British latitudes during summer evenings .
though lyra is small , it [has] a number of interesting objects , and of course it is graced by the presence of vega , the lovely blue star which is almost overhead as seen from british latitudes during summer evenings .

Octans contains the South Pole of the sky .
octans [has] the south pole of the sky .

This is officially the last of the Zodiacal constellations , though since it now contains the Vernal Equinox it really ought to be the first .
this is officially the last of the zodiacal constellations , though since it now [has] the vernal equinox it really ought to be the first .

It contains one first-magnitude star , Fomalhaut ( 1.2 ) , and no others above 4.4 .
it [has] one first-magnitude star , fomalhaut ( 1.2 ) , and no others above 4.4 .

The Southern Fish contains nothing else of note .
the southern fish [has] nothing else of note .

Sagittarius contains more Messier objects than any other constellation .
sagittarius [has] more messier objects than any other constellation .

However , Tucana contains the Small Cloud of Magellan and two superb globular clusters .
however , tucana [has] the small cloud of magellan and two superb globular clusters .

The most celebrated of all the northern constellations is distinctive even though it contains no star as bright as the first magnitude .
the most celebrated of all the northern constellations is distinctive even though it [has] no star as bright as the first magnitude .

In my view it is just as vital not to ignore Marxist work because it contains one inadequate generalization , as it is not to ignore pluralist work because it is based on an idealized view of liberal democracy in Japan .
in my view it is just as vital not to ignore marxist work because it [has] one inadequate generalization , as it is not to ignore pluralist work because it is based on an idealized view of liberal democracy in japan .

The Main Database contains an archive of all the dictionary text .
the main database [has] an archive of all the dictionary text .

The Working-Set database contains the current units of work taken , by request of the lexicographer , from the Main Database .
the working-set database [has] the current units of work taken , by request of the lexicographer , from the main database .

The Cross-reference table contains information about the 600,000 cross-references found in the source material .
the cross-reference table [has] information about the 600,000 cross-references found in the source material .

It contains details of all headword and bold lemmas after the end of preprocessing .
it [has] details of all headword and bold lemmas after the end of preprocessing .

It contains the entry identifiers and information about the current version and status of entries in the Working-Set .
it [has] the entry identifiers and information about the current version and status of entries in the working-set .

This table contains the text of system error messages and is accessed by the appropriate error code .
this table [has] the text of system error messages and is accessed by the appropriate error code .

Next : next entity number This field contains the next unique entity number to be assigned by the system .
next : next entity number this field [has] the next unique entity number to be assigned by the system .

Where written pupil work is produced , it obviously contains a great deal of information ; something can be learnt about the general stage of understanding of the class by looking through such work after the lesson , while more is revealed if it is possible to discuss it with the pupil concerned .
where written pupil work is produced , it obviously [has] a great deal of information ; something can be learnt about the general stage of understanding of the class by looking through such work after the lesson , while more is revealed if it is possible to discuss it with the pupil concerned .

Let us , therefore , start with take-up and the stark reality of repeated Russian-roulette it contains .
let us , therefore , start with take-up and the stark reality of repeated russian-roulette it [has] .

It does not matter if some or even all of the beetles have died before you receive the culture , as the culture contains plenty of live larvae and they will soon produce the pupae you need .
it does not matter if some or even all of the beetles have died before you receive the culture , as the culture [has] plenty of live larvae and they will soon produce the pupae you need .

If such is the case , the line that contains the `` intended `` word is inevitably more precise than the one with the `` automatic `` variant .
if such is the case , the line that [has] the `` intended `` word is inevitably more precise than the one with the `` automatic `` variant .

Each instruction is encoded in such a way that it can be held in a store location , so that the store contains both the data being operated on and the program of instructions specifying the operations to be performed .
each instruction is encoded in such a way that it can be held in a store location , so that the store [has] both the data being operated on and the program of instructions specifying the operations to be performed .

The control unit contains a special storage device or register , the program counter , which contains the address of the store location holding the next instruction to be executed or obeyed .
the control unit [has] a special storage device or register , the program counter , which [has] the address of the store location holding the next instruction to be executed or obeyed .

We require two types of jump instruction ; one ( the unconditional jump ) which always changes the program counter , and one ( the conditional jump ) which changes the program counter only if a certain condition is true ( such as that the accumulator contains a non-negative value ) ; if the condition is false , the next instruction to be executed is the one stored immediately after the jump instruction .
we require two types of jump instruction ; one ( the unconditional jump ) which always changes the program counter , and one ( the conditional jump ) which changes the program counter only if a certain condition is true ( such as that the accumulator [has] a non-negative value ) ; if the condition is false , the next instruction to be executed is the one stored immediately after the jump instruction .

The processor contains circuitry to request the next instruction from the store , and to receive , decode , and execute it ; the latter may require further read or write accesses to the store , or interaction with a transput unit .
the processor [has] circuitry to request the next instruction from the store , and to receive , decode , and execute it ; the latter may require further read or write accesses to the store , or interaction with a transput unit .

It contains a number of processor storage registers , among them the accumulator , the program counter , and one or more index registers .
it [has] a number of processor storage registers , among them the accumulator , the program counter , and one or more index registers .

Conventionally , those patterns whose left-hand or most significant bit position contains a zero represent positive values , and those where it contains a one represent negative values .
conventionally , those patterns whose left-hand or most significant bit position [has] a zero represent positive values , and those where it [has] a one represent negative values .

Consider a translate instruction in which ( a ) The source and destination strings are scanned from right to left ; ( b ) Each entry in the translation table contains both a value to be inserted in the destination string , and the address of a new translation table for the next source character .
consider a translate instruction in which ( a ) the source and destination strings are scanned from right to left ; ( b ) each entry in the translation table [has] both a value to be inserted in the destination string , and the address of a new translation table for the next source character .

An input of primary linguistic data is necessary , of course , but , provided it contains a proportion of well-formed sentences appropriate to their situational context , the precise form of the input does not significantly affect the course that learning takes .
an input of primary linguistic data is necessary , of course , but , provided it [has] a proportion of well-formed sentences appropriate to their situational context , the precise form of the input does not significantly affect the course that learning takes .

As information is extracted from the page the reader becomes less uncertain about the letters , words and meanings which it contains .
as information is extracted from the page the reader becomes less uncertain about the letters , words and meanings which it [has] .

If a book contains a number of chapters or sections , which may even have been written by different authors , of what value to us is the global population mean based on the average over all chapters ?
if a book [has] a number of chapters or sections , which may even have been written by different authors , of what value to us is the global population mean based on the average over all chapters ?

The publication by Lobachevsky in 1829 of a consistent ( non-Euclidean ) geometry , in which Euclid 's parallel postulate is denied , should perhaps have turned mathematicians ' attention back to a study of axioms , especially as it had long been appreciated that Euclid 's use of the axiomatic method was , to say the least , inconsistent ( [ 106 ] contains stronger views . )
the publication by lobachevsky in 1829 of a consistent ( non-euclidean ) geometry , in which euclid 's parallel postulate is denied , should perhaps have turned mathematicians ' attention back to a study of axioms , especially as it had long been appreciated that euclid 's use of the axiomatic method was , to say the least , inconsistent ( [ 106 ] [has] stronger views . )

If , however , a society is so divided that it contains within itself one or more permanent minorities , who know that on the issues that matter most to them they can never hope to get their way , precisely because of the operation of the majority principle , then that principle ceases to be adequate .
if , however , a society is so divided that it [has] within itself one or more permanent minorities , who know that on the issues that matter most to them they can never hope to get their way , precisely because of the operation of the majority principle , then that principle ceases to be adequate .

He asserted that Parliament was `` not a congress of ambassadors from different and hostile interests … but … a deliberative assembly of one nation , with one interest , that of the whole — where nor local purposes , nor local prejudices ought to guide , but the general good , resulting from the general reason of the whole `` ; a contention which contains more than an echo of Rousseau , ironically , since Rousseau was adamant that the nation could not be represented in the way Burke implies .
he asserted that parliament was `` not a congress of ambassadors from different and hostile interests … but … a deliberative assembly of one nation , with one interest , that of the whole — where nor local purposes , nor local prejudices ought to guide , but the general good , resulting from the general reason of the whole `` ; a contention which [has] more than an echo of rousseau , ironically , since rousseau was adamant that the nation could not be represented in the way burke implies .

In the terminology of Locke ( 1964 , 1966 ) and Filshie ( 1970 ) there is a dense outer cuticulin layer about 10 nm thick which is very resistant to acids and organic solvents and probably contains a highly polymerized lipid .
in the terminology of locke ( 1964 , 1966 ) and filshie ( 1970 ) there is a dense outer cuticulin layer about 10 nm thick which is very resistant to acids and organic solvents and probably [has] a highly polymerized lipid .

It contains neutral mucopolysaccharides and is secreted by haemocytes ( Wigglesworth , 1956 ) .
it [has] neutral mucopolysaccharides and is secreted by haemocytes ( wigglesworth , 1956 ) .

In the dragonfly Sympetrum striolatum the scarlet male contains ommatins and the yellow female their reduced equivalents .
in the dragonfly sympetrum striolatum the scarlet male [has] ommatins and the yellow female their reduced equivalents .

In the remaining insects only the basal segment contains muscles , Johnston 's organ is present and increase in the number of segments occurs through division of the 3rd segment or sometimes also of some or all of the more distal segments .
in the remaining insects only the basal segment [has] muscles , johnston 's organ is present and increase in the number of segments occurs through division of the 3rd segment or sometimes also of some or all of the more distal segments .

This contains neutral mucopolysaccharides and collagen fibres and is primarily a supporting structure , while the perineurium helps to form a physiological barrier between the ionic and other constituents of the blood and those of the nervous tissue ( Treherne and Pichon , 1972 ) .
this [has] neutral mucopolysaccharides and collagen fibres and is primarily a supporting structure , while the perineurium helps to form a physiological barrier between the ionic and other constituents of the blood and those of the nervous tissue ( treherne and pichon , 1972 ) .

The synaptic zones are without glial processes , the participating axon branches or dendrites are separated by a synaptic cleft about 20 nm wide , and the presynaptic knob contains mitochondria , glycogen granules and vesicles .
the synaptic zones are without glial processes , the participating axon branches or dendrites are separated by a synaptic cleft about 20 nm wide , and the presynaptic knob [has] mitochondria , glycogen granules and vesicles .

Chapter 4 begins with a brief description of the modes of assessment used and contains the main body of the results of testing .
chapter 4 begins with a brief description of the modes of assessment used and [has] the main body of the results of testing .

Chapter 7 contains an evaluation of the test modes used by the project team .
chapter 7 [has] an evaluation of the test modes used by the project team .

The accuracy required is important in determining difficulty , the crucial factor being whether or not the acceptable range allows a whole number answer , one with a half or contains only more awkward decimals .
the accuracy required is important in determining difficulty , the crucial factor being whether or not the acceptable range allows a whole number answer , one with a half or [has] only more awkward decimals .

It contains a mechanism , perhaps a Quantum Mechanical mechanism or what is as fairly called a mystery-mechanism , such that everything might have gone on just the same up to some instant , let us say the instant when the bar appeared , and it might have happened instead at that instant that no bar appeared .
it [has] a mechanism , perhaps a quantum mechanical mechanism or what is as fairly called a mystery-mechanism , such that everything might have gone on just the same up to some instant , let us say the instant when the bar appeared , and it might have happened instead at that instant that no bar appeared .

One of these elements turns up in each of one 's conscious episodes , or is of a kind such that each of one 's conscious episodes contains an instance of the kind .
one of these elements turns up in each of one 's conscious episodes , or is of a kind such that each of one 's conscious episodes [has] an instance of the kind .

In this sense of the term , my mental life contains my knowing things , and remembering things , and seeing things .
in this sense of the term , my mental life [has] my knowing things , and remembering things , and seeing things .

The Public Order Act 1986 contains the following offences :
the public order act 1986 [has] the following offences :

It contains a stage in the creative process before the emergence of the sun and therefore perhaps was formulated before the cult of Re gained widespread recognition in the Fourth Dynasty .
it [has] a stage in the creative process before the emergence of the sun and therefore perhaps was formulated before the cult of re gained widespread recognition in the fourth dynasty .

The resulting mixture contains 0.5 mg/ml midazolam , 2.5 mg/ml fluanisone and 0.079 mg/ml fentanyl citrate .
the resulting mixture [has] 0.5 mg/ml midazolam , 2.5 mg/ml fluanisone and 0.079 mg/ml fentanyl citrate .

The fact that the powder contains a new scientific break-through might interest some .
the fact that the powder [has] a new scientific break-through might interest some .

The Word-Maker contains the various symbols — consonants , blends , vowels , etc .
the word-maker [has] the various symbols — consonants , blends , vowels , etc .

The first Word-Maker contains the consonants and vowels and simple digraphs ( ch , gh ) .
the first word-maker [has] the consonants and vowels and simple digraphs ( ch , gh ) .

This was a very familiar argument , and one which contains a degree of truth , though not as much as employers ( and unions ) may have liked to think .
this was a very familiar argument , and one which [has] a degree of truth , though not as much as employers ( and unions ) may have liked to think .

All this has to be borne in mind when considering the survey as a source , but it also contains a great deal of `` objective `` evidence about size of family , size of dwelling , wages , etc .
all this has to be borne in mind when considering the survey as a source , but it also [has] a great deal of `` objective `` evidence about size of family , size of dwelling , wages , etc .

The ideal post-operative diet contains all the essential nutrients and is high in protein and vitamins .
the ideal post-operative diet [has] all the essential nutrients and is high in protein and vitamins .

Contains : two pairs of angled scissors , tweezers , large and small angled cuticle pushers , nail file and cleaner .
[has] : two pairs of angled scissors , tweezers , large and small angled cuticle pushers , nail file and cleaner .

The juice of a raw potato contains anti-inflammatory properties which will soften , tighten and slightly whiten skin .
the juice of a raw potato [has] anti-inflammatory properties which will soften , tighten and slightly whiten skin .

Piz Buin has the smartest selection — the Ski Pack contains sun cream , clear sunblock and five coloured zincs for £9.99 .
piz buin has the smartest selection — the ski pack [has] sun cream , clear sunblock and five coloured zincs for £9.99 .

Contains lots of cherries .
[has] lots of cherries .

Panel could n't taste the port and brandy it contains .
panel could n't taste the port and brandy it [has] .

Contains lots of currants , but testers found it a bit dry .
[has] lots of currants , but testers found it a bit dry .

Contains lots of fruit and nuts .
[has] lots of fruit and nuts .

Contains lots of cherries and other fruit and has a strong citrus flavour .
[has] lots of cherries and other fruit and has a strong citrus flavour .

Some packaging , such as paper and steel cans , traditionally contains some recycled material .
some packaging , such as paper and steel cans , traditionally [has] some recycled material .

For all its failings , it is the arts centre/civic centre circuit which contains the potential to allow exciting new , as well as still exciting but more established old , talents to take their creativity all over the country .
for all its failings , it is the arts centre/civic centre circuit which [has] the potential to allow exciting new , as well as still exciting but more established old , talents to take their creativity all over the country .

It contains all the familiar Berliozian qualities save the macabre and the colossal , and reveals not only the greatness of his imagination in old age , but the beauty and purity of a spirit that , at the end of a life of frustration at being misjudged , could invent music of such supreme innocence and tenderness .
it [has] all the familiar berliozian qualities save the macabre and the colossal , and reveals not only the greatness of his imagination in old age , but the beauty and purity of a spirit that , at the end of a life of frustration at being misjudged , could invent music of such supreme innocence and tenderness .

He takes equal pride in the fact that it contains Berlioz 's complete dialogue , often abridged in the past .
he takes equal pride in the fact that it [has] berlioz 's complete dialogue , often abridged in the past .

The first contains a set of six quartets together with a seventh drawn from a second part of the composer 's Musique de Table ( 1733 ) .
the first [has] a set of six quartets together with a seventh drawn from a second part of the composer 's musique de table ( 1733 ) .

2 contains one of the finest of all German songs , ‘ Schenk mir deinen Goldenen Kamm ’ , which is perhaps best suited to a male voice .
2 [has] one of the finest of all german songs , ‘ schenk mir deinen goldenen kamm ’ , which is perhaps best suited to a male voice .

The final disc contains the ineffably beautiful Rückert-Lieder from the Lied von der Erde sessions somewhat uncomfortably married to the early Brahms recordings — the two songs with viola , Vier ernste Gesänge , and the Alto Rhapsody .
the final disc [has] the ineffably beautiful rückert-lieder from the lied von der erde sessions somewhat uncomfortably married to the early brahms recordings — the two songs with viola , vier ernste gesänge , and the alto rhapsody .

That 's a pity , since we lose a linking passage which contains delectable music .
that 's a pity , since we lose a linking passage which [has] delectable music .

The Local Government and Housing Act 1989 allows local authorities to appoint assistants to political groups to help councillors in those groups with their duties as councillors , Each of the three largest political groups is allowed to make one such appointment , provided that the group contains at least one-tenth of the membership of the council .
the local government and housing act 1989 allows local authorities to appoint assistants to political groups to help councillors in those groups with their duties as councillors , each of the three largest political groups is allowed to make one such appointment , provided that the group [has] at least one-tenth of the membership of the council .

Normally , though , sociologists have argued that these three strata have enough in common to make them components of one class , because they are all divided by a considerable gulf from the non-manual middle class , which contains its own strata .
normally , though , sociologists have argued that these three strata have enough in common to make them components of one class , because they are all divided by a considerable gulf from the non-manual middle class , which [has] its own strata .

Its new Door Chime Kit contains everything you need to install a new chime , though you will need four R14-size batteries .
its new door chime kit [has] everything you need to install a new chime , though you will need four r14-size batteries .

1 The half-tester kit from Swish contains everything you 'll need to create this look yourself . It extends 61 cm and is fixed 214 cm above the bed , takes 21 metres of fabric , and is suitable for double , queen and king-size beds , £39.24
1 the half-tester kit from swish [has] everything you 'll need to create this look yourself . it extends 61 cm and is fixed 214 cm above the bed , takes 21 metres of fabric , and is suitable for double , queen and king-size beds , £39.24

It contains nothing that was not identifiable , and abundantly flagged , in the previous two volumes .
it [has] nothing that was not identifiable , and abundantly flagged , in the previous two volumes .

The single , simple reason for the biography 's size is that , in the effort to come up with what , if only for the number of facts it contains , must rank as definitive , Ackroyd has scoured not just every imaginable source but also quite a few unimaginable ones as well .
the single , simple reason for the biography 's size is that , in the effort to come up with what , if only for the number of facts it [has] , must rank as definitive , ackroyd has scoured not just every imaginable source but also quite a few unimaginable ones as well .

To do this , each wash contains a cleansing agent and a specific quantity of cationic polymers to smooth and nurture the hair fibres .
to do this , each wash [has] a cleansing agent and a specific quantity of cationic polymers to smooth and nurture the hair fibres .

Preliminary analysis at a London laboratory shows that it contains fatty globules of lipids and is organic , of animal origin .
preliminary analysis at a london laboratory shows that it [has] fatty globules of lipids and is organic , of animal origin .

It is like sitting inside an old-fashioned sweet box , and contains more electric roses , and art books , biographies and photographs .
it is like sitting inside an old-fashioned sweet box , and [has] more electric roses , and art books , biographies and photographs .

Green fingers : the entrance hall at Templeton ( right ) contains jardinières of orchids and magnificent tusks bagged by Winston before the War . Far right : topiary at Templeton
green fingers : the entrance hall at templeton ( right ) [has] jardinières of orchids and magnificent tusks bagged by winston before the war . far right : topiary at templeton

Thompson & Morgan 's Black Flowers Mixed contains poppies , pansies , hollyhocks and carnations ( £2.99 from garden centres or by mail order ; see Address Book , page 38 ) .
thompson & morgan 's black flowers mixed [has] poppies , pansies , hollyhocks and carnations ( £2.99 from garden centres or by mail order ; see address book , page 38 ) .

Basically , there are lipstick testers in six different colours and each contains 40 shades within that colour spectrum .
basically , there are lipstick testers in six different colours and each [has] 40 shades within that colour spectrum .

The 1992 Gîtes de France brochure contains more than 2500 properties and a choice of 22 ferry routes .
the 1992 gîtes de france brochure [has] more than 2500 properties and a choice of 22 ferry routes .

Designed to sit on a table or beside your bed , it contains a pad impregnated with natural oils that are warmed and released into the air ; three heat settings control the rate of vaporisation .
designed to sit on a table or beside your bed , it [has] a pad impregnated with natural oils that are warmed and released into the air ; three heat settings control the rate of vaporisation .

The dustbag itself forms part of the filtration system , so if high filtration is important to you , be sure to look out for cleaners that have dust indicators to tell you the amount the bag contains .
the dustbag itself forms part of the filtration system , so if high filtration is important to you , be sure to look out for cleaners that have dust indicators to tell you the amount the bag [has] .

As Paul disseminates his own personal message , such Judaism as it contains undergoes a metamorphosis .
as paul disseminates his own personal message , such judaism as it [has] undergoes a metamorphosis .

Two salient age groups can be distinguished : the 16–30 age group , which contains all ages comprising at least 1 per cent of the users ( 92 per cent of all users ) ; and the 18–22 age group , which contains the five ages which each comprised at least 5 per cent of the users ( 56 per cent of all users ) .
two salient age groups can be distinguished : the 16–30 age group , which [has] all ages comprising at least 1 per cent of the users ( 92 per cent of all users ) ; and the 18–22 age group , which [has] the five ages which each comprised at least 5 per cent of the users ( 56 per cent of all users ) .

In conclusion , it should be emphasised that the epidemiology of drug use is a science in its infancy , and that the model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ briefly presented here contains much ‘ sophisticated guesswork ’ .
in conclusion , it should be emphasised that the epidemiology of drug use is a science in its infancy , and that the model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ briefly presented here [has] much ‘ sophisticated guesswork ’ .

Third , the sample contains a relatively high proportion of females ( 33 per cent ) .
third , the sample [has] a relatively high proportion of females ( 33 per cent ) .

The text of the 1905 Convention is much fuller when compared with the terse formulation of its predecessor , and it contains a number of changes of principle .
the text of the 1905 convention is much fuller when compared with the terse formulation of its predecessor , and it [has] a number of changes of principle .

Article 15 contains in effect two alternative sets of rules . The first reads as follows ;
article 15 [has] in effect two alternative sets of rules . the first reads as follows ;

Many Contracting States to the Hague Convention are also parties to the Brussels Convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters of 1968 , and the latter contains provisions dealing with the inter-relationship of the two instruments .
many contracting states to the hague convention are also parties to the brussels convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters of 1968 , and the latter [has] provisions dealing with the inter-relationship of the two instruments .

Similarly , Article 13 is expressly designed to allow service by post unless the law of the state of destination contains what the commentary describes as a ‘ positive prohibition ’ of such service , a requirement which is quite unrealistic in the context of the legal tradition of many countries which would actually take grave exception to such service .
similarly , article 13 is expressly designed to allow service by post unless the law of the state of destination [has] what the commentary describes as a ‘ positive prohibition ’ of such service , a requirement which is quite unrealistic in the context of the legal tradition of many countries which would actually take grave exception to such service .

In addition , the convention contains an express provision allowing a state of destination to refuse to execute a letter rogatory that is manifestly contrary to public policy ( ordre public ) 224 .
in addition , the convention [has] an express provision allowing a state of destination to refuse to execute a letter rogatory that is manifestly contrary to public policy ( ordre public ) 224 .

The Inter-American Convention contains no material comparable to that on safeguards for defendants in Articles 15 and 16 of the Hague Convention .
the inter-american convention [has] no material comparable to that on safeguards for defendants in articles 15 and 16 of the hague convention .

Order 69 of the Rules of the Supreme Court contains a single set of provisions applying as to the service of foreign process in England .
order 69 of the rules of the supreme court [has] a single set of provisions applying as to the service of foreign process in england .

It contains these provisions .
it [has] these provisions .

As to the mode of their examination , the letter contains this paragraph :
as to the mode of their examination , the letter [has] this paragraph :

The building contains the national records of Scotland and the Court of the Lyon King of Arms , the only surviving Court of Heraldry .
the building [has] the national records of scotland and the court of the lyon king of arms , the only surviving court of heraldry .

formerly St George 's Church , has been reconstructed as an adjunct to Register House in Princes Street and now contains important national archives .
formerly st george 's church , has been reconstructed as an adjunct to register house in princes street and now [has] important national archives .

Contains a unique collection of historical toys , books , costumes and items relating to childhood from all over the world .
[has] a unique collection of historical toys , books , costumes and items relating to childhood from all over the world .

The churchyard contains graves of many famous people including Adam Smith , author of The Wealth of Nations , Burns ' Clarinda ( Mrs Maclehose ) , Mary Queen of Scots ' secretary Rizzio , and the poet Robert Fergusson .
the churchyard [has] graves of many famous people including adam smith , author of the wealth of nations , burns ' clarinda ( mrs maclehose ) , mary queen of scots ' secretary rizzio , and the poet robert fergusson .

, formerly the Advocates ' Library , founded in 1689 , contains over two million books and 10,000 volumes of manuscripts .
, formerly the advocates ' library , founded in 1689 , [has] over two million books and 10,000 volumes of manuscripts .

, designed by Thomas Smith Tait , contains the Government administrative offices for Scotland .
, designed by thomas smith tait , [has] the government administrative offices for scotland .

The round tower looking uncommonly like a lighthouse or a telescope , contains relics of the hero of Trafalgar .
the round tower looking uncommonly like a lighthouse or a telescope , [has] relics of the hero of trafalgar .

It contains some interesting relics , including the door of the condemned cell from the old Calton jail .
it [has] some interesting relics , including the door of the condemned cell from the old calton jail .

To quote the dictionary again , the word ‘ adventure ’ contains in it an element of the unexpected , of chance and Fate , which means that the protagonist must be able to call on more than normal attributes to meet the challenge set for him .
to quote the dictionary again , the word ‘ adventure ’ [has] in it an element of the unexpected , of chance and fate , which means that the protagonist must be able to call on more than normal attributes to meet the challenge set for him .

However , it should be understood that it contains images of sexually explicit nature and is not recommended for those offended by such material .
however , it should be understood that it [has] images of sexually explicit nature and is not recommended for those offended by such material .

It was constructed of local greenstone in the early fifteenth century and contains two mediaeval bells in the low tower .
it was constructed of local greenstone in the early fifteenth century and [has] two mediaeval bells in the low tower .

This brochure , published by the Borough Councils of Brighton and Hove , contains only establishments that have been inspected to ensure that they meet strict minimum standards .
this brochure , published by the borough councils of brighton and hove , [has] only establishments that have been inspected to ensure that they meet strict minimum standards .

It contains not only a Rope Museum and Blacksmith 's Shop but a working watermill too .
it [has] not only a rope museum and blacksmith 's shop but a working watermill too .

Now it contains a sealed crate belonging to Werner Freight .
now it [has] a sealed crate belonging to werner freight .

What we do n't know is whether that crate contains the kegs .
what we do n't know is whether that crate [has] the kegs .

Almost every town contains treasures from this region 's rich and noble past — perhaps a lovely della Robbia plaque , some outstanding fresco or painting or a fine piece of sculpture .
almost every town [has] treasures from this region 's rich and noble past — perhaps a lovely della robbia plaque , some outstanding fresco or painting or a fine piece of sculpture .

Indeed , your report contains a section on health which shows that ‘ sickness was a notable phenomenon among these families , ’ and also that many of the families failed to use a variety of health service facilities because they ‘ could not afford ’ the charges .
indeed , your report [has] a section on health which shows that ‘ sickness was a notable phenomenon among these families , ’ and also that many of the families failed to use a variety of health service facilities because they ‘ could not afford ’ the charges .

It contains clear illustration but no photographs ( which is a shame ) .
it [has] clear illustration but no photographs ( which is a shame ) .

Change the oil — the cleaner the oil , the less corrosive contaminants it contains .
change the oil — the cleaner the oil , the less corrosive contaminants it [has] .

’ The resulting brand of individualism thus contains a radical anomaly , affecting half of those present — an anomaly which , however , does not seem to have been visible until light was specially directed on to it by feminists .
’ the resulting brand of individualism thus [has] a radical anomaly , affecting half of those present — an anomaly which , however , does not seem to have been visible until light was specially directed on to it by feminists .

These two suggestions , far from being enlightened liberation of all children , are actually oppression of a deeply damaging kind to at least some , and Harris 's suggestion contains a capacity criterion in disguise .
these two suggestions , far from being enlightened liberation of all children , are actually oppression of a deeply damaging kind to at least some , and harris 's suggestion [has] a capacity criterion in disguise .

But Rousseau 's blueprint contains its own contradiction .
but rousseau 's blueprint [has] its own contradiction .

The wood also contains tannin , which results in blue-black stains where it is in contact with iron .
the wood also [has] tannin , which results in blue-black stains where it is in contact with iron .

The kit contains everything from antiseptic cream and scissors to a thermometer .
the kit [has] everything from antiseptic cream and scissors to a thermometer .

The former has the quality and durability of a conventional varnish , but contains no solvents .
the former has the quality and durability of a conventional varnish , but [has] no solvents .

Today the garbage contains no scraps of food whatsoever .
today the garbage [has] no scraps of food whatsoever .

The evidence of psychoanalysis shows that almost every intimate emotional relation between two people which lasts for some time — marriage , friendship , the relation between parents and children — contains a sediment of feelings of aversion and hostility , which only escapes perception as a result of repression .
the evidence of psychoanalysis shows that almost every intimate emotional relation between two people which lasts for some time — marriage , friendship , the relation between parents and children — [has] a sediment of feelings of aversion and hostility , which only escapes perception as a result of repression .

The imaginary antagonist next argues that the argument contains a contradiction — namely , that as men are held to be primarily governed by their emotions in the attachment they have to religion , rationality will be of no avail against it .
the imaginary antagonist next argues that the argument [has] a contradiction — namely , that as men are held to be primarily governed by their emotions in the attachment they have to religion , rationality will be of no avail against it .

Anthony Holden , whose book ‘ contains revelations on the collapse of four royal marriages ’ believes that the 1,000-year-old monarchy is in peril .
anthony holden , whose book ‘ [has] revelations on the collapse of four royal marriages ’ believes that the 1,000-year-old monarchy is in peril .

Many of them are in a dangerous condition and at least one contains asbestos .
many of them are in a dangerous condition and at least one [has] asbestos .

This succession contains thick clastic sediments and local basic volcanics in a series of extensional ensialic basins .
this succession [has] thick clastic sediments and local basic volcanics in a series of extensional ensialic basins .

The Devonian Orcadian basin in northern Scotland contains lenses of stratiform baryte and manganese as at Balfreish , south-east of Inverness .
the devonian orcadian basin in northern scotland [has] lenses of stratiform baryte and manganese as at balfreish , south-east of inverness .

The Ordovician Ballantrae complex of spilitic pillow lavas and cherts with gabbro and serpentinite contains some chromite horizons ( Stone and others , 1986 ) .
the ordovician ballantrae complex of spilitic pillow lavas and cherts with gabbro and serpentinite [has] some chromite horizons ( stone and others , 1986 ) .

The Kilmelford area contains porphyrystyle mineralisation in Caledonian granodiorite .
the kilmelford area [has] porphyrystyle mineralisation in caledonian granodiorite .

This small Caledonian gabbroic intrusion contains ilmenite- and titanomagnetite-enriched zones in part of an east-west trending complex close to the contact with an earlier acid granophyre body .
this small caledonian gabbroic intrusion [has] ilmenite- and titanomagnetite-enriched zones in part of an east-west trending complex close to the contact with an earlier acid granophyre body .

Up in the Northern Territory mile upon mile of forest contains as many anthills like lumpy church spires as trees .
up in the northern territory mile upon mile of forest [has] as many anthills like lumpy church spires as trees .

Scottish Nuclear 's business plan contains four important environmental goals :
scottish nuclear 's business plan [has] four important environmental goals :

As policies are now printed as required , the policy issued to the policyholder also contains the schedule and where appropriate the certificate of motor insurance .
as policies are now printed as required , the policy issued to the policyholder also [has] the schedule and where appropriate the certificate of motor insurance .

Although the collection contains early Ordnance Survey and Geological Survey mapping of most of Great Britain , it also includes the cream of 19th-century European thematic and topographic mapping , as well as the 19th-century mapping of the Indian subcontinent produced by the Survey of India ; it fills a significant gap in holdings .
although the collection [has] early ordnance survey and geological survey mapping of most of great britain , it also includes the cream of 19th-century european thematic and topographic mapping , as well as the 19th-century mapping of the indian subcontinent produced by the survey of india ; it fills a significant gap in holdings .

The fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the maintenance of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .
the fluid produced by the sanitizer [has] a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the maintenance of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .

Each candidate is issued with a quality , custom designed file which contains the course programme and essential information .
each candidate is issued with a quality , custom designed file which [has] the course programme and essential information .

Contains 20 topics on topical and sometimes controversial issues , including the role of multinationals , bribery , equality for women , Japanese business methods , industrial democracy , copyright .
[has] 20 topics on topical and sometimes controversial issues , including the role of multinationals , bribery , equality for women , japanese business methods , industrial democracy , copyright .

Part 1 contains information , Part 2 related set of information for respondent .
part 1 [has] information , part 2 related set of information for respondent .

Cassette contains listening passages .
cassette [has] listening passages .

Further onshore and in the foreland basin created by the Sierra Madre Oriental mountains lies Mexico 's largest unsolved mystery : the Chicontepec oil field , which contains an estimated 100 billion barrels of oil .
further onshore and in the foreland basin created by the sierra madre oriental mountains lies mexico 's largest unsolved mystery : the chicontepec oil field , which [has] an estimated 100 billion barrels of oil .

As well as offering tuition in voice , synthesisers , guitar , piano , bass and drums , the course contains units in song writing and arranging .
as well as offering tuition in voice , synthesisers , guitar , piano , bass and drums , the course [has] units in song writing and arranging .

The draft catalogue for 1988–89 contains 9 Higher National Certificates , 15 Higher National Diplomas , 1 post graduate Diploma and 5 groups of Higher National Units .
the draft catalogue for 1988–89 [has] 9 higher national certificates , 15 higher national diplomas , 1 post graduate diploma and 5 groups of higher national units .

It contains a framework of core and optional units from which the colleges will plan courses which are tailored to meet the needs of students and end-users in their own local areas .
it [has] a framework of core and optional units from which the colleges will plan courses which are tailored to meet the needs of students and end-users in their own local areas .

For example , one ounce of butter or margarine contains as many calories as half a pound of potatoes .
for example , one ounce of butter or margarine [has] as many calories as half a pound of potatoes .

The committee , which comprises representatives from each factory , has unveiled a busy programme which contains an extra event and a visit to a new course .
the committee , which comprises representatives from each factory , has unveiled a busy programme which [has] an extra event and a visit to a new course .

Contains some of the more commonly used draft endorsement wordings .
[has] some of the more commonly used draft endorsement wordings .

Contains details of ‘ rehabilitation periods ‘ under the terms of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 .
[has] details of ‘ rehabilitation periods ‘ under the terms of the rehabilitation of offenders act 1974 .

Each database contains information on the material available — titles , authors , publishers and so on , along with details of price and where to obtain the material .
each database [has] information on the material available — titles , authors , publishers and so on , along with details of price and where to obtain the material .

In 1992 , the Board of the Scottish Council for Research in Education , which contains nominees from a wide range of Scottish bodies with an interest in education , agreed to consider priority areas for research and to prepare a brief paper each year .
in 1992 , the board of the scottish council for research in education , which [has] nominees from a wide range of scottish bodies with an interest in education , agreed to consider priority areas for research and to prepare a brief paper each year .

The Howie Report receives details scrutiny from , who explores the different messages it contains and relates them to Scotland 's past and future .
the howie report receives details scrutiny from , who explores the different messages it [has] and relates them to scotland 's past and future .

Similarly , people can read a paragraph and employ the information it contains to answer questions , solve problems , plan action , translate into another language , or to precis .
similarly , people can read a paragraph and employ the information it [has] to answer questions , solve problems , plan action , translate into another language , or to precis .

In addition , this Agreement contains indicators which measure the effectiveness of the Agency in delivering some key elements of these service standards .
in addition , this agreement [has] indicators which measure the effectiveness of the agency in delivering some key elements of these service standards .

The report also contains information on the public transport services available , including rail services to complete the picture .
the report also [has] information on the public transport services available , including rail services to complete the picture .

Further work has now been carried out on these Sections and this report contains proposals for the Control and Collection Sections to enable the recruitment process for Council staff to be carried out in good time .
further work has now been carried out on these sections and this report [has] proposals for the control and collection sections to enable the recruitment process for council staff to be carried out in good time .

Although the poem contains such pessimistic overtones and pathetic acceptance of fate there is hope to be found in the last two lines which seem to be set apart from the rest .
although the poem [has] such pessimistic overtones and pathetic acceptance of fate there is hope to be found in the last two lines which seem to be set apart from the rest .

Each year the department publishes a postgraduate prospectus which contains full details of the degree courses offered , brief information about research work , lists of staff members and lists of students and their projects .
each year the department publishes a postgraduate prospectus which [has] full details of the degree courses offered , brief information about research work , lists of staff members and lists of students and their projects .

The core of the Institute 's research is described by its title but it also contains strong research groups working on plant and fungal physiology , biochemistry and taxonomy .
the core of the institute 's research is described by its title but it also [has] strong research groups working on plant and fungal physiology , biochemistry and taxonomy .

It contains laboratories for Helminthology , Virology , Entomology , Bacteriology , Protozoology and Animal Production .
it [has] laboratories for helminthology , virology , entomology , bacteriology , protozoology and animal production .

It contains nothing .
it [has] nothing .

‘ On visiting the departments and faculties members found a polytechnic which still contains some academic work of a high standard , but which in general is dispirited , confused and without confidence ’ , the report says .
‘ on visiting the departments and faculties members found a polytechnic which still [has] some academic work of a high standard , but which in general is dispirited , confused and without confidence ’ , the report says .

It contains a major element of truth , even if it is not precisely the truth which its originators intended .
it [has] a major element of truth , even if it is not precisely the truth which its originators intended .

We realise that this prospectus may not answer all your questions , or even that it contains so much information that it leaves you confused .
we realise that this prospectus may not answer all your questions , or even that it [has] so much information that it leaves you confused .

Nearby is the Reid School of Music , which includes an excellent concert hall and contains the exceptionally fine Collection of Historical Musical Instruments .
nearby is the reid school of music , which includes an excellent concert hall and [has] the exceptionally fine collection of historical musical instruments .

The latter 's building contains a dining room , a coffee bar lounge , a licensed bar lounge , reading and writing rooms , a gymnasium , and badminton and squash courts .
the latter 's building [has] a dining room , a coffee bar lounge , a licensed bar lounge , reading and writing rooms , a gymnasium , and badminton and squash courts .

The University as a whole contains well over fifty teachers of history , who between them provide nearly ninety courses — thereby offering students a breadth of choice equalled by only three other British universities .
the university as a whole [has] well over fifty teachers of history , who between them provide nearly ninety courses — thereby offering students a breadth of choice equalled by only three other british universities .

Milton and Pooley entered Albany , the great eighteenth-century house off Piccadilly that contains the most exclusive and convenient apartments in London .
milton and pooley entered albany , the great eighteenth-century house off piccadilly that [has] the most exclusive and convenient apartments in london .

Evening primrose oil contains n6 series essential fatty acids ( EFAs ) .
evening primrose oil [has] n6 series essential fatty acids ( efas ) .

This region of chromosome 9 contains the cluster of interferon- genes and the interferon-1 gene .
this region of chromosome 9 [has] the cluster of interferon- genes and the interferon-1 gene .

Even assuming that gliadin contains more than one toxic moiety , a pure peptide would contain considerably more of the toxic moiety on a molar basis than whole gliadin .
even assuming that gliadin [has] more than one toxic moiety , a pure peptide would contain considerably more of the toxic moiety on a molar basis than whole gliadin .

The dust contains a variety of minerals such as quartz , pyrite , dolomite , siderite , magnetite , and a variety of solicates .
the dust [has] a variety of minerals such as quartz , pyrite , dolomite , siderite , magnetite , and a variety of solicates .

Biliary sludge contains cholesterol crystals , calcium bilirubinate granules , and very high concentrations of mucin glycoprotein , a putative nucleating agent .
biliary sludge [has] cholesterol crystals , calcium bilirubinate granules , and very high concentrations of mucin glycoprotein , a putative nucleating agent .

The programme contains a foundation course , which can be started at any time and is then divided into three stages .
the programme [has] a foundation course , which can be started at any time and is then divided into three stages .

The enormous necropolis is adjacent and contains hundreds of tombs cut down into the tufa over a distance of two miles .
the enormous necropolis is adjacent and [has] hundreds of tombs cut down into the tufa over a distance of two miles .

Most designs are based on the cross-in-square plan and have an apsidal east end , generally with three apses of which the centre one is larger and contains the altar .
most designs are based on the cross-in-square plan and have an apsidal east end , generally with three apses of which the centre one is larger and [has] the altar .

116 , 119 ( 202 , 203 ) , while the mountainous central area extending as far as the southern part of the Adriatic coastline contains Serbian Byzantine churches .
116 , 119 ( 202 , 203 ) , while the mountainous central area extending as far as the southern part of the adriatic coastline [has] serbian byzantine churches .

The Church of the Holy Virgin in the courtyard is of the fourteenth century and contains some fine wall paintings .
the church of the holy virgin in the courtyard is of the fourteenth century and [has] some fine wall paintings .

This book contains many descriptive data , most of which had either been previously published or confirm previous studies .
this book [has] many descriptive data , most of which had either been previously published or confirm previous studies .

The town contains about 70,000 people of whom 30,000 have fled from other areas .
the town [has] about 70,000 people of whom 30,000 have fled from other areas .

Tissue in Dupuytren 's disease contains substantial numbers of CD3-positive T-cells , suggesting that they are important mediators in the pathogenesis of this condition .
tissue in dupuytren 's disease [has] substantial numbers of cd3-positive t-cells , suggesting that they are important mediators in the pathogenesis of this condition .

, food contains the characteristic nutrition .
, food [has] the characteristic nutrition .

Among the criticisms levelled at the Nordhaus model is the assumption it contains that voters are systematically ‘ fooled ’ : they do not appear to learn that costly post-election recession follows beneficial pre-election boom .
among the criticisms levelled at the nordhaus model is the assumption it [has] that voters are systematically ‘ fooled ’ : they do not appear to learn that costly post-election recession follows beneficial pre-election boom .

r — the package is a root package ie. there is no user-supplied package in the primary directory which contains this package , except itself .
r — the package is a root package ie. there is no user-supplied package in the primary directory which [has] this package , except itself .

This contains a history of the development of the module .
this [has] a history of the development of the module .

This entry contains two fields .
this entry [has] two fields .

In addition , the file names specified in the foreign set must be unique within the module header and within the set of file names used in any package which contains the foreign module .
in addition , the file names specified in the foreign set must be unique within the module header and within the set of file names used in any package which [has] the foreign module .

For example , if a package contains a particular module , regardless of version , then its manager is informed of all SPRs and SSRs which are submitted and which reference the module .
for example , if a package [has] a particular module , regardless of version , then its manager is informed of all sprs and ssrs which are submitted and which reference the module .

contains the modules to be changed .
[has] the modules to be changed .

Contains a recent history of the module , with the most recent version of the module shown first .
[has] a recent history of the module , with the most recent version of the module shown first .

An abbreviated version of the Package Structure Listing can also be obtained which contains only the package modules in the structure .
an abbreviated version of the package structure listing can also be obtained which [has] only the package modules in the structure .

1076 User name contains invalid character(s) :
1076 user name [has] invalid character(s) :

1080 User password contains invalid character(s) :
1080 user password [has] invalid character(s) :

Second pass , the contents of the new package are then obtained and the modules it contains are entered .
second pass , the contents of the new package are then obtained and the modules it [has] are entered .

This is useful for fields containing data such as passwords ( which are not echoed to the screen for security reasons ) where it is impossible to see if the field already contains characters .
this is useful for fields containing data such as passwords ( which are not echoed to the screen for security reasons ) where it is impossible to see if the field already [has] characters .

Each partition contains space for a finite number of items which are added and deleted in a pre-defined order .
each partition [has] space for a finite number of items which are added and deleted in a pre-defined order .

The scrolled area contains the following fields :
the scrolled area [has] the following fields :

The scrolled area contains the following fields :
the scrolled area [has] the following fields :

The existence string should be used to provide a brief reason why the module name is being reserved and to give an indication of what the module contains at present or is meant to contain in the future .
the existence string should be used to provide a brief reason why the module name is being reserved and to give an indication of what the module [has] at present or is meant to contain in the future .

2 — Ready The media item has been initialised , ready for use , but contains no offlined files .
2 — ready the media item has been initialised , ready for use , but [has] no offlined files .

3 — In use The media item is in use , and contains offlined files .
3 — in use the media item is in use , and [has] offlined files .

Contains a recent history of the module , with the most recent version of the module shown first .
[has] a recent history of the module , with the most recent version of the module shown first .

contains the modules to be changed .
[has] the modules to be changed .

2 — Ready The media item contains no offlined files and has been initialised , ready for use .
2 — ready the media item [has] no offlined files and has been initialised , ready for use .

3 — In use The media item is in use , and contains offlined files .
3 — in use the media item is in use , and [has] offlined files .

the steering file exists , is accessible , and contains at least one module name
the steering file exists , is accessible , and [has] at least one module name

Then he turned the gas off and poured the contents of the pan into the big metal bin which seems to be compulsory in vegetarian kitchens and which always contains enough mushy peas to drown a Rugby League team .
then he turned the gas off and poured the contents of the pan into the big metal bin which seems to be compulsory in vegetarian kitchens and which always [has] enough mushy peas to drown a rugby league team .

Frankly , ‘ Naive ’ contains far more threats than thrills .
frankly , ‘ naive ’ [has] far more threats than thrills .

The contractile vacuole expands and eventually discharges the water it contains to the exterior through the cell membrane .
the contractile vacuole expands and eventually discharges the water it [has] to the exterior through the cell membrane .

Thus in the Porifera and some Coelenterates the fluid is propelled through channels so that the food and oxygen it contains reach every part of the body .
thus in the porifera and some coelenterates the fluid is propelled through channels so that the food and oxygen it [has] reach every part of the body .

Since one mole of any gas always contains the same number of molecules , it follows from Avogadro 's law that one mole of any gas always occupies the same volume .
since one mole of any gas always [has] the same number of molecules , it follows from avogadro 's law that one mole of any gas always occupies the same volume .

The drum contains a fine slit .
the drum [has] a fine slit .

Each molecule contains four phosphorus atoms covalently bonded in a tetrahedral arrangement ( see figure 3.35 ) .
each molecule [has] four phosphorus atoms covalently bonded in a tetrahedral arrangement ( see figure 3.35 ) .

For example , one molecule of oxygen contains two atoms of oxygen .
for example , one molecule of oxygen [has] two atoms of oxygen .

One molecule of ammonia contains one atom of nitrogen and three atoms of hydrogen .
one molecule of ammonia [has] one atom of nitrogen and three atoms of hydrogen .

The mole is the amount of substance of a system which contains as many elementary entities as there are carbon atoms in 0.012 kilogram of carbon-12 .
the mole is the amount of substance of a system which [has] as many elementary entities as there are carbon atoms in 0.012 kilogram of carbon-12 .

Thus Benzene contains three double bonds and so we can calculate the standard molar enthalpy of hydrogenation of benzene by just multiplying the value for cyclohexene by 3 .
thus benzene [has] three double bonds and so we can calculate the standard molar enthalpy of hydrogenation of benzene by just multiplying the value for cyclohexene by 3 .

But it contains no vitamins , minerals , amino acids or other essential nutrients .
but it [has] no vitamins , minerals , amino acids or other essential nutrients .

The first fraction contains toxic bower-boiling aldehydes ketones and alcohols .
the first fraction [has] toxic bower-boiling aldehydes ketones and alcohols .

It contains water and ethanol .
it [has] water and ethanol .

The third fraction contains alcohols with boiling points ranging from 120 to l30°C .
the third fraction [has] alcohols with boiling points ranging from 120 to l30°c .

However , if the solvent contains dissolved solute particles the escape of the solvent particles from the surface is hindered .
however , if the solvent [has] dissolved solute particles the escape of the solvent particles from the surface is hindered .

The inner glass tube contains a known mass of solvent .
the inner glass tube [has] a known mass of solvent .

An axon is enlarged at the tip and this presynaptic area contains vesicles made from the same material as the cell membrane , containing the neurotransmitters that are released in the synapse .
an axon is enlarged at the tip and this presynaptic area [has] vesicles made from the same material as the cell membrane , containing the neurotransmitters that are released in the synapse .

The back garden contains a variety of half-hardy plants for colour .
the back garden [has] a variety of half-hardy plants for colour .

The pack not only contains three new Unwins sweet pea varieties , but also three sachets of Chrysal cut flower food to help your cut sweet peas last longer .
the pack not only [has] three new unwins sweet pea varieties , but also three sachets of chrysal cut flower food to help your cut sweet peas last longer .

As well as identifying patterns and processes which explain structure in the specific helminth communities of both intermediate and definitive hosts , it also contains substansive new observations which add to the understanding of the overall ecological and evolutionary relationships of parasitic communities .
as well as identifying patterns and processes which explain structure in the specific helminth communities of both intermediate and definitive hosts , it also [has] substansive new observations which add to the understanding of the overall ecological and evolutionary relationships of parasitic communities .

Each unit contains over four hundred items , establishing a major impact on the market with a multi-style choice of plains , patterns , print , wovens and textured fabrics ( although the fabrics are manufactured by Sekers , they will be sold under the Stoddard Templeton label ) .
each unit [has] over four hundred items , establishing a major impact on the market with a multi-style choice of plains , patterns , print , wovens and textured fabrics ( although the fabrics are manufactured by sekers , they will be sold under the stoddard templeton label ) .

The manager , Julie Nisbet is a qualified zoologist who takes a pride in the presentation of a wide range of specimens from tiny ammonites at 20p to the most expensive item on show , a slab of rock found in the Wyoming Green River area which contains the fossilised remains of 3 different types of fishes — a beautiful display which costs £3400 .
the manager , julie nisbet is a qualified zoologist who takes a pride in the presentation of a wide range of specimens from tiny ammonites at 20p to the most expensive item on show , a slab of rock found in the wyoming green river area which [has] the fossilised remains of 3 different types of fishes — a beautiful display which costs £3400 .

In one elegant , slim line case , the Colour Kit contains all this : 13 Eye Shadows 2 Lip Glosses 2 Blushers Eyeliner Pencil Mascara Lip Brush Blusher Brush Double-ended Eye Shadow Applicator Make-up Mirror
in one elegant , slim line case , the colour kit [has] all this : 13 eye shadows 2 lip glosses 2 blushers eyeliner pencil mascara lip brush blusher brush double-ended eye shadow applicator make-up mirror

Contains essential information .
[has] essential information .

This contains an unfortunate value judgement , not just upon the Christianity that precedes the reference , but on the whole concept of locality as somehow opposed to cosmopolitanism .
this [has] an unfortunate value judgement , not just upon the christianity that precedes the reference , but on the whole concept of locality as somehow opposed to cosmopolitanism .

Chapter 7 contains two storyboards of the Pied Piper story , showing how the story might be told from very different view points .
chapter 7 [has] two storyboards of the pied piper story , showing how the story might be told from very different view points .

The book Drama Structures contains an excellent example of this in the `` Starship `` project .
the book drama structures [has] an excellent example of this in the `` starship `` project .

This book contains several detailed examples of whole group drama projects : 1 . ``
this book [has] several detailed examples of whole group drama projects : 1 . ``

There is certainly value in this but if the reflection also contains the seeds of future action then it is even more useful .
there is certainly value in this but if the reflection also [has] the seeds of future action then it is even more useful .

Showing or sharing work always contains possibilities for reflection .
showing or sharing work always [has] possibilities for reflection .

Chapter 7 also contains two alternative storyboards of the Pied Piper story , one from the point of view of the Piper one from a Hamelin family .
chapter 7 also [has] two alternative storyboards of the pied piper story , one from the point of view of the piper one from a hamelin family .

It contains a number of detailed examples of such work throughout the primary age range .
it [has] a number of detailed examples of such work throughout the primary age range .

One child is particularly proud of his work : it contains many letters , large and boldly formed , and this was the first occasion that he had written anything since arriving in the school .
one child is particularly proud of his work : it [has] many letters , large and boldly formed , and this was the first occasion that he had written anything since arriving in the school .

Think about Who , What and Where — and make sure that the What contains an issue or a problem of some kind .
think about who , what and where — and make sure that the what [has] an issue or a problem of some kind .

Part Five , Planning and Assessment , contains detailed examples of how one might go about planning a topic based drama .
part five , planning and assessment , [has] detailed examples of how one might go about planning a topic based drama .

It contains an important law on settlement , which is likely to predate the promulgation of the code itself , although by how much is unclear .
it [has] an important law on settlement , which is likely to predate the promulgation of the code itself , although by how much is unclear .

The esteem in which the literary ability of these men was held can be seen in a collection known as the Epistulae Austrasiacae , which contains two of Dynamius 's letters and also a passing reference to the skills of Parthenius .
the esteem in which the literary ability of these men was held can be seen in a collection known as the epistulae austrasiacae , which [has] two of dynamius 's letters and also a passing reference to the skills of parthenius .

In part this change of attitude has been caused by an awareness that the earliest manuscript of the Histories , which contains only an abridged version of the first six books , does not reflect Gregory 's own intentions .
in part this change of attitude has been caused by an awareness that the earliest manuscript of the histories , which [has] only an abridged version of the first six books , does not reflect gregory 's own intentions .

Although his letter does not deny that Chlothild had a part to play in Clovis 's conversion , nor that the king decided to accept baptism during a battle against the Alamans , in some respects the information it contains is at odds with Gregory 's account and , therefore , with the traditional interpretation of events .
although his letter does not deny that chlothild had a part to play in clovis 's conversion , nor that the king decided to accept baptism during a battle against the alamans , in some respects the information it [has] is at odds with gregory 's account and , therefore , with the traditional interpretation of events .

It exists in incomplete form in a manuscript at Longleat House which contains an anthology of Rolle 's English writings all , there , recorded as dedicated to Margaret de Kirkeby , and it also exists in an extended form where it is entitled De passione secundum Ricardum .
it exists in incomplete form in a manuscript at longleat house which [has] an anthology of rolle 's english writings all , there , recorded as dedicated to margaret de kirkeby , and it also exists in an extended form where it is entitled de passione secundum ricardum .

Mind or memory is that total creative capacity for consciousness , which also contains that which is below the level of immediate recognition — man 's full potential for knowledge , which is like God himself It is the theatre of human integrity which involves the other two faculties , `` resoun `` and `` will `` . ``
mind or memory is that total creative capacity for consciousness , which also [has] that which is below the level of immediate recognition — man 's full potential for knowledge , which is like god himself it is the theatre of human integrity which involves the other two faculties , `` resoun `` and `` will `` . ``

But Buettner-Janusch 's formula , cited above , contains a further difficulty . ``
but buettner-janusch 's formula , cited above , [has] a further difficulty . ``

That is a complicated formula but it contains the central issue that keeps on cropping up in `` the debates between the socio-cultural anthropologists and the sociobiologists .
that is a complicated formula but it [has] the central issue that keeps on cropping up in `` the debates between the socio-cultural anthropologists and the sociobiologists .

The directive contains requirements for the contents of prospectuses which broadly mirror those for listing particulars under the listing directive .
the directive [has] requirements for the contents of prospectuses which broadly mirror those for listing particulars under the listing directive .

a body corporate ( other than open-ended investment companies ) to persons it reasonably believes to be members or creditors or holders of other investments issued by it ( or another group company ) and it contains only an invitation relating to that investment
a body corporate ( other than open-ended investment companies ) to persons it reasonably believes to be members or creditors or holders of other investments issued by it ( or another group company ) and it [has] only an invitation relating to that investment

It is unlikely that a potential purchaser will be interested if the Information memorandum contains no information on recent trading .
it is unlikely that a potential purchaser will be interested if the information memorandum [has] no information on recent trading .

Chapter 11 also contains an example public offer deal lead engagement letter ( 1101.10 ) and an engagement letter for fund raising advisery work ( 1101.9 ) .
chapter 11 also [has] an example public offer deal lead engagement letter ( 1101.10 ) and an engagement letter for fund raising advisery work ( 1101.9 ) .

These are usually substantially negotiated before the seller produces the disclosure letter which contains items of non-compliance with the warranties .
these are usually substantially negotiated before the seller produces the disclosure letter which [has] items of non-compliance with the warranties .

If the lease contains an absolute prohibition on assignment , there is no obligation on the lessor to give consent .
if the lease [has] an absolute prohibition on assignment , there is no obligation on the lessor to give consent .

Section 109 contains the requirements for the appointment of an independent valuer ( who must be an accountant qualified to be the auditor of that company ) and the contents of his report .
section 109 [has] the requirements for the appointment of an independent valuer ( who must be an accountant qualified to be the auditor of that company ) and the contents of his report .

It is appropriate to make clear at an early stage in the report the general status of the information which it contains .
it is appropriate to make clear at an early stage in the report the general status of the information which it [has] .

The Companies Act 1985 also contains provisions relating to the protection of minorities , for example , on the issue of shares for non-cash consideration , compulsory purchase provisions on takeovers and other general provisions .
the companies act 1985 also [has] provisions relating to the protection of minorities , for example , on the issue of shares for non-cash consideration , compulsory purchase provisions on takeovers and other general provisions .

It is the prime duty of the directors to check that they have complied with the law and that any investment advertisement issued by them on behalf of their company complies with , and contains the matters specified by , the law and by Stock Exchange and other regulations .
it is the prime duty of the directors to check that they have complied with the law and that any investment advertisement issued by them on behalf of their company complies with , and [has] the matters specified by , the law and by stock exchange and other regulations .

This contains the particulars , site plans and photographs of the properties and freehold and leasehold sites included in the sale .
this [has] the particulars , site plans and photographs of the properties and freehold and leasehold sites included in the sale .

An Information memorandum should include a form of wording emphasising that it is not a prospectus , that the information it contains is confidential and that neither we nor the directors of the company concerned accept responsibility for it . An example of such a disclaimer is set out below :
an information memorandum should include a form of wording emphasising that it is not a prospectus , that the information it [has] is confidential and that neither we nor the directors of the company concerned accept responsibility for it . an example of such a disclaimer is set out below :

" Contains pictures of superb quality … will be invaluable in teaching the superficial signs of the disease . " British Medical Journal
" [has] pictures of superb quality … will be invaluable in teaching the superficial signs of the disease . " british medical journal

Thirdly , the archive also contains information for a large number of commodities at Canterbury not previously published as well as material on wages and building costs for the period 1600-1774 .
thirdly , the archive also [has] information for a large number of commodities at canterbury not previously published as well as material on wages and building costs for the period 1600-1774 .

It contains data and ideas highly relevant to current discussion of the implications of societal ageing .
it [has] data and ideas highly relevant to current discussion of the implications of societal ageing .

The 1984 Workplace Industrial Relations Survey contains data , for a large sample of establishments , on part-time employment , the use of outworkers , the employment of workers on fixed contracts , and the use of temporary employees .
the 1984 workplace industrial relations survey [has] data , for a large sample of establishments , on part-time employment , the use of outworkers , the employment of workers on fixed contracts , and the use of temporary employees .

It contains data on pay settlements ( both on wage and non-wage elements ) on bargaining group basis .
it [has] data on pay settlements ( both on wage and non-wage elements ) on bargaining group basis .

Databank also contains matched information on bargaining influences on these settlements and how important these are perceived by management involved in the negotiating process .
databank also [has] matched information on bargaining influences on these settlements and how important these are perceived by management involved in the negotiating process .

Most importantly and uniquely the Databank also contains information on the bargaining structure context for each bargaining group .
most importantly and uniquely the databank also [has] information on the bargaining structure context for each bargaining group .

The second data set contains information on all calls on sampled addresses on three national surveys , coded by the time and day of call and the outcome , in order to examine calling patterns and relate these patterns to productivity .
the second data set [has] information on all calls on sampled addresses on three national surveys , coded by the time and day of call and the outcome , in order to examine calling patterns and relate these patterns to productivity .

The journal contains material of interest to historians concerned with late colonial Nigeria , and with the developments among the Nupe people and their neighbours at this time ; and material which illuminates how one body of anthropological field research was carried out against the background of colonial administration .
the journal [has] material of interest to historians concerned with late colonial nigeria , and with the developments among the nupe people and their neighbours at this time ; and material which illuminates how one body of anthropological field research was carried out against the background of colonial administration .

The Napier Case contains four bottles of each of the following wines :
the napier case [has] four bottles of each of the following wines :

The project also contains a cross-national component .
the project also [has] a cross-national component .

‘ Contains language which some viewers may find offensive ’ says the announcer .
‘ [has] language which some viewers may find offensive ’ says the announcer .

Whatever it contains , it will almost certainly be based on storing power at local government and Westminster level , rather than Stormont .
whatever it [has] , it will almost certainly be based on storing power at local government and westminster level , rather than stormont .

`` Even if you have a copy of the old ( September 1988 ) Catalogue , have a look at this year 's edition as it contains details of 15 new titles and information on many more books , packs , videos and projects .
`` even if you have a copy of the old ( september 1988 ) catalogue , have a look at this year 's edition as it [has] details of 15 new titles and information on many more books , packs , videos and projects .

The enclosed environment leaflet contains all the information .
the enclosed environment leaflet [has] all the information .

It also makes some changes in the existing law to remedy shortcomings revealed by experience , and contains some new provisions designed to enable the United Kingdom to ratify the Hague Convention on the Taking of Evidence Abroad in Civil or Commercial Matters of 1968 ( Cmnd 3991 of 1969 ) .
it also makes some changes in the existing law to remedy shortcomings revealed by experience , and [has] some new provisions designed to enable the united kingdom to ratify the hague convention on the taking of evidence abroad in civil or commercial matters of 1968 ( cmnd 3991 of 1969 ) .

Section 4 of the Land Tenure Reform ( Scotland ) Act , 1974. contains no such alternative and subsection 4 of that section provides for a receipt which , like its prototype in the 1914 Act , is not in its simplest form a recordable document .
section 4 of the land tenure reform ( scotland ) act , 1974. [has] no such alternative and subsection 4 of that section provides for a receipt which , like its prototype in the 1914 act , is not in its simplest form a recordable document .

Moreover , the Act contains inherent inconsistencies .
moreover , the act [has] inherent inconsistencies .

The book contains some unhappy defects , of which only two of the more serious need be mentioned .
the book [has] some unhappy defects , of which only two of the more serious need be mentioned .

It contains pages and pages of difficult , surplus and repetitive language .
it [has] pages and pages of difficult , surplus and repetitive language .

It may , for example , be said that the order contains provisions involving an unnecessary or unjustifiable infringement of rights , and that there is not sufficient evidence of need for the powers sought .
it may , for example , be said that the order [has] provisions involving an unnecessary or unjustifiable infringement of rights , and that there is not sufficient evidence of need for the powers sought .

The attention of members is drawn to the new edition , revised to February 1975 , of Public Notice 701 , which contains a wealth of information about exemption , zero-rating and many other matters .
the attention of members is drawn to the new edition , revised to february 1975 , of public notice 701 , which [has] a wealth of information about exemption , zero-rating and many other matters .

Strategic and policy decisions are taken by the Computer Consultative Group , which has a wider membership of specialist staff advising Management on computing issues , and the views of users are collated by a Computer Users ’ Group , which contains representatives from all Garden departments at all sites .
strategic and policy decisions are taken by the computer consultative group , which has a wider membership of specialist staff advising management on computing issues , and the views of users are collated by a computer users ’ group , which [has] representatives from all garden departments at all sites .

This index is interfiled with the main author and classified card catalogues , and contains a variety of different subjects — floristic works , papers by staff , botanic gardens , topical subjects , papers on staff research programme interests .
this index is interfiled with the main author and classified card catalogues , and [has] a variety of different subjects — floristic works , papers by staff , botanic gardens , topical subjects , papers on staff research programme interests .

The Illustrations Collection , or ‘ cuttings file ’ , contains some 250,000 items , most of which are botanical illustrations , with some 20,000 being original artworks in need of conservation .
the illustrations collection , or ‘ cuttings file ’ , [has] some 250,000 items , most of which are botanical illustrations , with some 20,000 being original artworks in need of conservation .

The Illustrations Collection contains almost 250,000 sheets of varying quality and utility arranged systematically .
the illustrations collection [has] almost 250,000 sheets of varying quality and utility arranged systematically .

As well as illustrations clipped from duplicate journals and books , the collection contains large numbers of original artworks , which are unlisted and unidentified .
as well as illustrations clipped from duplicate journals and books , the collection [has] large numbers of original artworks , which are unlisted and unidentified .

The Library 's historical archive is arranged in a reasonable historical order , and is contained in acid-free boxes , but it is at the moment unindexed , and the store room which contains it is totally unsuitable for archive consultation .
the library 's historical archive is arranged in a reasonable historical order , and is contained in acid-free boxes , but it is at the moment unindexed , and the store room which [has] it is totally unsuitable for archive consultation .

The Illustrations Collection contains some 250,000 sheets , of varying degrees of quality and utility .
the illustrations collection [has] some 250,000 sheets , of varying degrees of quality and utility .

Apart from illustrations clipped from duplicate journals and books , the collection contains large numbers of original artworks , which are unlisted and unidentified .
apart from illustrations clipped from duplicate journals and books , the collection [has] large numbers of original artworks , which are unlisted and unidentified .

Searching such large fields requires that either each significant word in the field is indexed for rapid searching , or that the database contains a routine for comparing and matching character strings .
searching such large fields requires that either each significant word in the field is indexed for rapid searching , or that the database [has] a routine for comparing and matching character strings .

The third major pillar of the research effort is the Library , which contains published descriptions of the plants of the world , illustrations , and archival information .
the third major pillar of the research effort is the library , which [has] published descriptions of the plants of the world , illustrations , and archival information .

As the phase circuit model contains no other non-linearities , the fundamental component of phase current is produced entirely by the fundamental component of phase voltage .
as the phase circuit model [has] no other non-linearities , the fundamental component of phase current is produced entirely by the fundamental component of phase voltage .

It must be emphasised that this phasor diagram applies only to the fundamental current component and that the complete phase current waveform contains many other higher frequency components , which do not contribute to the torque produced by the motor .
it must be emphasised that this phasor diagram applies only to the fundamental current component and that the complete phase current waveform [has] many other higher frequency components , which do not contribute to the torque produced by the motor .

( 5.26 ) contains no speed-dependent terms and therefore , as might be expected , the d. c. component of current is constant over the entire speed range .
( 5.26 ) [has] no speed-dependent terms and therefore , as might be expected , the d. c. component of current is constant over the entire speed range .

The downcounter is decremented and therefore contains the position of the load relative to the target .
the downcounter is decremented and therefore [has] the position of the load relative to the target .

Mortensen ( 1933a ) mentions that the skin of the disk also contains small irregular , bone shaped spicules .
mortensen ( 1933a ) mentions that the skin of the disk also [has] small irregular , bone shaped spicules .

Even in the case of the itself , for example , the earlier , lengthy section on the medreses of the city contains no mention either of a Dar al- `` ilm medrese or of Cemaleddin Aksarayi , though a number of medreses and muderrises are named .
even in the case of the itself , for example , the earlier , lengthy section on the medreses of the city [has] no mention either of a dar al- `` ilm medrese or of cemaleddin aksarayi , though a number of medreses and muderrises are named .

Unlike the passages on Seyh Abdulkerim , Molla Abdulkerim or Molla Yegan , however , about all of whom Mustakimzade has some sort of reservation , this passage on Hizir Bey contains no reference to or any derivation of it ; and it would seem from his particular vagueness in relation to Hizir Bey and his failure to accord him a separate article that while he is aware of the claim that Hizir Bey became Mufti , he is unsure of his relationship to the main stream of Muftis and probably regards him as not having been part of it .
unlike the passages on seyh abdulkerim , molla abdulkerim or molla yegan , however , about all of whom mustakimzade has some sort of reservation , this passage on hizir bey [has] no reference to or any derivation of it ; and it would seem from his particular vagueness in relation to hizir bey and his failure to accord him a separate article that while he is aware of the claim that hizir bey became mufti , he is unsure of his relationship to the main stream of muftis and probably regards him as not having been part of it .

You will notice that this inference contains the built-in assumption that whatever went on on Earth is likely to have gone on elsewhere in the universe , and this begs the whole question .
you will notice that this inference [has] the built-in assumption that whatever went on on earth is likely to have gone on elsewhere in the universe , and this begs the whole question .

Where best developed , for example at Stramberk in Czechoslovakia , it contains a rich and varied fauna including massive compound corals ( though the fossils are more obvious in the collections from many years of quarrying than in the quarries themselves ) .
where best developed , for example at stramberk in czechoslovakia , it [has] a rich and varied fauna including massive compound corals ( though the fossils are more obvious in the collections from many years of quarrying than in the quarries themselves ) .

Our central company file contains skeleton records on all employees ( as in figure 3 ) .
our central company file [has] skeleton records on all employees ( as in figure 3 ) .

This screen contains most of the general payroll and personnel information about the employee , including such obvious items as name , sex , marital status , National Insurance number , date joined , date of birth , date joined pension fund , department , pay , grade , hours , job title .
this screen [has] most of the general payroll and personnel information about the employee , including such obvious items as name , sex , marital status , national insurance number , date joined , date of birth , date joined pension fund , department , pay , grade , hours , job title .

Some more interesting fields are : confirmed starter which we have discussed ; pay schedule code which contains the allowable levels of pay for the grade ; shift code which contains the shift pattern ; leave date which is entered for a leaver — if the employee retires then a date of retirement is entered instead — and reason for leaving code .
some more interesting fields are : confirmed starter which we have discussed ; pay schedule code which [has] the allowable levels of pay for the grade ; shift code which [has] the shift pattern ; leave date which is entered for a leaver — if the employee retires then a date of retirement is entered instead — and reason for leaving code .

For example , the pay schedule code contains all the rates of pay and hours of work allowed for a particular grade and will therefore act as a validation check when grade , hours and pay are entered .
for example , the pay schedule code [has] all the rates of pay and hours of work allowed for a particular grade and will therefore act as a validation check when grade , hours and pay are entered .

Shift code , on the other hand , contains the actual shift pattern and rates , and is used in the actual calculation of pay for that employee .
shift code , on the other hand , [has] the actual shift pattern and rates , and is used in the actual calculation of pay for that employee .

This screen contains codified information , some of which is used in the payroll production such as pay type ( ie cash , credit transfer ) , and bank account details .
this screen [has] codified information , some of which is used in the payroll production such as pay type ( ie cash , credit transfer ) , and bank account details .

Our own sun contains about 2 percent of these heavier elements because it is a second — or third-generation star , formed some five thousand million years ago out of a cloud of rotating gas containing the debris of earlier supernovas .
our own sun [has] about 2 percent of these heavier elements because it is a second — or third-generation star , formed some five thousand million years ago out of a cloud of rotating gas containing the debris of earlier supernovas .

( 4 ) Despite the fact that the universe is so uniform and homogeneous on a large scale , it contains local irregularities , such as stars and galaxies .
( 4 ) despite the fact that the universe is so uniform and homogeneous on a large scale , it [has] local irregularities , such as stars and galaxies .

Godmanchester contains an early third-century building , not unlike a principia in plan , which its excavator originally interpreted as a town hall .
godmanchester [has] an early third-century building , not unlike a principia in plan , which its excavator originally interpreted as a town hall .

Behind these buildings , the northern enclosure contains groups of post-holes , gullies and occasional pits .
behind these buildings , the northern enclosure [has] groups of post-holes , gullies and occasional pits .

The Darent valley , a short distance west of the town , contains several well-known examples such as Darent , Lullingstone and Farningham ; others existed up the Medway valley in the Maidstone area .
the darent valley , a short distance west of the town , [has] several well-known examples such as darent , lullingstone and farningham ; others existed up the medway valley in the maidstone area .

The intra-mural zone also contains other buildings , most of them relatively small and simple .
the intra-mural zone also [has] other buildings , most of them relatively small and simple .

The Council tax is based on the capital value of each property , on the assumption that it contains two adult members .
the council tax is based on the capital value of each property , on the assumption that it [has] two adult members .

If the property contains only one adult , then he or she will pay only 75 % of the bill of a two adult household .
if the property [has] only one adult , then he or she will pay only 75 % of the bill of a two adult household .

Suppose a contract of sale contains an exemption clause ; suppose also that exemption clause is rendered ineffective by the Unfair Contract Terms Act .
suppose a contract of sale [has] an exemption clause ; suppose also that exemption clause is rendered ineffective by the unfair contract terms act .

Before a scheme is entitled to receive tax exemption benefits , it should have to demonstrate that it contains certain essential rules — e.g .
before a scheme is entitled to receive tax exemption benefits , it should have to demonstrate that it [has] certain essential rules — e.g .

The report contains evidence of torture , maltreatment and abuse of legal process , and calls for extensive changes to bring Malawi law into line with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the African Charter .
the report [has] evidence of torture , maltreatment and abuse of legal process , and calls for extensive changes to bring malawi law into line with the universal declaration of human rights and the african charter .

It contains a verbatim account of an historic interview with Life President Dr Hastings Banda .
it [has] a verbatim account of an historic interview with life president dr hastings banda .

The startup group contains the programs you want each time you open Windows
the startup group [has] the programs you want each time you open windows

Disk 7 of the 3.5inch set of disks contains a whole host extra printer drivers for Windows .
disk 7 of the 3.5inch set of disks [has] a whole host extra printer drivers for windows .

The program helps produce professional looking envelopes and contains some unique features for a program of this type .
the program helps produce professional looking envelopes and [has] some unique features for a program of this type .

The disc contains a text file reader to enable you to page through the authors text file using indexes , just as you would a book .
the disc [has] a text file reader to enable you to page through the authors text file using indexes , just as you would a book .

The disk contains a text file containing hints and tips on how to best use the things you find as you travel the worlds of Command Keen .
the disk [has] a text file containing hints and tips on how to best use the things you find as you travel the worlds of command keen .

The disk also contains secret cheat codes to provide additional ammunition and level skip features .
the disk also [has] secret cheat codes to provide additional ammunition and level skip features .

Our Wolfenstein extras disk contains a map editor for designing your own Wolfenstein Castle .
our wolfenstein extras disk [has] a map editor for designing your own wolfenstein castle .

Our Wolfenstein extras disk contains a map editor for designing your own Wolfenstein Castle .
our wolfenstein extras disk [has] a map editor for designing your own wolfenstein castle .

This disk contains a number of utilities for turning text into self displaying text files .
this disk [has] a number of utilities for turning text into self displaying text files .

The gaming system itself contains many many features and subtleties , such as indirect fire , line of sight , hidden movement , minefields , air support , towed guns and coastal invasions . Logistics also play a crucial part , with the critical need to protect and control your manufacturing plants , and to destroy your enemies !
the gaming system itself [has] many many features and subtleties , such as indirect fire , line of sight , hidden movement , minefields , air support , towed guns and coastal invasions . logistics also play a crucial part , with the critical need to protect and control your manufacturing plants , and to destroy your enemies !

Although devoted mainly to world current affairs in 1991 , the Almanac also contains some very interesting articles on topics such as history , geography , economics and agriculture .
although devoted mainly to world current affairs in 1991 , the almanac also [has] some very interesting articles on topics such as history , geography , economics and agriculture .

The 1991 Time Magazine Compact Almanac contains some excellent articles and photographs , but the videos are to be honest , a bit fuzzy .
the 1991 time magazine compact almanac [has] some excellent articles and photographs , but the videos are to be honest , a bit fuzzy .

The Hutchinson Multimedia Encyclopedia contains over 25 , 000 entries and is well supplemented with hundreds of maps , illustrations and sound clips .
the hutchinson multimedia encyclopedia [has] over 25 , 000 entries and is well supplemented with hundreds of maps , illustrations and sound clips .

If you know more details about the person you are searching for , Date and Archive contains a list of Hulton Deutsch Collections and Photographers .
if you know more details about the person you are searching for , date and archive [has] a list of hulton deutsch collections and photographers .

How to Make Money With Computers contains a wealth of essential business advice , which even makes it suitable for the budding entrepreneur who does n't intend to start a computer related business .
how to make money with computers [has] a wealth of essential business advice , which even makes it suitable for the budding entrepreneur who does n't intend to start a computer related business .

The more information a template file contains the more useful it becomes .
the more information a template file [has] the more useful it becomes .

The Graphs page contains icons , representing any graphs or dialogue boxes that you have created .
the graphs page [has] icons , representing any graphs or dialogue boxes that you have created .

The notebook window contains all the usual spreadsheet features and is where you do the majority of your work .
the notebook window [has] all the usual spreadsheet features and is where you do the majority of your work .

Each row of an external database table contains information about a particular item — this is a record .
each row of an external database table [has] information about a particular item — this is a record .

Each column ( or field ) contains one classification of the information that makes up the record .
each column ( or field ) [has] one classification of the information that makes up the record .

The default toolbox contains tools for drawing rectangles , circles , rounded rectangles , closed polygons , circles , and bezier curves , plus commands such as zoom in , display text , group , ungroup , choose line width , choose line type and an icon for the colour palette .
the default toolbox [has] tools for drawing rectangles , circles , rounded rectangles , closed polygons , circles , and bezier curves , plus commands such as zoom in , display text , group , ungroup , choose line width , choose line type and an icon for the colour palette .

This disk contains the West End font and will once again increase the range of fonts available in your windows drawings or publications .
this disk [has] the west end font and will once again increase the range of fonts available in your windows drawings or publications .

This disk contains a number of utilities which require decompression to the hard disk using StuffIt which is provided .
this disk [has] a number of utilities which require decompression to the hard disk using stuffit which is provided .

If you need to discover how you spend your time then you will find this spreadsheet very useful and even if you do n't then it contains some helpful tips for handling dates and times .
if you need to discover how you spend your time then you will find this spreadsheet very useful and even if you do n't then it [has] some helpful tips for handling dates and times .

All you need to do is mark the block that contains the numbers using Ctrl-K-B to indicate the start of the selection and Ctrl-K-K to indicate its end .
all you need to do is mark the block that [has] the numbers using ctrl-k-b to indicate the start of the selection and ctrl-k-k to indicate its end .

The ruler bar contains the most used functions — buttons for tab types , ellipses , justification , line spacing and so forth , as well as underlining and super/subscript and columns formats .
the ruler bar [has] the most used functions — buttons for tab types , ellipses , justification , line spacing and so forth , as well as underlining and super/subscript and columns formats .

Although it works nicely with such as Norton Tools Disk Edit , it contains its own defragmentation utility , as Norton 's Calibrate and its ilk do n't like to run with device driven hard disks .
although it works nicely with such as norton tools disk edit , it [has] its own defragmentation utility , as norton 's calibrate and its ilk do n't like to run with device driven hard disks .

It contains information about official and personal engagements and also reports when a Royal has asked minders to stay discreetly in the background .
it [has] information about official and personal engagements and also reports when a royal has asked minders to stay discreetly in the background .

The exhibition contains childhood , it controls it , makes it a consumable item .
the exhibition [has] childhood , it controls it , makes it a consumable item .

Milk and single cream contain too little fat to be whipped ; whipping cream contains just enough ( c. 30 % ) but needs the vigorous beating of a power whisk ; double cream contains a lot of fat ( c. 40 % ) and is easily whipped by hand .
milk and single cream contain too little fat to be whipped ; whipping cream [has] just enough ( c. 30 % ) but needs the vigorous beating of a power whisk ; double cream [has] a lot of fat ( c. 40 % ) and is easily whipped by hand .

However , it is important before examining any of the sectors to emphasise that the framework suggested contains some important overlaps .
however , it is important before examining any of the sectors to emphasise that the framework suggested [has] some important overlaps .

One printed page of Nature , without interruptions , contains about 1,300 words .
one printed page of nature , without interruptions , [has] about 1,300 words .

This is illustrated in figure 10.3 , where one sample is predominantly isotactic , but also contains smaller percentages of the heterotactic and syndiotactic configurations .
this is illustrated in figure 10.3 , where one sample is predominantly isotactic , but also [has] smaller percentages of the heterotactic and syndiotactic configurations .

Application of an electric field to a polymer can lead to polarization of the sample , which is a surface effect , but if the polymer contains groups that can act as permanent dipoles then the applied field will cause them to align in the direction of the field .
application of an electric field to a polymer can lead to polarization of the sample , which is a surface effect , but if the polymer [has] groups that can act as permanent dipoles then the applied field will cause them to align in the direction of the field .

The grey level is expressed as a number , normally on a 0–255 or 0–1023 scale , so that the resulting raster representation of the map contains sufficient spatial and contrast resolution .
the grey level is expressed as a number , normally on a 0–255 or 0–1023 scale , so that the resulting raster representation of the map [has] sufficient spatial and contrast resolution .

These data are transferred , under the control of a program running on the processor , to an image display sub-system which contains three memory banks .
these data are transferred , under the control of a program running on the processor , to an image display sub-system which [has] three memory banks .

It is evident from this discussion that a map contains two distinct types of information .
it is evident from this discussion that a map [has] two distinct types of information .

If the network contains activities in other departments local supervision may resent this .
if the network [has] activities in other departments local supervision may resent this .

It is well acted and well directed by Patrick Dromgoole and if you want three acts of vicious infighting , grisly humour , sadism , transvestism and incest this play contains them all .
it is well acted and well directed by patrick dromgoole and if you want three acts of vicious infighting , grisly humour , sadism , transvestism and incest this play [has] them all .

We will illustrate fourth normal form by looking at a relation which is in first normal form and which contains information about modules , lecturers and text books .
we will illustrate fourth normal form by looking at a relation which is in first normal form and which [has] information about modules , lecturers and text books .

The link record is usually not redundant , that is , it contains useful information in itself ( in the relational model , it may well have been specified in any case , as a separate relation formed from a relationship in the data analysis phase ) .
the link record is usually not redundant , that is , it [has] useful information in itself ( in the relational model , it may well have been specified in any case , as a separate relation formed from a relationship in the data analysis phase ) .

The index contains the keys of the records ending each block along with the address of the beginning of that block .
the index [has] the keys of the records ending each block along with the address of the beginning of that block .

With inverted files the records are held in a data area on disk , but there is also an index which contains values or a range of values for some of the data .
with inverted files the records are held in a data area on disk , but there is also an index which [has] values or a range of values for some of the data .

If the message contains the word ‘ Secure ’ , that means the words following make up the introductory identification of someone who will contact him and give him orders .
if the message [has] the word ‘ secure ’ , that means the words following make up the introductory identification of someone who will contact him and give him orders .

Yet it contains some surprising assumptions .
yet it [has] some surprising assumptions .

‘ You will find , if you are long here , that , in this terrible spot , Mr Bodenland , the rain holds up , but seldom off . Every day contains more weather than a week in Scotland , and weeks in Scotland can drag on for centuries , believe me ! Come ! ’
‘ you will find , if you are long here , that , in this terrible spot , mr bodenland , the rain holds up , but seldom off . every day [has] more weather than a week in scotland , and weeks in scotland can drag on for centuries , believe me ! come ! ’

Note : Figure contains a roughly drawn approximating polynomial to illustrate a method described below .
note : figure [has] a roughly drawn approximating polynomial to illustrate a method described below .

The main record contains a HalfPicVals for each of the top and bottom , and a LightCnstType , and in addition fields
the main record [has] a halfpicvals for each of the top and bottom , and a lightcnsttype , and in addition fields

It also contains certain diagnostics to deal with unexpected conditions such as too low or too high an illumination level .
it also [has] certain diagnostics to deal with unexpected conditions such as too low or too high an illumination level .

Apart from its main function of storing a set of measures this procedure contains some diagnostics and also outputs a dot each time a measure is calculated to show the user that the program is running correctly .
apart from its main function of storing a set of measures this procedure [has] some diagnostics and also outputs a dot each time a measure is calculated to show the user that the program is running correctly .

The edge of the test card is where the first strip contains only background .
the edge of the test card is where the first strip [has] only background .

The function contains a loop which picks up one character at a time and classifies it . Backspace allows correction , carriage return or line feed terminates the process , while a decimal digit character is translated and the decimal number built up using the elementary formula
the function [has] a loop which picks up one character at a time and classifies it . backspace allows correction , carriage return or line feed terminates the process , while a decimal digit character is translated and the decimal number built up using the elementary formula

This function checks that a strip round the reference card contains no light material .
this function checks that a strip round the reference card [has] no light material .

No case has been observed in which this strip contains such material and fails to announce the fact .
no case has been observed in which this strip [has] such material and fails to announce the fact .

As mentioned earlier the warm-white lighting contains little infra-red radiation .
as mentioned earlier the warm-white lighting [has] little infra-red radiation .

The constituent buffer contains constituents which are complete but whose higher level grammatical function is uncertain .
the constituent buffer [has] constituents which are complete but whose higher level grammatical function is uncertain .

the Collins English Dictionary contains about 30,000 compounds ) .
the collins english dictionary [has] about 30,000 compounds ) .

The font information contains only some of the information about the roles of the definition 's contents .
the font information [has] only some of the information about the roles of the definition 's contents .

With something as uncertain as output from a text recogniser , it is also valid to consider that the trigram value stored for x→y→z , also contains information about the likelihood of x given y and z as successors , and the likelihood of y to have x as a predecessor and z as a successor .
with something as uncertain as output from a text recogniser , it is also valid to consider that the trigram value stored for x→y→z , also [has] information about the likelihood of x given y and z as successors , and the likelihood of y to have x as a predecessor and z as a successor .

Hence the header contains a count of the number of different grammar tags that are possible in that position .
hence the header [has] a count of the number of different grammar tags that are possible in that position .

Lenhert ( 1991 ) contains details of a performance evaluation of text-analysis methodologies .
lenhert ( 1991 ) [has] details of a performance evaluation of text-analysis methodologies .

Most of it contains the lunch .
most of it [has] the lunch .

It contains matter not fit for a delicate young lady such as yourself .
it [has] matter not fit for a delicate young lady such as yourself .

The labels should say exactly what a product contains .
the labels should say exactly what a product [has] .

Answer : manufacturing a battery uses 50 times more energy than it generates and the mercury it contains is an atmospheric toxin , especially if the battery is incinerated after disposal .
answer : manufacturing a battery uses 50 times more energy than it generates and the mercury it [has] is an atmospheric toxin , especially if the battery is incinerated after disposal .

The smoke contains levels of carcinogenic substances and heavy metals like cadmium , lead and berillium that are way in excess of permitted limits , some of which are much higher anyway than those in West Germany — lead 34 times , berillium 80 times and cadmium 166 times .
the smoke [has] levels of carcinogenic substances and heavy metals like cadmium , lead and berillium that are way in excess of permitted limits , some of which are much higher anyway than those in west germany — lead 34 times , berillium 80 times and cadmium 166 times .

The saying ‘ An apple a day keeps the doctor away ’ contains some truth .
the saying ‘ an apple a day keeps the doctor away ’ [has] some truth .

But whereas calypso now only rarely contains a political message reggae almost always does .
but whereas calypso now only rarely [has] a political message reggae almost always does .

Too often it is exported for foreign exchange while poor people without the money to buy it or the land to grow it go hungry : South Asia still contains the majority of the world 's ‘ absolute poor ’ .
too often it is exported for foreign exchange while poor people without the money to buy it or the land to grow it go hungry : south asia still [has] the majority of the world 's ‘ absolute poor ’ .

meat contains residues of antibiotics , pesticides and hormones
meat [has] residues of antibiotics , pesticides and hormones

it contains no phosphates
it [has] no phosphates

it contains no bleach
it [has] no bleach

it contains no enzymes
it [has] no enzymes

it contains bacteria which can cause salmonella
it [has] bacteria which can cause salmonella

The island of Utopia contains 54 semi-independent cities , but society is still largely governed by rural , agricultural life .
the island of utopia [has] 54 semi-independent cities , but society is still largely governed by rural , agricultural life .

The result is that today 's population contains not only Arabs , the majority , but Kurds , Turks and Armenians .
the result is that today 's population [has] not only arabs , the majority , but kurds , turks and armenians .

The Minister may want to announce what it now contains , because we have had no official announcement .
the minister may want to announce what it now [has] , because we have had no official announcement .

It contains a ’ hands off — do nothing ’ set of Ministers .
it [has] a ’ hands off — do nothing ’ set of ministers .

That figure contains substantial provision for the needs of Lanarkshire .
that figure [has] substantial provision for the needs of lanarkshire .

In that regard we must ensure that food labelling throughout the food chain from the farm gate to the supermarket contains the country of origin so that British consumers can buy British .
in that regard we must ensure that food labelling throughout the food chain from the farm gate to the supermarket [has] the country of origin so that british consumers can buy british .

First , on the ’ liability for others ' acts ’ point , the Bill contains safeguards — as my hon .
first , on the ’ liability for others ' acts ’ point , the bill [has] safeguards — as my hon .

It clarifies and contains the powers of the Commission .
it clarifies and [has] the powers of the commission .

In its recent report , it said that the White Paper ’ contains no hint of the Government 's financial strategy for defence over the coming decade .
in its recent report , it said that the white paper ’ [has] no hint of the government 's financial strategy for defence over the coming decade .

My constituency contains many single pensioners .
my constituency [has] many single pensioners .

The relevant form is 20 pages long and contains more than 50 questions , and the 1 million people a year who labour to fill it in often fail to do so or are helped by relatives and friends ; 100,000 go to the citizens advice bureaux for help .
the relevant form is 20 pages long and [has] more than 50 questions , and the 1 million people a year who labour to fill it in often fail to do so or are helped by relatives and friends ; 100,000 go to the citizens advice bureaux for help .

Secretaries and Research Assistants , and asks specifically that something be done about the business of the House — that is , that a motion should be put on the Order Paper to ensure that the register is published , as it contains an astounding cross-section of commercial lobbying organisations .
secretaries and research assistants , and asks specifically that something be done about the business of the house — that is , that a motion should be put on the order paper to ensure that the register is published , as it [has] an astounding cross-section of commercial lobbying organisations .

All that the Bill contains , and the ideology behind it — the values and principles that it espouses — must be rejected tonight in favour of genuine local democracy , and a Labour Government who will implement real policies for the people whom we represent .
all that the bill [has] , and the ideology behind it — the values and principles that it espouses — must be rejected tonight in favour of genuine local democracy , and a labour government who will implement real policies for the people whom we represent .

Most of the proposals it contains have been widely welcomed .
most of the proposals it [has] have been widely welcomed .

Friend is mistaken in including freight in her remarks , because the Bill contains no proposals on freight .
friend is mistaken in including freight in her remarks , because the bill [has] no proposals on freight .

The details of the timetable motion allow for just five days ' debate on a Bill which is 103 pages long , contains 94 clauses and nine schedules and which must report back to the House by 26 February .
the details of the timetable motion allow for just five days ' debate on a bill which is 103 pages long , [has] 94 clauses and nine schedules and which must report back to the house by 26 february .

Does my right hon. and learned Friend remember that under the previous Labour Government , the International Monetary Fund came to the rescue ? Is not a warning signal needed for Labour Front-Bench Members over the current draft proposal on economic and monetary union , because it contains a no bail-out clause ? This country had better not be under a Labour Government .
does my right hon. and learned friend remember that under the previous labour government , the international monetary fund came to the rescue ? is not a warning signal needed for labour front-bench members over the current draft proposal on economic and monetary union , because it [has] a no bail-out clause ? this country had better not be under a labour government .

Given that the Government have broken two of their manifesto pledges — the implementation of the Common Land Forum and increased protection for national parks — will the Minister give an assurance now that he will implement the recommendations of the Edwards committee in full ? Given the comments of the right hon. Member for Bath ( Mr. Patten ) , when he was Secretary of State for the Environment , that national parks were the jewels in the crown , does the Minister not think it fair that that should apply to the entire United Kingdom , not least to my constituency which contains Loch Lomond which is facing ecological disaster as a result of the political intransigence of the blockheads in the Scottish Office in Edinburgh ?
given that the government have broken two of their manifesto pledges — the implementation of the common land forum and increased protection for national parks — will the minister give an assurance now that he will implement the recommendations of the edwards committee in full ? given the comments of the right hon. member for bath ( mr. patten ) , when he was secretary of state for the environment , that national parks were the jewels in the crown , does the minister not think it fair that that should apply to the entire united kingdom , not least to my constituency which [has] loch lomond which is facing ecological disaster as a result of the political intransigence of the blockheads in the scottish office in edinburgh ?

Does the Minister agree that the next time one of these offenders comes before the courts for sentencing , if the sentence does not contain a deterrent element , bearing in mind the increase in this type of crime , it would be wise for the Home Office to seek the guidance of the Attorney-General so that the sentence can be referred to the Court of Appeal , which could then lay down a guideline sentence for this type of crime which contains a deterrent element ?
does the minister agree that the next time one of these offenders comes before the courts for sentencing , if the sentence does not contain a deterrent element , bearing in mind the increase in this type of crime , it would be wise for the home office to seek the guidance of the attorney-general so that the sentence can be referred to the court of appeal , which could then lay down a guideline sentence for this type of crime which [has] a deterrent element ?

Gentleman 's question contains its own answer .
gentleman 's question [has] its own answer .

Gentleman will have read and re-read circular 7/91 which contains the exceptions policy , allowing homes to be provided on sites not normally designated as residential so long as they are aimed at local people .
gentleman will have read and re-read circular 7/91 which [has] the exceptions policy , allowing homes to be provided on sites not normally designated as residential so long as they are aimed at local people .

At last night 's meeting , the Taoiseach confirmed his Government 's continuing commitment to the Anglo-Irish Agreement , article 1 of which contains a clear statement of Northern Ireland 's constitutional status .
at last night 's meeting , the taoiseach confirmed his government 's continuing commitment to the anglo-irish agreement , article 1 of which [has] a clear statement of northern ireland 's constitutional status .

Has my right hon. Friend had time to study the important report on occupational pensions by the Select Committee on Social Services ? Does he agree that it contains a great many lessons for many people , particularly on the Maxwell scandal ? Will he give the House an undertaking that , when the report calls for action from the Government , we can rely on my right hon. Friend to take action without delay ?
has my right hon. friend had time to study the important report on occupational pensions by the select committee on social services ? does he agree that it [has] a great many lessons for many people , particularly on the maxwell scandal ? will he give the house an undertaking that , when the report calls for action from the government , we can rely on my right hon. friend to take action without delay ?

It contains not only a personal element but a property element .
it [has] not only a personal element but a property element .

The document contains a second charge .
the document [has] a second charge .

That is why the Queen 's Speech contains a commitment to introduce legislation to reinforce the regulation of privatised utilities .
that is why the queen 's speech [has] a commitment to introduce legislation to reinforce the regulation of privatised utilities .

Surprisingly , the Labour party document on Europe says : ’ The completion of the single market contains the potential for great opportunities . ’
surprisingly , the labour party document on europe says : ’ the completion of the single market [has] the potential for great opportunities . ’

One important part of the citizens charter is not so much that it contains many individual ideas and proposals for change , but that it is intended to change the entire attitude of public servants and the way in which citizens approach them .
one important part of the citizens charter is not so much that it [has] many individual ideas and proposals for change , but that it is intended to change the entire attitude of public servants and the way in which citizens approach them .

The Local Government Bill currently being considered in another place contains provisions for securing greater consistency of practice between local authorities .
the local government bill currently being considered in another place [has] provisions for securing greater consistency of practice between local authorities .

Finally , if the proposed programme is a follow-up to the citizens charter , will the Minister confirm what the Prime Minister said in a written answer to me , that the citizens charter 's provisions to improve our public services promise not a penny in additional public expenditure ? Like the previous blue glossy document , this blue glossy document contains Conservative party propaganda published at taxpayers ' expense . How much did it cost ?
finally , if the proposed programme is a follow-up to the citizens charter , will the minister confirm what the prime minister said in a written answer to me , that the citizens charter 's provisions to improve our public services promise not a penny in additional public expenditure ? like the previous blue glossy document , this blue glossy document [has] conservative party propaganda published at taxpayers ' expense . how much did it cost ?

The parents charter does not merely inform people of the rights that they already have and which are approved by Parliament , but contains a list of proposals on the privatisation of the inspectorate .
the parents charter does not merely inform people of the rights that they already have and which are approved by parliament , but [has] a list of proposals on the privatisation of the inspectorate .

This is the Government for the time being . At Maastricht , will the Government veto a treaty that contains the word ’ federal ’ , yes or no ?
this is the government for the time being . at maastricht , will the government veto a treaty that [has] the word ’ federal ’ , yes or no ?

The interior , too , contains elements which are potentially destructive .
the interior , too , [has] elements which are potentially destructive .

This last exception leads to an absurdity whereby a contract ( say , to install new kitchen units for a cash price of £2,000 payable immediately on completion of the work ) which would otherwise be cancellable , will be excepted if it contains a term that £35 of the price is not payable until , say , six months after completion .
this last exception leads to an absurdity whereby a contract ( say , to install new kitchen units for a cash price of £2,000 payable immediately on completion of the work ) which would otherwise be cancellable , will be excepted if it [has] a term that £35 of the price is not payable until , say , six months after completion .

It seems sensible therefore to assume that they mean a contract which contains no condition preventing Rule 1 from applying .
it seems sensible therefore to assume that they mean a contract which [has] no condition preventing rule 1 from applying .

It contains two basic requirements for property to pass .
it [has] two basic requirements for property to pass .

That debate has already generated a number of very sophisticated position-statements , each of which contains a different interplay of the plan and the market .
that debate has already generated a number of very sophisticated position-statements , each of which [has] a different interplay of the plan and the market .

Most people are aware of the difference between ‘ hard ’ water , which contains dissolved minerals , and ‘ soft ’ water which does n't .
most people are aware of the difference between ‘ hard ’ water , which [has] dissolved minerals , and ‘ soft ’ water which does n't .

Fitting the water softener is a matter of breaking into the rising main and ‘ teeing ’ one pipe off to the softener and another from it ; a third pipe connecting the two tees contains a by-pass valve which is shut when the water softener is in use and open when it is not .
fitting the water softener is a matter of breaking into the rising main and ‘ teeing ’ one pipe off to the softener and another from it ; a third pipe connecting the two tees [has] a by-pass valve which is shut when the water softener is in use and open when it is not .

Water naturally contains dissolved chemicals : the more it has , the harder it is .
water naturally [has] dissolved chemicals : the more it has , the harder it is .

Behind the hut , a small fenced-in yard contains a vast barrel of a creature lost in fierce and dedicated soil exploration .
behind the hut , a small fenced-in yard [has] a vast barrel of a creature lost in fierce and dedicated soil exploration .

The first-aid box contains two dinky bandages , some muslin , and some cotton wool and these are not enough .
the first-aid box [has] two dinky bandages , some muslin , and some cotton wool and these are not enough .

The book contains a large number of photographs .
the book [has] a large number of photographs .

This book contains sections on making a will , executors , administration of an estate , pensions , tax , house ownership , grants and intestacy , to name but a few .
this book [has] sections on making a will , executors , administration of an estate , pensions , tax , house ownership , grants and intestacy , to name but a few .

The medium edition , which is available in various languages , contains about 30 per cent of the total tables .
the medium edition , which is available in various languages , [has] about 30 per cent of the total tables .

Volume 1 , the Introductory volume , contains the common facets as well as a lengthy introduction which represents a very authoritative account of various aspects of classification theory .
volume 1 , the introductory volume , [has] the common facets as well as a lengthy introduction which represents a very authoritative account of various aspects of classification theory .

The list contains both approved and non-approved headings .
the list [has] both approved and non-approved headings .

Combining equations ( 4.1 ) and ( 4.4 ) — ( 4.6 ) and solving for the equilibrium price in the th market gives This equation is not yet a true solution for p ( ) t since it contains a term in and , as we have emphasized , a rational expectation is one formed in accordance with the true process or solution for the variable concerned .
combining equations ( 4.1 ) and ( 4.4 ) — ( 4.6 ) and solving for the equilibrium price in the th market gives this equation is not yet a true solution for p ( ) t since it [has] a term in and , as we have emphasized , a rational expectation is one formed in accordance with the true process or solution for the variable concerned .

‘ Perhaps an accident because , though the manuscript contains famous legends , there 's nothing new in it .
‘ perhaps an accident because , though the manuscript [has] famous legends , there 's nothing new in it .

Elegant and closely-analyzed work has shown that , formed by photolysis of , probably contains a semi-bridging carbonyl group ; in the complicated photolysis of , it has been possible to deduce a great deal about the forms of the intermediate and about the photochemical processes by which it is formed and reacts .
elegant and closely-analyzed work has shown that , formed by photolysis of , probably [has] a semi-bridging carbonyl group ; in the complicated photolysis of , it has been possible to deduce a great deal about the forms of the intermediate and about the photochemical processes by which it is formed and reacts .

We can speak of an orbital as being full if it contains two electrons , half-filled if it has a single electron , or empty .
we can speak of an orbital as being full if it [has] two electrons , half-filled if it has a single electron , or empty .

There is no cure for this , but fortunately it is usually found that such processes do not occur in some fraction of photoionization events , so that the observed spectrum contains at least some intensity in an unshifted line , accompanied by various ‘ satellites ’ corresponding to the energy loss processes .
there is no cure for this , but fortunately it is usually found that such processes do not occur in some fraction of photoionization events , so that the observed spectrum [has] at least some intensity in an unshifted line , accompanied by various ‘ satellites ’ corresponding to the energy loss processes .

We parameterise ρ as where , contains variables that affect ρ .
we parameterise ρ as where , [has] variables that affect ρ .

The z vector contains variables on both labour market tightness and personal characteristics .
the z vector [has] variables on both labour market tightness and personal characteristics .

The paper contains an empirical analysis of the determinants of this investment with particular attention being paid to the role of wealth , expected returns , and measures of financial liberalization .
the paper [has] an empirical analysis of the determinants of this investment with particular attention being paid to the role of wealth , expected returns , and measures of financial liberalization .

Wash the specimens gently in two changes of distilled water ( not tap water , which contains Fe and Ca ) for only a few seconds at a time — the stains are relatively soluble .
wash the specimens gently in two changes of distilled water ( not tap water , which [has] fe and ca ) for only a few seconds at a time — the stains are relatively soluble .

Other British banks , as one might expect , is a category which contains a variety of institutions .
other british banks , as one might expect , is a category which [has] a variety of institutions .

This chapter contains summaries of the principal findings and recommendations of some of the major official reports on education and related topics from 1944 until the present day .
this chapter [has] summaries of the principal findings and recommendations of some of the major official reports on education and related topics from 1944 until the present day .

Chapter 12 contains a discussion of the possibility of quantizing the gravitational force in the same way that the electromagnetic and other forces are quantized .
chapter 12 [has] a discussion of the possibility of quantizing the gravitational force in the same way that the electromagnetic and other forces are quantized .

Each atom contains a nucleus which is made from nucleons ( i.e .
each atom [has] a nucleus which is made from nucleons ( i.e .

It has been remarked that the metric equation contains the full information on the geometry of that space .
it has been remarked that the metric equation [has] the full information on the geometry of that space .

Now this is not perhaps one of the best of Spitzer 's analyses , and in any case it contains a great deal more than we have space to repeat here .
now this is not perhaps one of the best of spitzer 's analyses , and in any case it [has] a great deal more than we have space to repeat here .

This article contains three case studies of teachers , all of whom were involved with innovations designed to incorporate mathematical activities of an investigative and practical nature into their classrooms .
this article [has] three case studies of teachers , all of whom were involved with innovations designed to incorporate mathematical activities of an investigative and practical nature into their classrooms .

Guy Brousseau , who coined the expression ‘ didactic contract ’ , points out that it contains a paradoxical dilemma .
guy brousseau , who coined the expression ‘ didactic contract ’ , points out that it [has] a paradoxical dilemma .

a separation agreement which contains no financial arrangements in a case where no other agreement in writing between the same parties contains such arrangements .
a separation agreement which [has] no financial arrangements in a case where no other agreement in writing between the same parties [has] such arrangements .

The area to the west of this stream diversion is poorly drained , embanked today , but contains the earthworks of the deserted settlement of Netherton .
the area to the west of this stream diversion is poorly drained , embanked today , but [has] the earthworks of the deserted settlement of netherton .

The church of St Mary contains good evidence for a Saxo-Norman building , including two Saxon windowheads ( not in situ ) and herring-bone masonry punctured by Norman windows .
the church of st mary [has] good evidence for a saxo-norman building , including two saxon windowheads ( not in situ ) and herring-bone masonry punctured by norman windows .

‘ Because this remedy , Egbert , contains morphine . ’
‘ because this remedy , egbert , [has] morphine . ’

The area contains much sub-standard terraced housing which is in need of repair .
the area [has] much sub-standard terraced housing which is in need of repair .

Vancouver Island is big — about 300 miles long — and is separated from the mainland by a strait about 25 miles wide , which contains lots of small islands known as the Gulf Islands , of which more anon .
vancouver island is big — about 300 miles long — and is separated from the mainland by a strait about 25 miles wide , which [has] lots of small islands known as the gulf islands , of which more anon .

We drove back down the West side , through the Waipoua Forest which is still quite extensive and contains a few giant kauris , magnificent , almost unbelievably huge when you get up to them .
we drove back down the west side , through the waipoua forest which is still quite extensive and [has] a few giant kauris , magnificent , almost unbelievably huge when you get up to them .

5 ) The same issue contains info on the 1991 Road Traffic Act .
5 ) the same issue [has] info on the 1991 road traffic act .

This section of the road is continuously built up on one side and contains ten residential access points .
this section of the road is continuously built up on one side and [has] ten residential access points .

The ‘ alternative route ’ as outlined in your letter contains some mistakes and would be very confusing for anyone who did n't know the area .
the ‘ alternative route ’ as outlined in your letter [has] some mistakes and would be very confusing for anyone who did n't know the area .

This article contains the essence of both trips .
this article [has] the essence of both trips .

The current National Catalogue contains sub-headings for the music modules as follows :
the current national catalogue [has] sub-headings for the music modules as follows :

The Catalogue therefore contains Mathematics module descriptors , some of which have identifier first digit 6 and others with identifier first digit 8 .
the catalogue therefore [has] mathematics module descriptors , some of which have identifier first digit 6 and others with identifier first digit 8 .

To me the last part of the poem is the one that really contains the message of futility suggested by the title :
to me the last part of the poem is the one that really [has] the message of futility suggested by the title :

This qualification contains two distinct but related elements .
this qualification [has] two distinct but related elements .

The Bibliography contains references to a number of texts on the subject .
the bibliography [has] references to a number of texts on the subject .

Appendix 4 , Bibliography contains appropriate references .
appendix 4 , bibliography [has] appropriate references .

South Wales contains four sites : Ffos Las , Gilfach Iago , Incline Top and Great White Tip all of which are in full production .
south wales [has] four sites : ffos las , gilfach iago , incline top and great white tip all of which are in full production .

The roof contains double the thickness of insulation normally included in a new home , the ground floors are thermally insulated and the traditional brick/block external cavity wall insulation has been increased .
the roof [has] double the thickness of insulation normally included in a new home , the ground floors are thermally insulated and the traditional brick/block external cavity wall insulation has been increased .

We shall here use adjectival position to mean any construction which has the function of realizing some distinct pattern of intensional relations , and which meets the following criteria : ( a ) It contains an adjective as one of its elements ; ( b ) It is minimally extended for that adjective , i.e. there are no further elements dependent on the adjective ( since all such phrases will reduce in their structural effect to a single occurrence of adjective anyway ) ; ( c ) It is minimally complete for that adjective ; that is , the adjective achieves its structural effect within the construction , so that setting the whole pattern into a larger construction can not change the effective value of the adjective .
we shall here use adjectival position to mean any construction which has the function of realizing some distinct pattern of intensional relations , and which meets the following criteria : ( a ) it [has] an adjective as one of its elements ; ( b ) it is minimally extended for that adjective , i.e. there are no further elements dependent on the adjective ( since all such phrases will reduce in their structural effect to a single occurrence of adjective anyway ) ; ( c ) it is minimally complete for that adjective ; that is , the adjective achieves its structural effect within the construction , so that setting the whole pattern into a larger construction can not change the effective value of the adjective .

Our proposal , then , is that postnominal position expresses the intensional pattern which contains an adjective linked to its head noun by assignment , while remaining part of the same phrase .
our proposal , then , is that postnominal position expresses the intensional pattern which [has] an adjective linked to its head noun by assignment , while remaining part of the same phrase .

Consider , in this light , the contrasts in ( 17 ) and ( 18 ) , each presenting two sets of data ; the first set includes an adverbal adjective ; the second contains a predicate qualifying adjective , as indicated by the identity of the appropriate questions : ( 17 ) Ellen shook loose the keys what did Ellen do to the keys ?
consider , in this light , the contrasts in ( 17 ) and ( 18 ) , each presenting two sets of data ; the first set includes an adverbal adjective ; the second [has] a predicate qualifying adjective , as indicated by the identity of the appropriate questions : ( 17 ) ellen shook loose the keys what did ellen do to the keys ?

The aim of this handbook is to help employees to understand and appreciate their terms and conditions of employment ; it contains information in addition to the requirements of the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 as amended .
the aim of this handbook is to help employees to understand and appreciate their terms and conditions of employment ; it [has] information in addition to the requirements of the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 as amended .

Re-mapping of economically important areas was carried out during and after the War , and much of the subsequent work has had an economic focus , restricted in the main to the highly populated Midland Valley of Scotland , which , perhaps not surprisingly , contains the country 's major economic mineral deposits — coal , oil-shale , fireclay , and bulk minerals , such as roadstone , building stone , limestone for cement and agriculture .
re-mapping of economically important areas was carried out during and after the war , and much of the subsequent work has had an economic focus , restricted in the main to the highly populated midland valley of scotland , which , perhaps not surprisingly , [has] the country 's major economic mineral deposits — coal , oil-shale , fireclay , and bulk minerals , such as roadstone , building stone , limestone for cement and agriculture .

The 1980-84 cumulation contains corrigenda which are not included in the annual volumes .
the 1980-84 cumulation [has] corrigenda which are not included in the annual volumes .

The third edition , to be published in 1991 contains much that is new or refined from the second , but it is written wholly within the plate tectonic theoretical framework , and reveals no paradigm change from the second edition .
the third edition , to be published in 1991 [has] much that is new or refined from the second , but it is written wholly within the plate tectonic theoretical framework , and reveals no paradigm change from the second edition .

For those theses which were read , and were subsequently not cited , Kochen 's fourth alternative contains some of the possible reasons for non-citation , but there may be others , and it is not possible to choose between them from the evidence currently available .
for those theses which were read , and were subsequently not cited , kochen 's fourth alternative [has] some of the possible reasons for non-citation , but there may be others , and it is not possible to choose between them from the evidence currently available .

Geology , like many other sciences , contains several sub-disciplines , each of which makes use of particular communication media .
geology , like many other sciences , [has] several sub-disciplines , each of which makes use of particular communication media .

The area also contains important sedimentary sequences , and the metamorphic rocks of the Dalradian Super-Group at the Highland Boundary .
the area also [has] important sedimentary sequences , and the metamorphic rocks of the dalradian super-group at the highland boundary .

The quantum model in physics contains the possibility that individual quanta can be at different energy levels .
the quantum model in physics [has] the possibility that individual quanta can be at different energy levels .

Usually a questionnaire , sometimes referred to as an interview schedule , is used in the interview and contains the questions that the interviewer puts to the respondent .
usually a questionnaire , sometimes referred to as an interview schedule , is used in the interview and [has] the questions that the interviewer puts to the respondent .

This extract contains important messages for teachers .
this extract [has] important messages for teachers .

Even at the primary stage , it has been shown that children can often grasp that a country house contains material that has accumulated over a long period . ``
even at the primary stage , it has been shown that children can often grasp that a country house [has] material that has accumulated over a long period . ``

It might involve survey and dating of a length of hedge , by identifying and counting the shrub species it contains , a graveyard survey , or detailed survey work on an archaeological site or in a settlement .
it might involve survey and dating of a length of hedge , by identifying and counting the shrub species it [has] , a graveyard survey , or detailed survey work on an archaeological site or in a settlement .

It is , therefore , important to ensure that the contract contains all that it should …
it is , therefore , important to ensure that the contract [has] all that it should …

Section 1 ( 1 ) of the 1968 Theft Act contains a basic definition of theft .
section 1 ( 1 ) of the 1968 theft act [has] a basic definition of theft .

The original ( but still available ) Brewer 's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable is an example of a nineteenth-century collection of somewhat idiosyncratically chosen historical , mythical and literary information ; it is useful partly because of its eccentricity , in that it contains information you may not find elsewhere .
the original ( but still available ) brewer 's dictionary of phrase and fable is an example of a nineteenth-century collection of somewhat idiosyncratically chosen historical , mythical and literary information ; it is useful partly because of its eccentricity , in that it [has] information you may not find elsewhere .

The techniques of scanning and skimming can both be used to gain a rough idea of what an article or book contains , so that you can read parts in more detail if you want to .
the techniques of scanning and skimming can both be used to gain a rough idea of what an article or book [has] , so that you can read parts in more detail if you want to .

( 4 ) The following passage contains some inconsistencies in terms of the register it adopts .
( 4 ) the following passage [has] some inconsistencies in terms of the register it adopts .

Reworking the question into a related generalisation , on the other hand , shows that you understand something of the complexities it contains .
reworking the question into a related generalisation , on the other hand , shows that you understand something of the complexities it [has] .

Slightly different problems arise in our next example , though again they are related to the relationship between the various topics being introduced : The `` Sonnet on the Death of Mr Richard West `` contains many half-rhymes and can be split into two groups , the octave and the sestet .
slightly different problems arise in our next example , though again they are related to the relationship between the various topics being introduced : the `` sonnet on the death of mr richard west `` [has] many half-rhymes and can be split into two groups , the octave and the sestet .

You need to stand back from what you write and explicitly present it to your reader , commenting directly on its organisation , rather than just on the ideas it contains .
you need to stand back from what you write and explicitly present it to your reader , commenting directly on its organisation , rather than just on the ideas it [has] .

In each of these sentences the subject contains several nouns .
in each of these sentences the subject [has] several nouns .

( 1 ) The following passage , which is the closing section of an essay on the central issues raised by the play Hamlet , contains a number of spelling , punctuation and grammatical errors .
( 1 ) the following passage , which is the closing section of an essay on the central issues raised by the play hamlet , [has] a number of spelling , punctuation and grammatical errors .

Hard water is formed as rain water passes down through layers of limestone which contains calcium and magnesium minerals ; the more calcium and magnesium minerals absorbed , the harder the water becomes .
hard water is formed as rain water passes down through layers of limestone which [has] calcium and magnesium minerals ; the more calcium and magnesium minerals absorbed , the harder the water becomes .

The ion exchange resin beads have the ability to exchange sodium ions held on the resin , for the calcium and magnesium dissolved in the water , so that after passing through the resin bed the water contains non hardness forming sodium slats , the calcium and magnesium having been removed and held on the resin .
the ion exchange resin beads have the ability to exchange sodium ions held on the resin , for the calcium and magnesium dissolved in the water , so that after passing through the resin bed the water [has] non hardness forming sodium slats , the calcium and magnesium having been removed and held on the resin .

It is probably true to say that if young British-born Caribbeans from London have a conversation lasting longer than a few turns , then it will contain London English even if it contains Creole as well .
it is probably true to say that if young british-born caribbeans from london have a conversation lasting longer than a few turns , then it will contain london english even if it [has] creole as well .

The Defective Premises Act 1972 contains two provisions in relation to the landlord 's position .
the defective premises act 1972 [has] two provisions in relation to the landlord 's position .

Now Osbern 's account of the circumstances surrounding Ælfheah 's martyrdom contains some spectacular blunders , and if this account of a shipwreck stood alone it would be worthless , because saints ' lives frequently contain miracles about distress at sea .
now osbern 's account of the circumstances surrounding ælfheah 's martyrdom [has] some spectacular blunders , and if this account of a shipwreck stood alone it would be worthless , because saints ' lives frequently contain miracles about distress at sea .

Recent work on the silver coinage has revealed a complex system of which even Domesday contains little trace .
recent work on the silver coinage has revealed a complex system of which even domesday [has] little trace .

He says that he worked at Emma 's request to produce a record of the deeds which touched upon the honour of her and hers , and the oldest surviving manuscript , which is very close to the author 's original , may be the copy she received : it contains a miniature which shows an ecclesiastic presenting a book to a woman while two figures , presumably her sons Harthacnut and Edward , look on .
he says that he worked at emma 's request to produce a record of the deeds which touched upon the honour of her and hers , and the oldest surviving manuscript , which is very close to the author 's original , may be the copy she received : it [has] a miniature which shows an ecclesiastic presenting a book to a woman while two figures , presumably her sons harthacnut and edward , look on .

Similarly , his work for St Augustine 's Canterbury was assisted by a lengthy stay there , while his Life of St Edith of Wilton , written for the nuns whose testimony he cites as an authority , contains details which suggest that he was familiar with their house , its traditions , and possibly records in Anglo-Saxon .
similarly , his work for st augustine 's canterbury was assisted by a lengthy stay there , while his life of st edith of wilton , written for the nuns whose testimony he cites as an authority , [has] details which suggest that he was familiar with their house , its traditions , and possibly records in anglo-saxon .

The lexicon contains 4000 words which have the highest frequency of occurrence according to the American Heritage Word Frequency Book ( Carroll , Davies & Richman , 1971 ) .
the lexicon [has] 4000 words which have the highest frequency of occurrence according to the american heritage word frequency book ( carroll , davies & richman , 1971 ) .

The Act contains a great many exceptions called the `` permitted acts `` , for example , fair-dealing for research or private study or for criticism , review or news reporting .
the act [has] a great many exceptions called the `` permitted acts `` , for example , fair-dealing for research or private study or for criticism , review or news reporting .

If the database contains pre-existing original works normal rules apply .
if the database [has] pre-existing original works normal rules apply .

Even if a database contains pre-existing works , it can be considered to be a new work of copyright if it is the result of selection and judgment .
even if a database [has] pre-existing works , it can be considered to be a new work of copyright if it is the result of selection and judgment .

An expert system , in basic terms , contains three main elements : a knowledge-base ( rules and facts provided by experts ) , an inference engine ( a computer program which manipulates the knowledge-base and applies it to a particular problem ) and a user interface to make the system `` user-friendly `` and to provide explanations of the reasoning adopted and advice given by the expert system .
an expert system , in basic terms , [has] three main elements : a knowledge-base ( rules and facts provided by experts ) , an inference engine ( a computer program which manipulates the knowledge-base and applies it to a particular problem ) and a user interface to make the system `` user-friendly `` and to provide explanations of the reasoning adopted and advice given by the expert system .

Obviously , an obligation of confidence can arise by express agreement ; for example , where a freelance computer programmer is engaged to carry out some work under a contract which contains a term stating that the programmer will not use or divulge details of the client 's business .
obviously , an obligation of confidence can arise by express agreement ; for example , where a freelance computer programmer is engaged to carry out some work under a contract which [has] a term stating that the programmer will not use or divulge details of the client 's business .

8388 ) , contains a draft breach of confidence Bill .
8388 ) , [has] a draft breach of confidence bill .

Section 1 ( 2 ) of the Patents Act 1977 contains those which can generally be classified as coming within the scope of copyright law or the law of confidence and , in that context , computer programs are of particular interest .
section 1 ( 2 ) of the patents act 1977 [has] those which can generally be classified as coming within the scope of copyright law or the law of confidence and , in that context , computer programs are of particular interest .

Chapter 18 contains a checklist of terms normally to be found in contracts concerning computer hardware and software .
chapter 18 [has] a checklist of terms normally to be found in contracts concerning computer hardware and software .

By its very nature , when delivered , bespoke software often contains errors and it may be some time before they can all be traced and corrected .
by its very nature , when delivered , bespoke software often [has] errors and it may be some time before they can all be traced and corrected .

One consequence of the exclusive pursuit of the selfish and self-indulgent ethos of the naked fabliau is that the Shipman 's Tale , unlike the majority of the French fabliaux , contains no concluding moral , ending instead on the selfish prayer : The failure of a moral to appear here is emphasized by the fact that the Host immediately tries to draw a moral from the tale — an appropriately pragmatic one : It could and has been held that the Shipman 's Tale is thereby amoral .
one consequence of the exclusive pursuit of the selfish and self-indulgent ethos of the naked fabliau is that the shipman 's tale , unlike the majority of the french fabliaux , [has] no concluding moral , ending instead on the selfish prayer : the failure of a moral to appear here is emphasized by the fact that the host immediately tries to draw a moral from the tale — an appropriately pragmatic one : it could and has been held that the shipman 's tale is thereby amoral .

After reminding ourselves , once more , that the General Prologue portrait of the Reeve contains its ambiguities — possibly sinister ones — we can start our examination of the portrayal of the Reeve with his Prologue .
after reminding ourselves , once more , that the general prologue portrait of the reeve [has] its ambiguities — possibly sinister ones — we can start our examination of the portrayal of the reeve with his prologue .

Thus the substantive apple contains the lexical idea of a kind of fruit : this is its material significate , or lexeme , the import of meaning which is said of some object in the speaker 's experience .
thus the substantive apple [has] the lexical idea of a kind of fruit : this is its material significate , or lexeme , the import of meaning which is said of some object in the speaker 's experience .

It is proposed here that the infinitive is not totally devoid of a representation of person but contains a `` generalized person `` which represents a support that has not yet been defined ordinally with respect to the speech situation as first , second or third .
it is proposed here that the infinitive is not totally devoid of a representation of person but [has] a `` generalized person `` which represents a support that has not yet been defined ordinally with respect to the speech situation as first , second or third .

Elinor Fettiplace 's recipe book of 1604 contains another Lenten delicacy — almond cakes which were sweetened with aniseed .
elinor fettiplace 's recipe book of 1604 [has] another lenten delicacy — almond cakes which were sweetened with aniseed .

This Glossary contains short definitions and/or explanations of some demographic , sociological and statistical terms and of abbreviations used in the report .
this glossary [has] short definitions and/or explanations of some demographic , sociological and statistical terms and of abbreviations used in the report .

Accent always entails the occurrence of a strong stress on the appropriate syllable of the accented word ; when this word contains the nucleus of the word group , accent is also shown by a change of pitch or by sustaining pitch .
accent always entails the occurrence of a strong stress on the appropriate syllable of the accented word ; when this word [has] the nucleus of the word group , accent is also shown by a change of pitch or by sustaining pitch .

Unlike plosive , the release stage of affricates can never be omitted , eg which chairs contains no unexploded allophone as does bad dog .
unlike plosive , the release stage of affricates can never be omitted , eg which chairs [has] no unexploded allophone as does bad dog .

Nevertheless , the most highly automated programme of language teaching is no better than the material it contains ; it is what we put into it that determines the quality of the automation .
nevertheless , the most highly automated programme of language teaching is no better than the material it [has] ; it is what we put into it that determines the quality of the automation .

Short-term memory seems able to contain a fairly constant number of chunks , regardless of who much or how little information each contains .
short-term memory seems able to contain a fairly constant number of chunks , regardless of who much or how little information each [has] .

For example , the number of unconnected words we can hold in immediate memory is about the same as the number of unrelated digits , even though a word contains much more information than a digit .
for example , the number of unconnected words we can hold in immediate memory is about the same as the number of unrelated digits , even though a word [has] much more information than a digit .

Being asked how he knew this he says that each carucate of land by the custom of the district contains one hundred and four score acres of arable land , which quantity there is not in that Manor .
being asked how he knew this he says that each carucate of land by the custom of the district [has] one hundred and four score acres of arable land , which quantity there is not in that manor .

The west end of the south aisle is separated off , opening by a small pointed door to the west of the aisle , and contains a small single window , trefoiled , with iron bars .
the west end of the south aisle is separated off , opening by a small pointed door to the west of the aisle , and [has] a small single window , trefoiled , with iron bars .

The nave contains some ancient benches with square ends having buttresses .
the nave [has] some ancient benches with square ends having buttresses .

It contains wonderful substances like Secretory IgA , which literally coats the baby 's gut with an antiseptic paint to protect it from bugs .
it [has] wonderful substances like secretory iga , which literally coats the baby 's gut with an antiseptic paint to protect it from bugs .

What the ad does n't mention , either , is that cells which contains traces of blood are naturally excreted in the faeces and in some babies the amount of cells that are shed increases if they are fed cow 's milk — but still not enough to worry about .
what the ad does n't mention , either , is that cells which [has] traces of blood are naturally excreted in the faeces and in some babies the amount of cells that are shed increases if they are fed cow 's milk — but still not enough to worry about .

Some problems arise because the new language contains sounds or constructions which are completely new to you .
some problems arise because the new language [has] sounds or constructions which are completely new to you .

make a note to check any " odd ones " in other lists later match up the separate lists one against the other to make sure that each list contains a different sound .
make a note to check any " odd ones " in other lists later match up the separate lists one against the other to make sure that each list [has] a different sound .

Many polymerizations proceed best in the presence of catalysts and in consequence the resulting material often contains catalyst residues .
many polymerizations proceed best in the presence of catalysts and in consequence the resulting material often [has] catalyst residues .

The term contains the elastic constants .
the term [has] the elastic constants .

The representative volume element is a sample that ( a ) is structurally entirely typical of the whole mixture on average , and ( b ) contains a sufficient number of inclusions for the apparent overall moduli to be effectively independent of the surface values of traction and displacement so long as these values are `` macroscopically uniform `` .
the representative volume element is a sample that ( a ) is structurally entirely typical of the whole mixture on average , and ( b ) [has] a sufficient number of inclusions for the apparent overall moduli to be effectively independent of the surface values of traction and displacement so long as these values are `` macroscopically uniform `` .

The energy expression contains terms such as Consider the first term .
the energy expression [has] terms such as consider the first term .

The poem contains very little human sound .
the poem [has] very little human sound .

This neomucisa contains all normal intestinal cell lineages and persists for the life of the animal .
this neomucisa [has] all normal intestinal cell lineages and persists for the life of the animal .

Whereas swallowed saliva contains bicarbonate , recent experiments have also demonstrated alkali secretion from the mammalian oesophagus .
whereas swallowed saliva [has] bicarbonate , recent experiments have also demonstrated alkali secretion from the mammalian oesophagus .

Because saliva contains high concentrations of bicarbonate , even small voumes of swallowed saliva may significantly contaminate the oesophageal segment .
because saliva [has] high concentrations of bicarbonate , even small voumes of swallowed saliva may significantly contaminate the oesophageal segment .

Because saliva contains relatively high concentrations of alkali , accounting for about 3% of bicarbonate within the oesophagus , it is important that amylase concentrations measured in oesophageal fluid accurately reflect salivary contamination .
because saliva [has] relatively high concentrations of alkali , accounting for about 3% of bicarbonate within the oesophagus , it is important that amylase concentrations measured in oesophageal fluid accurately reflect salivary contamination .

The method involves the generation of a ‘ normal ’ or background image which contains only bone marrow , liver and spleen activity .
the method involves the generation of a ‘ normal ’ or background image which [has] only bone marrow , liver and spleen activity .

The apparent continuously irregular frequency recorded , which contains high and low frequency components , may have several explanations .
the apparent continuously irregular frequency recorded , which [has] high and low frequency components , may have several explanations .

Developed by Spontex , AirX contains nearly a billion naturally occurring human friendly bacteria , to break down and eat organic matter , the main cause of smells .
developed by spontex , airx [has] nearly a billion naturally occurring human friendly bacteria , to break down and eat organic matter , the main cause of smells .

AirX is non-toxic and completely biodegradable and contains no harmful ingredients .
airx is non-toxic and completely biodegradable and [has] no harmful ingredients .

Our oesophageal aboratory serves a population of 1.5 million people and is sited in a hospital which contains the regional thoracic surgery unit and the regional medical cardiology centre .
our oesophageal aboratory serves a population of 1.5 million people and is sited in a hospital which [has] the regional thoracic surgery unit and the regional medical cardiology centre .

Our results confirm that alcoholic ascites contains plasminogen activating activity .
our results confirm that alcoholic ascites [has] plasminogen activating activity .

The concentrations of trace metals have been recently studied in saliva and gut secretions , but not in gastric juice , which contains appreciable concentrations of electrolyte cations .
the concentrations of trace metals have been recently studied in saliva and gut secretions , but not in gastric juice , which [has] appreciable concentrations of electrolyte cations .

When we first cloned the human globin genes we realised that every cloned gene is person-specific , and therefore contains the particular sequences that instruct most of the features which we inherit and that determine our individuality .
when we first cloned the human globin genes we realised that every cloned gene is person-specific , and therefore [has] the particular sequences that instruct most of the features which we inherit and that determine our individuality .

The foregoing strongly suggests that dividend policy and practice contains important information for the shareholder .
the foregoing strongly suggests that dividend policy and practice [has] important information for the shareholder .

The market also contains around 10–12 foreign exchange brokers who link buyers and sellers of foreign currency .
the market also [has] around 10–12 foreign exchange brokers who link buyers and sellers of foreign currency .

If the network contains activities in other departments local supervision may resent this .
if the network [has] activities in other departments local supervision may resent this .

The human brain contains a record of every event experienced .
the human brain [has] a record of every event experienced .

The butterfly catastrophe contains the cusp catastrophe and for some values of constraint is qualitatively identical .
the butterfly catastrophe [has] the cusp catastrophe and for some values of constraint is qualitatively identical .

The first floor contains paper sculptures — he has used torn , cut , folded and painted paper to form provocative jumbles contained in plexiglass cases ; these abstract explorations of texture and form , which closely parallel his metal pieces , are attractively priced at $ 10,000 .
the first floor [has] paper sculptures — he has used torn , cut , folded and painted paper to form provocative jumbles contained in plexiglass cases ; these abstract explorations of texture and form , which closely parallel his metal pieces , are attractively priced at $ 10,000 .

Normal tissue paper , like most paper , contains acid which encourages fading and decay , including the gradual yellowing of white fabrics , a process which may be seen after only a few years .
normal tissue paper , like most paper , [has] acid which encourages fading and decay , including the gradual yellowing of white fabrics , a process which may be seen after only a few years .

The transputer contains a processor , memory , and communications links on a single chip , which makes it an ideal building block for multi-processor computers .
the transputer [has] a processor , memory , and communications links on a single chip , which makes it an ideal building block for multi-processor computers .

And this shifting between the past and almost- present is equally felt in the choreography — it contains some of the cleanest , most authoritative classical dance Page has produced while simultaneously suggesting modern bodies and modern mores in the way the dancers loll negligently on the floor or challenge each other 's strength .
and this shifting between the past and almost- present is equally felt in the choreography — it [has] some of the cleanest , most authoritative classical dance page has produced while simultaneously suggesting modern bodies and modern mores in the way the dancers loll negligently on the floor or challenge each other 's strength .

The resolution , drafted by the Islamic Conference group of countries , calls for ‘ a comprehensive political solution ’ and a ‘ cessation of hostilities ’ but contains no initiatives of substance , diplomats said .
the resolution , drafted by the islamic conference group of countries , calls for ‘ a comprehensive political solution ’ and a ‘ cessation of hostilities ’ but [has] no initiatives of substance , diplomats said .

In particular , it was known that each cell contains a nucleus which can be seen to contain a number of threads , the chromosomes .
in particular , it was known that each cell [has] a nucleus which can be seen to contain a number of threads , the chromosomes .

That is , each body cell contains two sets of chromosomes ( for example , 23 pairs in human cells ) , but the gametes ( egg in the female and sperm in the male ) receive only one of each pair .
that is , each body cell [has] two sets of chromosomes ( for example , 23 pairs in human cells ) , but the gametes ( egg in the female and sperm in the male ) receive only one of each pair .

that part of the cell outside the nucleus ) contains various membranous structures , absent in prokaryotes , of which the most important are the mitochondria ( where energy obtained from oxidation reactions is converted into a usable form — see p. 63 ) , and , in plants , the chloroplasts ( where light energy is trapped ) .
that part of the cell outside the nucleus ) [has] various membranous structures , absent in prokaryotes , of which the most important are the mitochondria ( where energy obtained from oxidation reactions is converted into a usable form — see p. 63 ) , and , in plants , the chloroplasts ( where light energy is trapped ) .

Thus the cortex on one side contains a map of only half the visual field , but it contains two versions of that map , one from each eye , superimposed on one another .
thus the cortex on one side [has] a map of only half the visual field , but it [has] two versions of that map , one from each eye , superimposed on one another .

‘ The Book of Legends contains descriptions of all the acts of heroism that our island people have attempted .
‘ the book of legends [has] descriptions of all the acts of heroism that our island people have attempted .

The classic √3:2 rectangle nicely contains an elliptical backcloth .
the classic √3:2 rectangle nicely [has] an elliptical backcloth .

Yet to function as designers , our priority is the need to comprehend a cohesive pattern that contains the problem we wish to solve .
yet to function as designers , our priority is the need to comprehend a cohesive pattern that [has] the problem we wish to solve .

It is worth dwelling on that short text , for it contains in brief , almost coded , form many of the key elements of anti-Catholicism .
it is worth dwelling on that short text , for it [has] in brief , almost coded , form many of the key elements of anti-catholicism .

It is not the fact that a coin is often worth more than the value of the bullion it contains .
it is not the fact that a coin is often worth more than the value of the bullion it [has] .

More frequently the deposit of a hoard must be dated from coins it contains which are independently datable , if there are any .
more frequently the deposit of a hoard must be dated from coins it [has] which are independently datable , if there are any .

The list itself is secret , although it is a fair bet that it contains only a few genuinely brilliant minds , and fewer still who are likely to rock the boat .
the list itself is secret , although it is a fair bet that it [has] only a few genuinely brilliant minds , and fewer still who are likely to rock the boat .

As sugar contains no vitamins and minerals , the calories supplied by food are ‘ empty ’ , devoid of nutrients .
as sugar [has] no vitamins and minerals , the calories supplied by food are ‘ empty ’ , devoid of nutrients .

For example , the silver top milk could be replaced by skimmed or semi-skimmed milk ; a cooking fat is alright , but replace the lard with sunflower oil ; the muesli probably contains added sugar and a sugar-free brand would be better ; the rice and spaghetti could both be brown instead of white .
for example , the silver top milk could be replaced by skimmed or semi-skimmed milk ; a cooking fat is alright , but replace the lard with sunflower oil ; the muesli probably [has] added sugar and a sugar-free brand would be better ; the rice and spaghetti could both be brown instead of white .

Peters ' article on Bedouin families contains information about who lived in particular camps , leading him to suggest that ‘ the core ’ of a camp was not a male head of tent-hold , but his mother ( Peters , 1965 ) .
peters ' article on bedouin families [has] information about who lived in particular camps , leading him to suggest that ‘ the core ’ of a camp was not a male head of tent-hold , but his mother ( peters , 1965 ) .

It also contains cheerful indiscretions not to be found in the official regimental history .
it also [has] cheerful indiscretions not to be found in the official regimental history .

In trying to amuse children and grown-ups , it contains scenes which will displease both .
in trying to amuse children and grown-ups , it [has] scenes which will displease both .

The manifesto contains a promise to invest £6,300 million over the next three years in the trunk road and motorway network , with concentration on the building of bypasses , a further 40 of which will be opened by 1995 .
the manifesto [has] a promise to invest £6,300 million over the next three years in the trunk road and motorway network , with concentration on the building of bypasses , a further 40 of which will be opened by 1995 .

His ambitious score contains within each of its four substantial , trenchantly argued movements both portraits of , and tributes to , many of his close friends who have died of Aids .
his ambitious score [has] within each of its four substantial , trenchantly argued movements both portraits of , and tributes to , many of his close friends who have died of aids .

He 's the madcap Italian Marxist , the man who proved that agit-prop can be fun , and there 's no doubt that his best-known play , Accidental Death of an Anarchist ( 1970 ) , contains moments of true farcical delirium .
he 's the madcap italian marxist , the man who proved that agit-prop can be fun , and there 's no doubt that his best-known play , accidental death of an anarchist ( 1970 ) , [has] moments of true farcical delirium .

These can create a sense of pleasure or well-being , so that when food contains capsaicin , the experience of eating is more intense and the food seems more highly flavoured .
these can create a sense of pleasure or well-being , so that when food [has] capsaicin , the experience of eating is more intense and the food seems more highly flavoured .

It contains passages of terrifying vocal difficulty .
it [has] passages of terrifying vocal difficulty .

The lower ground floor contains a rather characterless , Docklands-style pub .
the lower ground floor [has] a rather characterless , docklands-style pub .

What they did not know — and perhaps Mr Desai did not know either — was that urine contains large amounts of melatonin — a chemical secreted by the pineal gland which is involved ( no one knows how ) in setting the body 's natural rhythms .
what they did not know — and perhaps mr desai did not know either — was that urine [has] large amounts of melatonin — a chemical secreted by the pineal gland which is involved ( no one knows how ) in setting the body 's natural rhythms .

The uncrowded Musée des Beaux Arts , 3 Rue de la Régence , contains paintings by Brue ( who lived just down the hill in the Rue Haute ) , Rubens , Ensor and Magritte .
the uncrowded musée des beaux arts , 3 rue de la régence , [has] paintings by brue ( who lived just down the hill in the rue haute ) , rubens , ensor and magritte .

Finally , the 25th section ( now substantially re-enacted by section 49 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 ) contains a general provision that in all other matters where there is a conflict or variance between the rules of Law and the rules of Equity the latter are to prevail .
finally , the 25th section ( now substantially re-enacted by section 49 of the supreme court act 1981 ) [has] a general provision that in all other matters where there is a conflict or variance between the rules of law and the rules of equity the latter are to prevail .

Under the Administration of justice Act 1982 , where a will contains a devise or bequest to a child or remoter descendant of the testator , and the intended beneficiary dies before the testator , leaving issue who are living at the time of the testator 's death , then , unless a contrary intention appears in the will , the devise or bequest passes to the issue living at the testator 's death .
under the administration of justice act 1982 , where a will [has] a devise or bequest to a child or remoter descendant of the testator , and the intended beneficiary dies before the testator , leaving issue who are living at the time of the testator 's death , then , unless a contrary intention appears in the will , the devise or bequest passes to the issue living at the testator 's death .

Their lifestyle contains all the ingredients that for us make up ‘ the good life ’ — plenty of time devoted to playing , socialising , and making love .
their lifestyle [has] all the ingredients that for us make up ‘ the good life ’ — plenty of time devoted to playing , socialising , and making love .

The dolphin 's melon , a waxy , lens-shaped organ , extends from the blowhole to the beak and contains much fine wax-oil held in suspension by a very fine web-like tissue , which resembles the inside of a pipless , unripe melon .
the dolphin 's melon , a waxy , lens-shaped organ , extends from the blowhole to the beak and [has] much fine wax-oil held in suspension by a very fine web-like tissue , which resembles the inside of a pipless , unripe melon .

Mettwurst is similar to Teewurst but is always made from a mixture of pork and beef , is very smoky and often contains paprika to give it a more spicy flavour .
mettwurst is similar to teewurst but is always made from a mixture of pork and beef , is very smoky and often [has] paprika to give it a more spicy flavour .

Coffee contains volatile gases which must not be lost after roasting if the beans are to have a good nose .
coffee [has] volatile gases which must not be lost after roasting if the beans are to have a good nose .

The remaining rice in its unprocessed state still contains the bran and this is brown rice .
the remaining rice in its unprocessed state still [has] the bran and this is brown rice .

As cocoa contains caffeine , it would have stimulated the Temperance workers on their way .
as cocoa [has] caffeine , it would have stimulated the temperance workers on their way .

The pastry case contains a spicy beef taco filling and the grated cheese topping browns in the oven to give a tempting appearance .
the pastry case [has] a spicy beef taco filling and the grated cheese topping browns in the oven to give a tempting appearance .

Hebrews 2 contains a fascinating idea that Jesus had to be made human in order to overcome death for us ; that is to say , he pioneered our way through the deep waters of death .
hebrews 2 [has] a fascinating idea that jesus had to be made human in order to overcome death for us ; that is to say , he pioneered our way through the deep waters of death .

But Leviathan contains more than this , for political philosophy is just one part of an ambitious and systematic three-part account of the Elements of Philosophy .
but leviathan [has] more than this , for political philosophy is just one part of an ambitious and systematic three-part account of the elements of philosophy .

De Corpore contains only hints about these sciences , and their further development is in the other two parts of Hobbes 's Elements of Philosophy — De Homine and De Cive .
de corpore [has] only hints about these sciences , and their further development is in the other two parts of hobbes 's elements of philosophy — de homine and de cive .

‘ The Gospel ’ , Locke explained to Molyneux , ‘ contains so perfect a body of ethics , that reason may be excused from that enquiry .
‘ the gospel ’ , locke explained to molyneux , ‘ [has] so perfect a body of ethics , that reason may be excused from that enquiry .

Given his belief that the idea that objects exist independently of a perceiving mind contains ‘ a manifest contradiction ’ , one might expect Berkeley to provide some explanation of why anyone should mistakenly have it .
given his belief that the idea that objects exist independently of a perceiving mind [has] ‘ a manifest contradiction ’ , one might expect berkeley to provide some explanation of why anyone should mistakenly have it .

The bay to the left of the projecting porch contains the full length mullioned and transomed hall window , which is thirty-six feet high and twenty-four feet wide , with twenty-four lights .
the bay to the left of the projecting porch [has] the full length mullioned and transomed hall window , which is thirty-six feet high and twenty-four feet wide , with twenty-four lights .

The church , a mile to the east of the Hall , contains myriad ancient brasses and memorials to the Bulwer family , from Matilda Bulwer in 1463 to Elizabeth in 1742 .
the church , a mile to the east of the hall , [has] myriad ancient brasses and memorials to the bulwer family , from matilda bulwer in 1463 to elizabeth in 1742 .

It contains a striped shirt , one towelling sock , now grubby , but still recognisably white , and several decayed strips of red material , thought to have had some connection with men 's trousers .
it [has] a striped shirt , one towelling sock , now grubby , but still recognisably white , and several decayed strips of red material , thought to have had some connection with men 's trousers .

The best of today 's Mozart ( not easy to come by ) sacrifices none of his classical elegance , but also contains the robustness and vigour that come from within the music .
the best of today 's mozart ( not easy to come by ) sacrifices none of his classical elegance , but also [has] the robustness and vigour that come from within the music .

The ‘ standard model ’ of particle physics , which explains everything seen until now by particle experimenters , contains three generations of subatomic particles .
the ‘ standard model ’ of particle physics , which explains everything seen until now by particle experimenters , [has] three generations of subatomic particles .

That is why Resolution 242 contains no condemnation of Israel .
that is why resolution 242 [has] no condemnation of israel .

Today 's universe contains four observable forces — the electromagnetic and gravitational ones , which work over long ranges , and the weak and strong nuclear ones , which work only locally .
today 's universe [has] four observable forces — the electromagnetic and gravitational ones , which work over long ranges , and the weak and strong nuclear ones , which work only locally .

Each generation contains two quarks and two leptons , of which one is an electron or something like it and the other a neutrino .
each generation [has] two quarks and two leptons , of which one is an electron or something like it and the other a neutrino .

Just like tap water , bottled water contains a host of minerals — and too much of some of them is bad for you .
just like tap water , bottled water [has] a host of minerals — and too much of some of them is bad for you .

This big book contains 140 essays by nearly as many authors .
this big book [has] 140 essays by nearly as many authors .

For the rest , the plan contains two stumbling blocks .
for the rest , the plan [has] two stumbling blocks .

Nevertheless it contains two clues for ways to improve things .
nevertheless it [has] two clues for ways to improve things .

The Communist Party now contains an extraordinary range of opinion , from old believers to reformers who are closer in outlook to middle-of-the-road democrats than to their hardline comrades .
the communist party now [has] an extraordinary range of opinion , from old believers to reformers who are closer in outlook to middle-of-the-road democrats than to their hardline comrades .

Yet India contains not just the forces of fragmentation , but also reserves of strength .
yet india [has] not just the forces of fragmentation , but also reserves of strength .

He thinks that his district , which contains many recent immigrants to America , takes pride in having a congressman who cuts a figure on the world stage .
he thinks that his district , which [has] many recent immigrants to america , takes pride in having a congressman who cuts a figure on the world stage .

Yet London contains around 25 Labour-winnable marginal seats .
yet london [has] around 25 labour-winnable marginal seats .

But its name contains the latest buzz-word .
but its name [has] the latest buzz-word .

New York-based Martindale-Hubbell publishes an eight-volume guide to the legal profession which contains entries for 700,000 lawyers and 44,000 law firms .
new york-based martindale-hubbell publishes an eight-volume guide to the legal profession which [has] entries for 700,000 lawyers and 44,000 law firms .

It contains little edible figures from Nintendo games .
it [has] little edible figures from nintendo games .

Neither category contains meaning any longer , since we do n't hear anything unfiltered by the business or the media .
neither category [has] meaning any longer , since we do n't hear anything unfiltered by the business or the media .

According to the unions , however , it contains a few minor strings , but nothing like the substantial changes in working practices being asked for nationally by the employers .
according to the unions , however , it [has] a few minor strings , but nothing like the substantial changes in working practices being asked for nationally by the employers .

The bill , expected to become law before Easter , contains virtually no details of the proposed scheme , which is still being worked out in negotiations with financial institutions .
the bill , expected to become law before easter , [has] virtually no details of the proposed scheme , which is still being worked out in negotiations with financial institutions .

Like most of his music , it looks back fondly to a golden age , but it does so creatively and with vitality . It lasts 40 minutes and contains so much inventive material in its one-movement , arch-like structure that one sometimes feels Holloway did not know what to do with it all , a pleasing problem for any composer today !
like most of his music , it looks back fondly to a golden age , but it does so creatively and with vitality . it lasts 40 minutes and [has] so much inventive material in its one-movement , arch-like structure that one sometimes feels holloway did not know what to do with it all , a pleasing problem for any composer today !

Fresh pineapple contains an enzyme called bromelin which digests gelatine , so the dish wo n't set .
fresh pineapple [has] an enzyme called bromelin which digests gelatine , so the dish wo n't set .

Classical ‘ dry ’ Alsace Pinot Gris , for example , in fact contains about 7–10g/litre residual sugar ; Ostertag 's has none .
classical ‘ dry ’ alsace pinot gris , for example , in fact [has] about 7–10g/litre residual sugar ; ostertag 's has none .

Each crew contains an Australian , both educated in England , and among the coaches of these cosmopolitan crews are a former East German , Jurgen Grobler , who advises Oxford , and Cambridge 's Vladimir Bachev , a Czech-born Bulgarian .
each crew [has] an australian , both educated in england , and among the coaches of these cosmopolitan crews are a former east german , jurgen grobler , who advises oxford , and cambridge 's vladimir bachev , a czech-born bulgarian .

The Labour candidate in Southend East , which contains most of the town itself , is Graham Bramley , a teacher originally from Accrington .
the labour candidate in southend east , which [has] most of the town itself , is graham bramley , a teacher originally from accrington .

The Reptile House contains one of the most interesting collections of snakes in the country , including both venomous and constrictive types .
the reptile house [has] one of the most interesting collections of snakes in the country , including both venomous and constrictive types .

Now the River Ant contains up to 60 mg/litre of nitrate and ‘ days could pass without a bite ’ .
now the river ant [has] up to 60 mg/litre of nitrate and ‘ days could pass without a bite ’ .

Once all water which contains or could on present trends contain , 50 mg/litre nitrate is designated ‘ vulnerable ’ , steps would have to be taken to reduce nitrate pollution .
once all water which [has] or could on present trends contain , 50 mg/litre nitrate is designated ‘ vulnerable ’ , steps would have to be taken to reduce nitrate pollution .

The MAFF-DoE memorandum also contains several contradictions which illustrate the confusion and conflict in government circles .
the maff-doe memorandum also [has] several contradictions which illustrate the confusion and conflict in government circles .

Although the constitution of the Confederation contains detailed regulations on the powers of the federal government and on the content of federal policy , all this means is that whenever a centralising measure is proposed , they amend the constitution .
although the constitution of the confederation [has] detailed regulations on the powers of the federal government and on the content of federal policy , all this means is that whenever a centralising measure is proposed , they amend the constitution .

Nearby Carthage contains the intriguing ruins of that once prestigious Phoenician and Roman city .
nearby carthage [has] the intriguing ruins of that once prestigious phoenician and roman city .

Small pretty fishing villages of terracotta rooftops and cobbled streets mingled with modern resorts , whilst the unspoilt interior contains graceful forests , golden cornfields , rich vineyards and dramatic mountain peaks reflected in deep , clear lakes .
small pretty fishing villages of terracotta rooftops and cobbled streets mingled with modern resorts , whilst the unspoilt interior [has] graceful forests , golden cornfields , rich vineyards and dramatic mountain peaks reflected in deep , clear lakes .

These good sized studios , all with private facilities and balconies are just a two minute walk from our hotel Venezia which contains two bars and a swimming pool with fantastic views over Faliraki .
these good sized studios , all with private facilities and balconies are just a two minute walk from our hotel venezia which [has] two bars and a swimming pool with fantastic views over faliraki .

No single food contains all the nutrients we need .
no single food [has] all the nutrients we need .

The archipelago contains a unique series of landscapes that are produced , in essence , by a combination of peripheral position and geological development .
the archipelago [has] a unique series of landscapes that are produced , in essence , by a combination of peripheral position and geological development .

The quartzo-feldspathic gneiss contains quartz , feldspar and hornblende as the principal minerals , variable though small amounts of biotite , and with iron ores and apatite as the common accessory minerals present .
the quartzo-feldspathic gneiss [has] quartz , feldspar and hornblende as the principal minerals , variable though small amounts of biotite , and with iron ores and apatite as the common accessory minerals present .

The igneous complex is composed for the most part of very resistant rocks , and less erosion has taken place here than with the other rock types , so that this region contains some of the highest hills in the Outer Hebrides , such as Roneval , Bleaval and Chaipaval .
the igneous complex is composed for the most part of very resistant rocks , and less erosion has taken place here than with the other rock types , so that this region [has] some of the highest hills in the outer hebrides , such as roneval , bleaval and chaipaval .

Specific to St. Kilda , the study of the Soay sheep Jewell , Milner & Boyd , 1974 ) similarly contains information about the botany , including plant communities and a vegetation map .
specific to st. kilda , the study of the soay sheep jewell , milner & boyd , 1974 ) similarly [has] information about the botany , including plant communities and a vegetation map .

The quantity of water raised from the lower to the higher level will on the average equal that lowered from the higher to the lower level so that there will be practically no loss of water by lockage and as the vessels transported by the lifts are waterborne the weight of the load carried by the dock is always the same whether the vessel be loaded or not and whether the dock contains a vessel or not .
the quantity of water raised from the lower to the higher level will on the average equal that lowered from the higher to the lower level so that there will be practically no loss of water by lockage and as the vessels transported by the lifts are waterborne the weight of the load carried by the dock is always the same whether the vessel be loaded or not and whether the dock [has] a vessel or not .

Proteins consist of chains of sub-units known as amino acids , each of which contains carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , and nitrogen .
proteins consist of chains of sub-units known as amino acids , each of which [has] carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , and nitrogen .

The Universe contains so many billions of stars besides our own Sun , many of which have planets , of which many in turn have moons , that some of them are bound to provide conditions that could support organic life .
the universe [has] so many billions of stars besides our own sun , many of which have planets , of which many in turn have moons , that some of them are bound to provide conditions that could support organic life .

But the world still contains ancient organisms that are not only anaerobic , but are actually killed by oxygen .
but the world still [has] ancient organisms that are not only anaerobic , but are actually killed by oxygen .

At least 80 per cent of a typical living cell consists of water ; and its ability to absorb heat without raising temperature protects all the delicate organic molecules that it contains .
at least 80 per cent of a typical living cell consists of water ; and its ability to absorb heat without raising temperature protects all the delicate organic molecules that it [has] .

Even the polar ice contains pesticide , for example .
even the polar ice [has] pesticide , for example .

Forest indeed contains a mass of plant material .
forest indeed [has] a mass of plant material .

The pelagic zone contains , in brief , the swimmers .
the pelagic zone [has] , in brief , the swimmers .

So great and rapid is the devastation that some have feared that the entire reef might disappear — even though it contains 3000 separate coral islands , stretched 2000 km along the Queensland coast , and covering an area the size of Great Britain .
so great and rapid is the devastation that some have feared that the entire reef might disappear — even though it [has] 3000 separate coral islands , stretched 2000 km along the queensland coast , and covering an area the size of great britain .

Africa contains the world 's finest savannah:filled ( once ) with herbivores , grazers and browsers .
africa [has] the world 's finest savannah:filled ( once ) with herbivores , grazers and browsers .

Country that is too dry for tropical forest but has enough rain to ward off desert contains scattered trees in a setting that is primarily grassland .
country that is too dry for tropical forest but has enough rain to ward off desert [has] scattered trees in a setting that is primarily grassland .

In second form science ( at least in the author 's day ) we are taught that the atmosphere contains roughly four-fifths nitrogen ; one-fifth oxygen ; and traces of carbon dioxide , water vapour , and ‘ rare ’ or ‘ inert ’ gases , such as neon and xenon .
in second form science ( at least in the author 's day ) we are taught that the atmosphere [has] roughly four-fifths nitrogen ; one-fifth oxygen ; and traces of carbon dioxide , water vapour , and ‘ rare ’ or ‘ inert ’ gases , such as neon and xenon .

In particular , the air now contains only about 0.05 per cent of carbon dioxide : a trace indeed .
in particular , the air now [has] only about 0.05 per cent of carbon dioxide : a trace indeed .

In addition to carbon dioxide , the atmosphere also contains trace amounts of methane , ammonia , hydrogen , oxides of sulphur and oxides of nitrogen .
in addition to carbon dioxide , the atmosphere also [has] trace amounts of methane , ammonia , hydrogen , oxides of sulphur and oxides of nitrogen .

In addition , many kinds of coal — including the kind found in Britain — contains appreciable amounts of sulphur ; and when it is burnt , this is released as oxides of sulphur .
in addition , many kinds of coal — including the kind found in britain — [has] appreciable amounts of sulphur ; and when it is burnt , this is released as oxides of sulphur .

As shown in this cross section , these mesophyll cells are surrounded by air , which contains the necessary carbon dioxide .
as shown in this cross section , these mesophyll cells are surrounded by air , which [has] the necessary carbon dioxide .

The modern sociobiological approach to evolution contains much of major importance for this inquiry .
the modern sociobiological approach to evolution [has] much of major importance for this inquiry .

All-male groups subject to a resistant collection of small stable harems led by assertive young adults may become relatively nomadic and move to areas where the population cycle is in a different phase and contains larger and less stable harems .
all-male groups subject to a resistant collection of small stable harems led by assertive young adults may become relatively nomadic and move to areas where the population cycle is in a different phase and [has] larger and less stable harems .

The aerosol dry lubricant illustrated contains ptfe powder — the non-stick ingredient used for coating pans .
the aerosol dry lubricant illustrated [has] ptfe powder — the non-stick ingredient used for coating pans .

The draft Approved Document also contains a provision requiring that the first occupants of a dwelling must receive instructions on how to look after the smoke detector system that has been installed .
the draft approved document also [has] a provision requiring that the first occupants of a dwelling must receive instructions on how to look after the smoke detector system that has been installed .

It contains everything you 're likely to need for the minor emergency .
it [has] everything you 're likely to need for the minor emergency .

It contains a set of readable , no-nonsense booklets which offer clear , practical advice on organising and running your business , from its conception and initial preparation to coping with growth .
it [has] a set of readable , no-nonsense booklets which offer clear , practical advice on organising and running your business , from its conception and initial preparation to coping with growth .

The Pack also contains helpful inserts describing clearly the Barclays services which we offer to new and growing businesses .
the pack also [has] helpful inserts describing clearly the barclays services which we offer to new and growing businesses .

If , like many people , you simply feel that you are ‘ a bit run down ’ or not as full of zest for life as you would wish , perhaps you could try ensuring that your diet contains all the nutrients essential for true well-being .
if , like many people , you simply feel that you are ‘ a bit run down ’ or not as full of zest for life as you would wish , perhaps you could try ensuring that your diet [has] all the nutrients essential for true well-being .

It makes the tragedy even more complete , yet at the same time contains the seeds of hope .
it makes the tragedy even more complete , yet at the same time [has] the seeds of hope .

One in every four purchases from your local chemist contains compounds derived from rainforest species .
one in every four purchases from your local chemist [has] compounds derived from rainforest species .

The proposed extension to the National Gallery looked like ‘ a kind of vast municipal fire station — complete with the sort of tower that contains the siren .
the proposed extension to the national gallery looked like ‘ a kind of vast municipal fire station — complete with the sort of tower that [has] the siren .

Bamberg Cathedral in south Germany contains one of the most sinister of all Green Men .
bamberg cathedral in south germany [has] one of the most sinister of all green men .

The latter contains grapefruit extract which maintains an acid pH on the skin 's surface and has a mildly astringent effect on open pores .
the latter [has] grapefruit extract which maintains an acid ph on the skin 's surface and has a mildly astringent effect on open pores .

Our tester tried Nectar Elderflower Neck Gel ( £2.35 for 30g ; call 09603–51580 for mail order ) , which contains apricot and elderflower extract .
our tester tried nectar elderflower neck gel ( £2.35 for 30g ; call 09603–51580 for mail order ) , which [has] apricot and elderflower extract .

The outer building contains a plant room which supplies and keeps constant the air supply , its humidity and temperature .
the outer building [has] a plant room which supplies and keeps constant the air supply , its humidity and temperature .

Tease your Mum this Mother 's Day — give her the new Plénitude Contour Regard from L'Oréal , for her ageing eyes ! The cream contains active liposomes to nourish the skin — and keep her youthful ! It costs £5.99 for 15ml , available from leading chemists .
tease your mum this mother 's day — give her the new plénitude contour regard from l'oréal , for her ageing eyes ! the cream [has] active liposomes to nourish the skin — and keep her youthful ! it costs £5.99 for 15ml , available from leading chemists .

Endless Kiss gives a smooth finish and it contains a protective sunscreen .
endless kiss gives a smooth finish and it [has] a protective sunscreen .

Each sachet contains dry crystals which expand on contact with water to form a solid , ice cube-shaped gel .
each sachet [has] dry crystals which expand on contact with water to form a solid , ice cube-shaped gel .

The destructive action of beetles on timber is rarely as serious as fungal attack because an infected section is only weakened by the combined cross-sectional area of the tunnels it contains — the strength of the surrounding wood remains unimpaired .
the destructive action of beetles on timber is rarely as serious as fungal attack because an infected section is only weakened by the combined cross-sectional area of the tunnels it [has] — the strength of the surrounding wood remains unimpaired .

If the building is of architectural or historical importance , or contains fine built-in furnishings , the Advisory Board may recommend vesting the church in the Redundant Churches Fund .
if the building is of architectural or historical importance , or [has] fine built-in furnishings , the advisory board may recommend vesting the church in the redundant churches fund .

The new ground floor is of in situ concrete and contains horizontal drainage ducts .
the new ground floor is of in situ concrete and [has] horizontal drainage ducts .

The riverside warehouses of the London docklands have become favourite subjects for this treatment during the last decade and an outstanding conversion of one such building — Thames Tunnel Mills — is described in this chapter , while the final chapter of the book contains an analysis of a similar building that has been converted to house a range of new uses , including sixty apartments .
the riverside warehouses of the london docklands have become favourite subjects for this treatment during the last decade and an outstanding conversion of one such building — thames tunnel mills — is described in this chapter , while the final chapter of the book [has] an analysis of a similar building that has been converted to house a range of new uses , including sixty apartments .

Headquarter Company contains the administrative staff of the battalion : clerks , cooks , drivers , mechanics , tailors , storemen and so on .
headquarter company [has] the administrative staff of the battalion : clerks , cooks , drivers , mechanics , tailors , storemen and so on .

Finally there is a support weapons company , which contains the mortar platoon ( their eight 8lmm mortars are the battalion 's own artillery ) ; the Milan platoon , with Milan anti-tank missiles ; the signals platoon , which provides all our communications ; and the reconnaissance platoon , which moves ahead of the rest of the battalion on operations , scouting out the lie of the land and the enemy .
finally there is a support weapons company , which [has] the mortar platoon ( their eight 8lmm mortars are the battalion 's own artillery ) ; the milan platoon , with milan anti-tank missiles ; the signals platoon , which provides all our communications ; and the reconnaissance platoon , which moves ahead of the rest of the battalion on operations , scouting out the lie of the land and the enemy .

Warnie said that there was room only for a clear cut division of opinion — if one is a Catholic , the aumbry contains Our Lord and of course even prostration is hardly reverence enough : but if one is Church of England , it contains but a wafer and a little wine , and why in front of that should one show any greater reverence than in any other part of the church ?
warnie said that there was room only for a clear cut division of opinion — if one is a catholic , the aumbry [has] our lord and of course even prostration is hardly reverence enough : but if one is church of england , it [has] but a wafer and a little wine , and why in front of that should one show any greater reverence than in any other part of the church ?

It is the last bit of that sentence which contains the punch .
it is the last bit of that sentence which [has] the punch .

Every song on the album contains something of my own experience over the last year but the words are applicable to everyone .
every song on the album [has] something of my own experience over the last year but the words are applicable to everyone .

Toothpaste contains cement and seaweed
toothpaste [has] cement and seaweed

We all know that fluoride is added to fight tooth decay but modern toothpaste also contains powdered chalk , aluminium oxide ( found in cement ) to remove plaque , and a derivative of seaweed which is used to thicken it .
we all know that fluoride is added to fight tooth decay but modern toothpaste also [has] powdered chalk , aluminium oxide ( found in cement ) to remove plaque , and a derivative of seaweed which is used to thicken it .

This handy dual-purpose kit contains two buffers .
this handy dual-purpose kit [has] two buffers .

It 's wrong to assume that just because a cream says it contains plant extracts it 's better for your skin .
it 's wrong to assume that just because a cream says it [has] plant extracts it 's better for your skin .

This eye-catching display contains tiny baskets of fruit . Omit the baskets on one side for a buffet table if it is set against the wall
this eye-catching display [has] tiny baskets of fruit . omit the baskets on one side for a buffet table if it is set against the wall

Harewood House , a few miles north of Leeds , contains the richest collection of Chippendale furniture in the world
harewood house , a few miles north of leeds , [has] the richest collection of chippendale furniture in the world

Known as the K-series , the Rover engine contains many innovative features to aid performance , improve economy and reduce service costs considerably .
known as the k-series , the rover engine [has] many innovative features to aid performance , improve economy and reduce service costs considerably .

It contains the massive coffins of several MacDonnell chiefs , a colourful family inextricably linked with this part of Antrim .
it [has] the massive coffins of several macdonnell chiefs , a colourful family inextricably linked with this part of antrim .

Each family contains four siblings : two fundamental particles known as quarks and two known as leptons .
each family [has] four siblings : two fundamental particles known as quarks and two known as leptons .

And even if Nigel Lawson contains inflation and brings interest rates down over the next year , Labour will be able to remind voters ‘ Do n't forget ’ .
and even if nigel lawson [has] inflation and brings interest rates down over the next year , labour will be able to remind voters ‘ do n't forget ’ .

Her book contains plenty of recipes for pork ( slave rations £3 per week ) but only two for beef ( white folk 's food ) .
her book [has] plenty of recipes for pork ( slave rations £3 per week ) but only two for beef ( white folk 's food ) .

Once the death is registered , a white certificate is issued free of charge , which contains a social security form to claim any arrears of benefits due to the estate of the deceased person and to ensure that the correct benefits are paid to the widow ( if applicable ) ; and a green certificate for burial or cremation ( see Section 2 ) .
once the death is registered , a white certificate is issued free of charge , which [has] a social security form to claim any arrears of benefits due to the estate of the deceased person and to ensure that the correct benefits are paid to the widow ( if applicable ) ; and a green certificate for burial or cremation ( see section 2 ) .

Fry 's book contains rather little biographical information , the focus being firmly on Cézanne 's work .
fry 's book [has] rather little biographical information , the focus being firmly on cézanne 's work .

The catalogue amusingly contains some entries with such comments as ‘ Compare and contrast this painting with two works of the ‘ analytical phase ’ .
the catalogue amusingly [has] some entries with such comments as ‘ compare and contrast this painting with two works of the ‘ analytical phase ’ .

The first deals with the reasons of the ( apparent ) diminution of objects as they recede from the eye , and is known as Perspective of Diminution : the second contains the way colours vary as they recede from the eye : the third and last explains how objects should appear less distinct in proportion as they are more remote .
the first deals with the reasons of the ( apparent ) diminution of objects as they recede from the eye , and is known as perspective of diminution : the second [has] the way colours vary as they recede from the eye : the third and last explains how objects should appear less distinct in proportion as they are more remote .

Obviously , each kind of experience necessarily contains elements of the other .
obviously , each kind of experience necessarily [has] elements of the other .

The reading lexicon ( or ‘ visual input lexicon ’ as it is sometimes known ) contains our knowledge of written English word forms .
the reading lexicon ( or ‘ visual input lexicon ’ as it is sometimes known ) [has] our knowledge of written english word forms .

Contains two hormones — oestrogen and progestogen .
[has] two hormones — oestrogen and progestogen .

Sex with a condom that contains nonoxynol spermicide .
sex with a condom that [has] nonoxynol spermicide .

His writing-room on the first floor contains an unprepossessing table and a sideboard , on which sit his word-processor and printer .
his writing-room on the first floor [has] an unprepossessing table and a sideboard , on which sit his word-processor and printer .

It contains more moves , needs a higher level of skill and turns your centre-line clean away from the opponent .
it [has] more moves , needs a higher level of skill and turns your centre-line clean away from the opponent .

While the party contains many who actively seek peace and reconciliation , it would be wrong to think of them in any sense as overcoming the basic conflictual components of bloc power in Ireland .
while the party [has] many who actively seek peace and reconciliation , it would be wrong to think of them in any sense as overcoming the basic conflictual components of bloc power in ireland .

Having become the political expression not just of the state appropriate to Ireland but of Irish catholics as well , the Irish nationalist tradition contained and still contains within its confines a culture of violence antithetical to the church 's traditional teaching .
having become the political expression not just of the state appropriate to ireland but of irish catholics as well , the irish nationalist tradition contained and still [has] within its confines a culture of violence antithetical to the church 's traditional teaching .

What has been seen as an aspect of the Roman catholic intellectual opposition to divorce in Chapter 5 can also be recognized as a feature of the defence of catholic schools too : the opposition contains an interpretation of the moral nature of contemporary society and of what happens to catholics who are not to some degree protected from it .
what has been seen as an aspect of the roman catholic intellectual opposition to divorce in chapter 5 can also be recognized as a feature of the defence of catholic schools too : the opposition [has] an interpretation of the moral nature of contemporary society and of what happens to catholics who are not to some degree protected from it .

It is actually entitled Speke , Porot and contains the following significant variants of the first three stanzas :
it is actually entitled speke , porot and [has] the following significant variants of the first three stanzas :

Material obtained in such circumstances inevitably contains the seeds of a special inside knowledge , avoiding problems described by Liebow ( 1967 : 232–56 ) , who was still separated by cognitive barriers while pursuing research in what was ostensibly his own society , and who found an insider 's language , education , and ‘ social membership ’ all helped to retain boundaries he was unable to penetrate .
material obtained in such circumstances inevitably [has] the seeds of a special inside knowledge , avoiding problems described by liebow ( 1967 : 232–56 ) , who was still separated by cognitive barriers while pursuing research in what was ostensibly his own society , and who found an insider 's language , education , and ‘ social membership ’ all helped to retain boundaries he was unable to penetrate .

Each separation contains symbolic significance , incorporating transitional stages of liminality .
each separation [has] symbolic significance , incorporating transitional stages of liminality .

The Wilde apocrypha contains a joke which says it all — or a fair part of it .
the wilde apocrypha [has] a joke which says it all — or a fair part of it .

Pasta contains complex carbohydrates so takes time to be digested .
pasta [has] complex carbohydrates so takes time to be digested .

The mode of infection is by the mother 's blood , which contains treponemes .
the mode of infection is by the mother 's blood , which [has] treponemes .

There is no head as such , but instead there is a small protuberance at the front end , which contains the mouth parts .
there is no head as such , but instead there is a small protuberance at the front end , which [has] the mouth parts .

There are such plains , but the typical profile of the seabed is one that contains gigantic mountain ranges , innumerable equally huge volcanoes , and gorges of a depth never dreamed of furrowing the deep-sea floor .
there are such plains , but the typical profile of the seabed is one that [has] gigantic mountain ranges , innumerable equally huge volcanoes , and gorges of a depth never dreamed of furrowing the deep-sea floor .

The recorder is being transported inside a specially fabricated container to the Air Accident Investigation branch of the Department of Transport at Farnborough , where the data it contains will be processed .
the recorder is being transported inside a specially fabricated container to the air accident investigation branch of the department of transport at farnborough , where the data it [has] will be processed .

The chest strap ( comfortable to wear when running ) contains a transmitter which sends signals to the wrist strap .
the chest strap ( comfortable to wear when running ) [has] a transmitter which sends signals to the wrist strap .

The human body contains more than 100g of cholesterol .
the human body [has] more than 100g of cholesterol .

Although mayonnaise can give spice to sandwiches , pancake fillings , dips , jacket potato toppings as well as salads , dieters usually resist as just one tablespoon ( 15g ) of ordinary mayonnaise contains 108 calories .
although mayonnaise can give spice to sandwiches , pancake fillings , dips , jacket potato toppings as well as salads , dieters usually resist as just one tablespoon ( 15g ) of ordinary mayonnaise [has] 108 calories .

It contains honey , almond oil , protein , silicone and organic herbs .
it [has] honey , almond oil , protein , silicone and organic herbs .

If your susceptible use a total sunblock like White Lips by Hawaiian Tropic ( £2.95 ) , which contains zinc oxide .
if your susceptible use a total sunblock like white lips by hawaiian tropic ( £2.95 ) , which [has] zinc oxide .

Such technologically advanced ranges include Clinique 's Super Lipsticks , and Estée Lauder 's Perfect Lipstick which contains Hydramoist Complex to rehydrate .
such technologically advanced ranges include clinique 's super lipsticks , and estée lauder 's perfect lipstick which [has] hydramoist complex to rehydrate .

Almost every haircare range now contains an intensive conditioner for hair that 's become dry through heated styling products , colouring and perming .
almost every haircare range now [has] an intensive conditioner for hair that 's become dry through heated styling products , colouring and perming .

It contains ivy extract to tone , butcher 's broom which helps to stimulate circulation and mateine , believed by Frenchwomen to help fat dissolve .
it [has] ivy extract to tone , butcher 's broom which helps to stimulate circulation and mateine , believed by frenchwomen to help fat dissolve .

The Art of the Daguerrotype ( Viking , £20 ) contains 65 of these exquisite old photographs .
the art of the daguerrotype ( viking , £20 ) [has] 65 of these exquisite old photographs .

But that secret passage contains a one-way valve : there is an asymmetry .
but that secret passage [has] a one-way valve : there is an asymmetry .

The creation account in the Book of Genesis contains a beautiful picture of God walking with Adam and Eve in the cool of the evening , in the garden they had created and cultivated in harmony with each other .
the creation account in the book of genesis [has] a beautiful picture of god walking with adam and eve in the cool of the evening , in the garden they had created and cultivated in harmony with each other .

Where the product contains an active ingredient , possible mechanisms of degradation of the ingredient should be considered and investigated , e.g .
where the product [has] an active ingredient , possible mechanisms of degradation of the ingredient should be considered and investigated , e.g .

Today , the old banqueting hall no longer contains a table and that spacious room , with its high and magnificent ceiling , serves Mr Farraday well as a sort of gallery .
today , the old banqueting hall no longer [has] a table and that spacious room , with its high and magnificent ceiling , serves mr farraday well as a sort of gallery .

The photographic archive of the Crown Agents in London contains a magnificent record of these stations in their pristine condition .
the photographic archive of the crown agents in london [has] a magnificent record of these stations in their pristine condition .

Prepare a brief report or booklet about the area — its history and any interesting information about the buildings it contains , some of which may already be listed .
prepare a brief report or booklet about the area — its history and any interesting information about the buildings it [has] , some of which may already be listed .

Mentmore contains , after the Wallace Collection and Waddesdon , the finest collection of eighteenth-century French furniture in England — one of the best in the world .
mentmore [has] , after the wallace collection and waddesdon , the finest collection of eighteenth-century french furniture in england — one of the best in the world .

The planned and formulaic rationality of the Enlightenment , according to the critique , is increasingly marked by the familiar , the conventional and by ‘ sameness ’ : a sameness which need not exclude difference , but contains it within the rational , functional and acceptable forms of its own choosing .
the planned and formulaic rationality of the enlightenment , according to the critique , is increasingly marked by the familiar , the conventional and by ‘ sameness ’ : a sameness which need not exclude difference , but [has] it within the rational , functional and acceptable forms of its own choosing .

They say it contains eight per cent alcohol , and the locals down it by the gallon .
they say it [has] eight per cent alcohol , and the locals down it by the gallon .

For instance , Gombrich 's much-prescribed ‘ The Story of Art ’ contains barely two pages on the entire subject .
for instance , gombrich 's much-prescribed ‘ the story of art ’ [has] barely two pages on the entire subject .

Storia 5 contains fourteen articles ( fact and fiction ) on the state of Britain today from a selection of contemporary female British writers , and foreign writers based in this country .
storia 5 [has] fourteen articles ( fact and fiction ) on the state of britain today from a selection of contemporary female british writers , and foreign writers based in this country .

There is no point booking a package holiday — this contains the essentially free spirit of the tack traveller .
there is no point booking a package holiday — this [has] the essentially free spirit of the tack traveller .

The Market Square , which lies at the junction of the two main streets , contains the Butter Cross , a medieval meeting place which has a steeply gabled roof surmounted by a clock turret from 1683 .
the market square , which lies at the junction of the two main streets , [has] the butter cross , a medieval meeting place which has a steeply gabled roof surmounted by a clock turret from 1683 .

This area contains some of the best designed and well-kept Georgian houses in the town , as well as a 19th .
this area [has] some of the best designed and well-kept georgian houses in the town , as well as a 19th .

The Long Library , almost 200 ft. long is considered to be the room of the most outstanding beauty for it contains over 10,000 books plus various paintings by Van Dyck and Reynolds .
the long library , almost 200 ft. long is considered to be the room of the most outstanding beauty for it [has] over 10,000 books plus various paintings by van dyck and reynolds .

The grounds , 2000 acres of parkland , was designed by the famous Capability Brown which contains a large man-made lake crossed by the Grand Bridge designed by Vanbrugh and is reputed to be the finest bridge in Europe .
the grounds , 2000 acres of parkland , was designed by the famous capability brown which [has] a large man-made lake crossed by the grand bridge designed by vanbrugh and is reputed to be the finest bridge in europe .

But it contains the hallmarks of a last-minute compromise with conservative critics of the market system .
but it [has] the hallmarks of a last-minute compromise with conservative critics of the market system .

The bill contains a host of other pollution measures including long-awaited improvements to waste regulation , increased powers for local authorities to control air pollution , updating of radioactive waste regulatuions , new measures on recycling , litter and dog mess .
the bill [has] a host of other pollution measures including long-awaited improvements to waste regulation , increased powers for local authorities to control air pollution , updating of radioactive waste regulatuions , new measures on recycling , litter and dog mess .

The structure of English Conservatism since the Restoration has the outward appearance of a ‘ central text ’ for an undergraduate special subject in British Conservatism , in that the book is split into six conceptual and period sections , each of which contains an interpretative essay followed by extracts from contemporary sources .
the structure of english conservatism since the restoration has the outward appearance of a ‘ central text ’ for an undergraduate special subject in british conservatism , in that the book is split into six conceptual and period sections , each of which [has] an interpretative essay followed by extracts from contemporary sources .

It contains some fascinating material , but not on the central issues of twentieth century British secret service history .
it [has] some fascinating material , but not on the central issues of twentieth century british secret service history .

Inside is a long , uncarpeted prison-like corridor with bedrooms on either side of it , a television lounge which is furnished in the drabbest possible manner and a recreation room which contains nothing but a few wooden chairs and tables .
inside is a long , uncarpeted prison-like corridor with bedrooms on either side of it , a television lounge which is furnished in the drabbest possible manner and a recreation room which [has] nothing but a few wooden chairs and tables .

The initial word ‘ everyone ’ in Article 25 ( and in most of the other Articles ) — however illogically linked with ‘ his family ’ — contains the same fallacy as ‘ all men ’ in the Declaration of 1776 : ‘ rights ’ are not an attribute of individuals but a description of societies .
the initial word ‘ everyone ’ in article 25 ( and in most of the other articles ) — however illogically linked with ‘ his family ’ — [has] the same fallacy as ‘ all men ’ in the declaration of 1776 : ‘ rights ’ are not an attribute of individuals but a description of societies .

In one version , the space beneath the seat contains a small , stuffed cayman and , as this is the equivalent of the space beneath her skirts , there are obvious psycho-sexual overtones .
in one version , the space beneath the seat [has] a small , stuffed cayman and , as this is the equivalent of the space beneath her skirts , there are obvious psycho-sexual overtones .

It is n't that ; the more so since Callinicos ' contribution contains a significantly original dimension .
it is n't that ; the more so since callinicos ' contribution [has] a significantly original dimension .

Callinicos ' criticism of the ‘ postmodern ’ hypothesis contains a range of emphases , the three principal ones of which are : First : advocates of the postmodern in art ( which attains uncommon prominence in so far as the ‘ postmodern ’ is powerfully underwritten by a claimed distinction from Modernism ) , tend to misread the modern and arrogate its defining characteristics to their own period .
callinicos ' criticism of the ‘ postmodern ’ hypothesis [has] a range of emphases , the three principal ones of which are : first : advocates of the postmodern in art ( which attains uncommon prominence in so far as the ‘ postmodern ’ is powerfully underwritten by a claimed distinction from modernism ) , tend to misread the modern and arrogate its defining characteristics to their own period .

This defence of Marxism carries over , however , to a critique of Modernism itself : not merely for the fact that Nietzsche attaches ‘ importance ’ to art but for the further claim ascribed to him , and therefore to Modernism itself , that ‘ the nature of aesthetic experience contains in nuce the form of understanding proper to the world itself ( p. 66 ) .
this defence of marxism carries over , however , to a critique of modernism itself : not merely for the fact that nietzsche attaches ‘ importance ’ to art but for the further claim ascribed to him , and therefore to modernism itself , that ‘ the nature of aesthetic experience [has] in nuce the form of understanding proper to the world itself ( p. 66 ) .

The second section , which is less focused and less easy to characterise , contains discussion of perspective machines and other technical aids as well as theories of perception .
the second section , which is less focused and less easy to characterise , [has] discussion of perspective machines and other technical aids as well as theories of perception .

As with any legal document , a record contract contains clauses and phrases which are not easily understood by the layman .
as with any legal document , a record contract [has] clauses and phrases which are not easily understood by the layman .

This spray-on waterproof contains a high percentage of silicone and is suitable for use on fabric , suede and leather .
this spray-on waterproof [has] a high percentage of silicone and is suitable for use on fabric , suede and leather .

Just how strongly Eliot was spurred on to emphasize the connections between sex and religion at this time is seen in ‘ The Hippopotamus ’ ( 1917 ) which contains one of his most shocking jokes :
just how strongly eliot was spurred on to emphasize the connections between sex and religion at this time is seen in ‘ the hippopotamus ’ ( 1917 ) which [has] one of his most shocking jokes :

’ Frazer also mentions a sanctuary whose mephitic area contains only ‘ the eunuch priests of the Great Mother Goddess ’ , who have ‘ a look on their faces as if they were being choked ’ .
’ frazer also mentions a sanctuary whose mephitic area [has] only ‘ the eunuch priests of the great mother goddess ’ , who have ‘ a look on their faces as if they were being choked ’ .

What appears to be one of the earliest sections of the manuscripts the section beginning ‘ So through the evening , through the violet air ’ ( dating from c.1914 ) contains an arresting image which would find its way into the final poem .
what appears to be one of the earliest sections of the manuscripts the section beginning ‘ so through the evening , through the violet air ’ ( dating from c.1914 ) [has] an arresting image which would find its way into the final poem .

‘ Journey of the Magi ’ , written in 1927 , contains not only material quoted in Eliot 's 1926 survey , ‘ Lancelot Andrewes ’ , and recollections from Eliot 's own life ( some of which he catalogued when reminiscing in The Use of Poetry and the Use of Criticism ) .
‘ journey of the magi ’ , written in 1927 , [has] not only material quoted in eliot 's 1926 survey , ‘ lancelot andrewes ’ , and recollections from eliot 's own life ( some of which he catalogued when reminiscing in the use of poetry and the use of criticism ) .

But certainly here , for the clearest moment in Eliot 's later plays the savage and the Christian are joined in reproach of the oversophisticated city ; , though it is essential , too , to remember that that city also contains Sir Henry Harcourt-Reilly whom Eliot once described as possibly ‘ a god in the machine ’ .
but certainly here , for the clearest moment in eliot 's later plays the savage and the christian are joined in reproach of the oversophisticated city ; , though it is essential , too , to remember that that city also [has] sir henry harcourt-reilly whom eliot once described as possibly ‘ a god in the machine ’ .

The Conservative electorate in the 1980s contains two significant groups .
the conservative electorate in the 1980s [has] two significant groups .

It is a testimony to the pervasiveness and tenacity of the homophobic tendencies of the psychoanalytic tradition that , despite the acute awareness on the part of feminists appropriating both Freud and Lacan that the writing of both contains anti-feminist tendencies , its homophobic dimensions are sometimes actively perpetuated in feminist accounts of sexual difference theory .
it is a testimony to the pervasiveness and tenacity of the homophobic tendencies of the psychoanalytic tradition that , despite the acute awareness on the part of feminists appropriating both freud and lacan that the writing of both [has] anti-feminist tendencies , its homophobic dimensions are sometimes actively perpetuated in feminist accounts of sexual difference theory .

Either nature does not contain it or nature contains too much to be conceived any longer as natural .
either nature does not contain it or nature [has] too much to be conceived any longer as natural .

This contains a much lengthier and more important consideration of tribal social organization , as well as of classical and oriental societies .
this [has] a much lengthier and more important consideration of tribal social organization , as well as of classical and oriental societies .

The family , however , already contains within itself the seeds of latent exploitation in the ability of the male head to control the labour of women and children [ p. 52 ] .
the family , however , already [has] within itself the seeds of latent exploitation in the ability of the male head to control the labour of women and children [ p. 52 ] .

It is not surprising that the references to the past it contains are very brief .
it is not surprising that the references to the past it [has] are very brief .

The famous Chapter 5 of the first book , which deals with the transformation of labour from a stage where it is a ‘ part of life ’ to a stage under capitalism when it takes on the imaginary form of a thing separate from the labourer , when it can be bought and sold , is worked out in Formen , in the discussion of tribal , oriental , and ancient societies which it contains .
the famous chapter 5 of the first book , which deals with the transformation of labour from a stage where it is a ‘ part of life ’ to a stage under capitalism when it takes on the imaginary form of a thing separate from the labourer , when it can be bought and sold , is worked out in formen , in the discussion of tribal , oriental , and ancient societies which it [has] .

For example , this month 's issue of Psychology Today contains the result of a study of the pace of life in 36 American cities .
for example , this month 's issue of psychology today [has] the result of a study of the pace of life in 36 american cities .

The book also contains a list of companies , with their headquarters and additional manufacturing and corporate information .
the book also [has] a list of companies , with their headquarters and additional manufacturing and corporate information .

Janssen 's Fine Chemicals Catalogue , which contains more than 12,000 different products , fully illustrates this evolution .
janssen 's fine chemicals catalogue , which [has] more than 12,000 different products , fully illustrates this evolution .

The company has created and maintained a database , which contains all the relevant information for each product , including physical properties and toxicological values , as well as packaging instructions .
the company has created and maintained a database , which [has] all the relevant information for each product , including physical properties and toxicological values , as well as packaging instructions .

The company 's database of reactions contains information on over 500,000 compounds , and the expertise to operate many of these on a commercial scale had been built up from several decades of process development by Kodak , Eastman and Sterling .
the company 's database of reactions [has] information on over 500,000 compounds , and the expertise to operate many of these on a commercial scale had been built up from several decades of process development by kodak , eastman and sterling .

The book contains seven chapters written by a collection of authors who are obviously highly experienced .
the book [has] seven chapters written by a collection of authors who are obviously highly experienced .

This interesting review contains information vital to chemical and environmental information specialists , toxicologists , ecotoxicologists , ecologists , professional water chemists , and many others .
this interesting review [has] information vital to chemical and environmental information specialists , toxicologists , ecotoxicologists , ecologists , professional water chemists , and many others .

It was noted that a resources register questionnaire would be circulated with the Women Chemists Newsletter No 4 in order to update current information and to introduce new women to the register which already contains details of the particular expertise of over 800 women .
it was noted that a resources register questionnaire would be circulated with the women chemists newsletter no 4 in order to update current information and to introduce new women to the register which already [has] details of the particular expertise of over 800 women .

For those who have never seen or handled one of the Miller Dictionaries , it is perhaps worth mentioning that the eighth edition ( 1768 ) weighs 17½ lbs ( c.8kg ) , contains 333 folio sheets and measures 430 × 90 mm ( 666 sides of text ) .
for those who have never seen or handled one of the miller dictionaries , it is perhaps worth mentioning that the eighth edition ( 1768 ) weighs 17½ lbs ( c.8kg ) , [has] 333 folio sheets and measures 430 × 90 mm ( 666 sides of text ) .

This paper was probably circulated amongst those interested and Miller 's advice followed , as the Register of Premiums and Bounties of the Royal Society of Arts contains many awards for the cultivation of madder , particularly in East Anglia and Kent , during the years 1755–67 .
this paper was probably circulated amongst those interested and miller 's advice followed , as the register of premiums and bounties of the royal society of arts [has] many awards for the cultivation of madder , particularly in east anglia and kent , during the years 1755–67 .

Miller 's Gardener 's Kalendar , published in fifteen editions between 1732 and 1765 , catered for the modest gardener who needed practical advice and the Preface again contains some personal comment , rarely apparent even in his correspondence .
miller 's gardener 's kalendar , published in fifteen editions between 1732 and 1765 , catered for the modest gardener who needed practical advice and the preface again [has] some personal comment , rarely apparent even in his correspondence .

But his article also contains a distinctly Thatcherite defence of ‘ now derided Victorian values ’ .
but his article also [has] a distinctly thatcherite defence of ‘ now derided victorian values ’ .

Volume 1 , dealing with colorants , contains seven chapters from five contributors .
volume 1 , dealing with colorants , [has] seven chapters from five contributors .

As is usual with texts in this series , this book contains an analyte index as well as a general index , for easy reference .
as is usual with texts in this series , this book [has] an analyte index as well as a general index , for easy reference .

Most of the Western world 's best sites have now been developed but potential still exists in less developed countries ; Zaire , for example , contains half of Africa 's hydro-electric potential .
most of the western world 's best sites have now been developed but potential still exists in less developed countries ; zaire , for example , [has] half of africa 's hydro-electric potential .

Newspapers and television implore us to slit all the candy open to ensure that it contains no foreign body .
newspapers and television implore us to slit all the candy open to ensure that it [has] no foreign body .

England 's Under-21 squad for tomorrow 's match against Poland contains six changes from the original 16 .
england 's under-21 squad for tomorrow 's match against poland [has] six changes from the original 16 .

The cemetery , which probably contains at least 300 Dark Age graves , may have been used by the inhabitants of a statelet possibly known as the Barringas - ‘ the people of Barra ’ .
the cemetery , which probably [has] at least 300 dark age graves , may have been used by the inhabitants of a statelet possibly known as the barringas - ‘ the people of barra ’ .

The cemetery , which contains graves of men , women and children , covers about 15,000 square yards .
the cemetery , which [has] graves of men , women and children , covers about 15,000 square yards .

The key issues are , on the one hand , the proper legal classification of an offence which contains some exculpatory features , and , on the other , the distribution of decision-making power between the judge , the jury , and the executive .
the key issues are , on the one hand , the proper legal classification of an offence which [has] some exculpatory features , and , on the other , the distribution of decision-making power between the judge , the jury , and the executive .

English law contains a number of offences which penalize the driving of a car on a road in a manner which may cause harm .
english law [has] a number of offences which penalize the driving of a car on a road in a manner which may cause harm .

Section 16 contains an offence of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , which corresponds to the offence under section 3 of the Explosives Act .
section 16 [has] an offence of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , which corresponds to the offence under section 3 of the explosives act .

Section 51 of the Police Act 1964 contains the offence of assaulting a police-officer in the execution of his or her duty .
section 51 of the police act 1964 [has] the offence of assaulting a police-officer in the execution of his or her duty .

Although this precise reasoning is of doubtful relevance today , it contains the seeds of an argument to the effect that the public interest lies in having a society with fit and healthy citizens .
although this precise reasoning is of doubtful relevance today , it [has] the seeds of an argument to the effect that the public interest lies in having a society with fit and healthy citizens .

The Offences against the Person Act 1861 contains a number of crimes concerned with the administration of noxious or toxic substances .
the offences against the person act 1861 [has] a number of crimes concerned with the administration of noxious or toxic substances .

Section 1 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 contains an elaborately worded offence which may be termed ‘ child neglect ’ .
section 1 of the children and young persons act 1933 [has] an elaborately worded offence which may be termed ‘ child neglect ’ .

The Mental Health Act 1983 contains a somewhat similar offence of ill-treating or wilfully neglecting a patient in a mental hospital , which has a maximum penalty of two years ' imprisonment .
the mental health act 1983 [has] a somewhat similar offence of ill-treating or wilfully neglecting a patient in a mental hospital , which has a maximum penalty of two years ' imprisonment .

The Firearms Act 1968 sets out to control the possession of firearms and ammunition , and contains several offences .
the firearms act 1968 sets out to control the possession of firearms and ammunition , and [has] several offences .

The Act also contains a number of aggravated offences of possessing a firearm with various intents , and these were set out in Chapter 7.7 above .
the act also [has] a number of aggravated offences of possessing a firearm with various intents , and these were set out in chapter 7.7 above .

English criminal law contains a number of discrete offences of endangerment , created in particular circumstances to deal with particular problems .
english criminal law [has] a number of discrete offences of endangerment , created in particular circumstances to deal with particular problems .

The versatile Starter Kit contains not only a 50ft Soakerhose , but also 10ft of garden hose , and a set of hose couplings , plus a flow control regulator and a 16-page instruction manual .
the versatile starter kit [has] not only a 50ft soakerhose , but also 10ft of garden hose , and a set of hose couplings , plus a flow control regulator and a 16-page instruction manual .

The great library contains one of the best collections of ancient manuscripts of the Hispanic civilizations , including the most complete copy of an extraordinary medieval poem , El libro de buen amor ( The Book of Good Love ) by Juan Ruiz , dated 1343 in its second version , which Menendez Pelayo praises thus : ‘ Juan Ruiz , Archpriest of Hita , wrote the comic epic of an entire epoch in his multiform book , the Human Comedy of the 14th Century .
the great library [has] one of the best collections of ancient manuscripts of the hispanic civilizations , including the most complete copy of an extraordinary medieval poem , el libro de buen amor ( the book of good love ) by juan ruiz , dated 1343 in its second version , which menendez pelayo praises thus : ‘ juan ruiz , archpriest of hita , wrote the comic epic of an entire epoch in his multiform book , the human comedy of the 14th century .

Gang Starr 's album ‘ Manifesto ’ ( out this month on Cooltempo Records ) contains some powerful social commentary rooted in ‘ life experience in New York : stick-up kids , pimping , drug dealing .
gang starr 's album ‘ manifesto ’ ( out this month on cooltempo records ) [has] some powerful social commentary rooted in ‘ life experience in new york : stick-up kids , pimping , drug dealing .

She enjoys propagating , the rose garden contains pinks and martagon and regale lilies from seed .
she enjoys propagating , the rose garden [has] pinks and martagon and regale lilies from seed .

Much early copper contains a small percentage of arsenic and this , arsenical copper , was the first alloy to be put to practical use throughout the ancient world .
much early copper [has] a small percentage of arsenic and this , arsenical copper , was the first alloy to be put to practical use throughout the ancient world .

Provided that iron contains some carbon , introduced by carburisation ( heating under charcoal ) , it can be hardened by quenching , that is by cooling rapidly in oil or water .
provided that iron [has] some carbon , introduced by carburisation ( heating under charcoal ) , it can be hardened by quenching , that is by cooling rapidly in oil or water .

However there is still the slightly bizarre picture of flint being carefully transported from the South Downs northwards over 350 km , along the Icknield Way into East Anglia on the Chalk ridge which contains countless tonnes of flint nodules perhaps 1 0 m below the surface .
however there is still the slightly bizarre picture of flint being carefully transported from the south downs northwards over 350 km , along the icknield way into east anglia on the chalk ridge which [has] countless tonnes of flint nodules perhaps 1 0 m below the surface .

This attitude contains a basic paradox in regarding woman as both sacred and evil .
this attitude [has] a basic paradox in regarding woman as both sacred and evil .

In fact , nineteenth century pornography contains examples of one woman making love to another using her huge clitoris as a penis .
in fact , nineteenth century pornography [has] examples of one woman making love to another using her huge clitoris as a penis .

It contains a number of impurities the sum of which are known as water hardness salts .
it [has] a number of impurities the sum of which are known as water hardness salts .

The pack contains twelve action booklets , one for each month , together with a time management pamphlet explaining how to make better use of your time and how to utilise the monthly work books .
the pack [has] twelve action booklets , one for each month , together with a time management pamphlet explaining how to make better use of your time and how to utilise the monthly work books .

The entrance to the tower is through the Hazemburk Chapel ( 5 ) which contains a fresco ( 1631 ) by Matthias Mayer .
the entrance to the tower is through the hazemburk chapel ( 5 ) which [has] a fresco ( 1631 ) by matthias mayer .

The New Sacristy ( 20 ) contains copies of the busts from the triforium .
the new sacristy ( 20 ) [has] copies of the busts from the triforium .

St Ludmila 's Chapel at the bottom of the steps at the side of the chancel contains a tombstone of 1380 .
st ludmila 's chapel at the bottom of the steps at the side of the chancel [has] a tombstone of 1380 .

Now it contains some good bookshops and some shops that are tourist traps .
now it [has] some good bookshops and some shops that are tourist traps .

It is well worth visiting and contains facsimiles of many fine and interesting manuscripts , but be prepared for the fact that it is geared to schools and is therefore rather didactic .
it is well worth visiting and [has] facsimiles of many fine and interesting manuscripts , but be prepared for the fact that it is geared to schools and is therefore rather didactic .

It is a Hall of Mirrors built in 1891 , the last room of which contains a panorama of the battle against the Swedish troops in 1648 .
it is a hall of mirrors built in 1891 , the last room of which [has] a panorama of the battle against the swedish troops in 1648 .

This was built before 1650 and contains good stucco in the interior by Domenico Galli which seems rather wasted as the palace is now a Museum of Sports .
this was built before 1650 and [has] good stucco in the interior by domenico galli which seems rather wasted as the palace is now a museum of sports .

The first room contains the late medieval and early Renaissance collection .
the first room [has] the late medieval and early renaissance collection .

‘ The first impulse of every critic of postmodernism ’ , Ihab Hassan recently suggested , ‘ is still to relate it to the semanteme it contains : namely , modernism ’ ( Hassan 1987a : 214 ) .
‘ the first impulse of every critic of postmodernism ’ , ihab hassan recently suggested , ‘ is still to relate it to the semanteme it [has] : namely , modernism ’ ( hassan 1987a : 214 ) .

The novel contains traces of an autobiographical plot-line in which a fictionalized young Federman comes by boat to America and meets his uncle in New York .
the novel [has] traces of an autobiographical plot-line in which a fictionalized young federman comes by boat to america and meets his uncle in new york .

An ‘ atrophied preface ’ , typically at the end of the boom , contains a mock Whitmanesque statement of stylistic plenty where Burroughs whips up its visual and aural multiplicity : ‘ This book spills off the page in all directions , kaleidoscope of vistas , medley of tunes and street noises , farts and riot yipes … ’ ( Burroughs 1968 , 255 ) .
an ‘ atrophied preface ’ , typically at the end of the boom , [has] a mock whitmanesque statement of stylistic plenty where burroughs whips up its visual and aural multiplicity : ‘ this book spills off the page in all directions , kaleidoscope of vistas , medley of tunes and street noises , farts and riot yipes … ’ ( burroughs 1968 , 255 ) .

Far left , view of the concourse/café area showing the enclosed façade of the original building . Left , a curving wall contains the stairwell
far left , view of the concourse/café area showing the enclosed façade of the original building . left , a curving wall [has] the stairwell

The framework contains wireways , giving considerable cable-carrying capacity , both vertically and horizontally .
the framework [has] wireways , giving considerable cable-carrying capacity , both vertically and horizontally .

Weather the central heating is on or not , dry towels are possible all the year round with Bisque 's Arbonia towel radiator , which contains a small electric heating cartridge .
weather the central heating is on or not , dry towels are possible all the year round with bisque 's arbonia towel radiator , which [has] a small electric heating cartridge .

This , too , contains a host of problems .
this , too , [has] a host of problems .

Many are apocryphal , although where a thatcher makes use of straw which contains a few ears of grain , rats may be a problem .
many are apocryphal , although where a thatcher makes use of straw which [has] a few ears of grain , rats may be a problem .

It contains explicit commitments to Euro-federalism , as well as such anathematised pieces of social law as a European minimum working wage and maximum working week .
it [has] explicit commitments to euro-federalism , as well as such anathematised pieces of social law as a european minimum working wage and maximum working week .

The document contains many guidelines .
the document [has] many guidelines .

Johnny Rogan himself is at a loss to explain what he has done to provoke the wrath of the former Smith , while Morrissey says that the book contains certain inaccuracies about his Mancunian past .
johnny rogan himself is at a loss to explain what he has done to provoke the wrath of the former smith , while morrissey says that the book [has] certain inaccuracies about his mancunian past .

And here is a place where nice need not mean too naughty — the creamless syllabub is made with Tofu , the dandelion coffee mousse contains agar agar , and the all-time favourite is a gravity defying lemon meringue pie .
and here is a place where nice need not mean too naughty — the creamless syllabub is made with tofu , the dandelion coffee mousse [has] agar agar , and the all-time favourite is a gravity defying lemon meringue pie .

Left : Sadolin 's Classic is water repellent and contains fungicide
left : sadolin 's classic is water repellent and [has] fungicide

This kit contains a blade suitable for cutting wood with nails , plasterboard and non-ferrous metals ; a fast-cutting blade for wood and plastics ; a blade for iron and non-ferrous metals ; a rough/fast cut blade for wood ; and a useful flexible blade for non-ferrous metals .
this kit [has] a blade suitable for cutting wood with nails , plasterboard and non-ferrous metals ; a fast-cutting blade for wood and plastics ; a blade for iron and non-ferrous metals ; a rough/fast cut blade for wood ; and a useful flexible blade for non-ferrous metals .

All you have to do is study the picture printed on the Entry Form , circle the 10 deliberate d-i-y mistakes it contains , and locate the hidden bottle of Guinness Original , which you should also highlight with a circle .
all you have to do is study the picture printed on the entry form , circle the 10 deliberate d-i-y mistakes it [has] , and locate the hidden bottle of guinness original , which you should also highlight with a circle .

contains horrific pictures of children in agony , car crashes caused by skids on leaves and Fred Astaire .
[has] horrific pictures of children in agony , car crashes caused by skids on leaves and fred astaire .

The Circular also contains appendices and annexes which discuss related issues , and which report the statements by the Secretary of State for Social Security on eligibility for Income Support of residents of transferred homes .
the circular also [has] appendices and annexes which discuss related issues , and which report the statements by the secretary of state for social security on eligibility for income support of residents of transferred homes .

The report , drawn up following a study commissioned by the Department of Health in 1989 , contains guidelines on how best to manage and organise waiting lists .
the report , drawn up following a study commissioned by the department of health in 1989 , [has] guidelines on how best to manage and organise waiting lists .

This guide contains information about specific medical conditions which may affect older people in residential and nursing homes and other places where they may be cared for — such as hotels and guest houses .
this guide [has] information about specific medical conditions which may affect older people in residential and nursing homes and other places where they may be cared for — such as hotels and guest houses .

It contains practical suggestions for different activities , and includes a set of worksheets which can be photocopied to help with planning and record keeping .
it [has] practical suggestions for different activities , and includes a set of worksheets which can be photocopied to help with planning and record keeping .

It is true that we are more enlightened than we were ; there is a public which has learnt to smile at the reviewer who declares that a line ‘ will not scan ’ , or that it contains a ‘ trochee ’ where it should have had an ‘ iamb ’ , without considering whether it was ever intended to ‘ scan ’ , or whether there is anything in English verse which can be treated as the absolute equivalent of a Greek or Latin trochee .
it is true that we are more enlightened than we were ; there is a public which has learnt to smile at the reviewer who declares that a line ‘ will not scan ’ , or that it [has] a ‘ trochee ’ where it should have had an ‘ iamb ’ , without considering whether it was ever intended to ‘ scan ’ , or whether there is anything in english verse which can be treated as the absolute equivalent of a greek or latin trochee .

Each 1.6Gflops module , of Giga Cube , contains 18 T9000s .
each 1.6gflops module , of giga cube , [has] 18 t9000s .

Chemically it contains about 1.5 % excess arsenic in the form of crystal defects .
chemically it [has] about 1.5 % excess arsenic in the form of crystal defects .

The code contains the scheduled time of the start of the programme , plus day of the month .
the code [has] the scheduled time of the start of the programme , plus day of the month .

Proximity to the Atlantic means rainfall in Britain contains quite a lot of dissolved salts from the sea .
proximity to the atlantic means rainfall in britain [has] quite a lot of dissolved salts from the sea .

’ What is true of Nietzsche is surely true of Derrida , of whom there are many competing versions ; Norris presumably believes that his contains the truth , without distancing quotation marks .
’ what is true of nietzsche is surely true of derrida , of whom there are many competing versions ; norris presumably believes that his [has] the truth , without distancing quotation marks .

Yet it contains a contradiction , since the class-struggle , or more generally the struggle against oppression , is thought of as always visibly at work in history in a clearly timeless way .
yet it [has] a contradiction , since the class-struggle , or more generally the struggle against oppression , is thought of as always visibly at work in history in a clearly timeless way .

This type of device is repeated again and again in other works whose music contains similar passages .
this type of device is repeated again and again in other works whose music [has] similar passages .

Dance is a language which contains verbs ( or steps ) that give continuity and lead up to , through and from the nouns to create a design in movement .
dance is a language which [has] verbs ( or steps ) that give continuity and lead up to , through and from the nouns to create a design in movement .

Probably the highest-priced mall around the capital , Mazza contains a branch of Nieman-Marcus , the Texas-based department store whose prices are beyond belief and whose Christmas catalogues contain such essentials as solid gold swizzle sticks and stuffed toys with diamonds for eyes .
probably the highest-priced mall around the capital , mazza [has] a branch of nieman-marcus , the texas-based department store whose prices are beyond belief and whose christmas catalogues contain such essentials as solid gold swizzle sticks and stuffed toys with diamonds for eyes .

Another small extension contains a small forge and workshop , where the millwright carried out repairs .
another small extension [has] a small forge and workshop , where the millwright carried out repairs .

The mill still contains its iron half-breast shot wheel together with all the machinery , stones etc , although much of this has been idle since the early 1950s and has fallen into disrepair .
the mill still [has] its iron half-breast shot wheel together with all the machinery , stones etc , although much of this has been idle since the early 1950s and has fallen into disrepair .

If the display contains a short written piece by the teacher giving a little background about its purpose and merits then attention of visitors and others has a focus and they can join in fully with the celebration .
if the display [has] a short written piece by the teacher giving a little background about its purpose and merits then attention of visitors and others has a focus and they can join in fully with the celebration .

The effluent from paper making contains 10 to 100 times the amount of contaminants produced in the manufacture of polystyrene foam .
the effluent from paper making [has] 10 to 100 times the amount of contaminants produced in the manufacture of polystyrene foam .

What information has been gathered contains some subtle but ominous signs .
what information has been gathered [has] some subtle but ominous signs .

Then the flow ceases although the tyre still contains air .
then the flow ceases although the tyre still [has] air .

Also , the aquifer itself is slightly elastic ; the pressure of the groundwater it contains forces apart the mineral grains and increases the volume of the pores slightly .
also , the aquifer itself is slightly elastic ; the pressure of the groundwater it [has] forces apart the mineral grains and increases the volume of the pores slightly .

Although it still contains air , it can no longer support the weight of the car .
although it still [has] air , it can no longer support the weight of the car .

If the rock is weak , or contains weak layers , it may be compressed and the ground above could subside .
if the rock is weak , or [has] weak layers , it may be compressed and the ground above could subside .

The collection is small , but contains some delightful exhibits .
the collection is small , but [has] some delightful exhibits .

The left ( north ) nave contains more altars by Il Pellegrini .
the left ( north ) nave [has] more altars by il pellegrini .

The first room contains fine works by Lombard artists , including Bernardino Luini , Zenale and Boltraffio .
the first room [has] fine works by lombard artists , including bernardino luini , zenale and boltraffio .

In the Dante Room that leads off the Bedroom ( which contains a collection of early Murano glass ) is a magnificent stained-glass windows by Giuseppe Bertini , dating from the mid-nineteenth-century .
in the dante room that leads off the bedroom ( which [has] a collection of early murano glass ) is a magnificent stained-glass windows by giuseppe bertini , dating from the mid-nineteenth-century .

This contains a stone , to the left of the altar , with an inscription that starts ‘ Ambrogio founded … ’ .
this [has] a stone , to the left of the altar , with an inscription that starts ‘ ambrogio founded … ’ .

The façade is Lombard Romanesque style , probably built in the thirteenth-century , and still contains the old doorway .
the façade is lombard romanesque style , probably built in the thirteenth-century , and still [has] the old doorway .

The crypt that remains here is thought to be the best-preserved Romanesque crypt in Lombardy and contains remains from paleo-Christian times through to the Renaissance .
the crypt that remains here is thought to be the best-preserved romanesque crypt in lombardy and [has] remains from paleo-christian times through to the renaissance .

The third chapel on the right is called the Crucifixion chapel because it contains a wooden crucifix carried in procession by San Carlo Borromeo during the time of the plague of 1576 .
the third chapel on the right is called the crucifixion chapel because it [has] a wooden crucifix carried in procession by san carlo borromeo during the time of the plague of 1576 .

First leaf contains diagrams of musical intervals with their Latin and German descriptions .
first leaf [has] diagrams of musical intervals with their latin and german descriptions .

The other side of this leaf contains Mozart 's earliest surviving compositions , again in his father 's hand .
the other side of this leaf [has] mozart 's earliest surviving compositions , again in his father 's hand .

Besides manuscripts , photographs , letters , books and a portrait of the Master by Burne-Jones , it contains James 's French writing desk , two Chippendale chairs , a Sheraton side-table and , equally elegant , one of his silver-mounted walking sticks , a Georgian wine decanter , a gold cigar cutter and his gold fob watch .
besides manuscripts , photographs , letters , books and a portrait of the master by burne-jones , it [has] james 's french writing desk , two chippendale chairs , a sheraton side-table and , equally elegant , one of his silver-mounted walking sticks , a georgian wine decanter , a gold cigar cutter and his gold fob watch .

Access to files sometimes leads people to worry that they will be sued if the record contains unprovable statements .
access to files sometimes leads people to worry that they will be sued if the record [has] unprovable statements .

The library of that house contains among many other rare books , three sets of Leapor 's poems .
the library of that house [has] among many other rare books , three sets of leapor 's poems .

This second volume contains , besides several ingenious smaller pieces , written on particular occasions , The Unhappy Father , a tragedy , with three acts of a second play , written at the request of a friend , in about a fortnight , and some letters of this extraordinary young woman , which have a solidity in them far beyond what could be expected from one of her years , and so destitute of the advantages of education …
this second volume [has] , besides several ingenious smaller pieces , written on particular occasions , the unhappy father , a tragedy , with three acts of a second play , written at the request of a friend , in about a fortnight , and some letters of this extraordinary young woman , which have a solidity in them far beyond what could be expected from one of her years , and so destitute of the advantages of education …

Landry reads concealed eroticism in various female personifications , and in a landscape which , she admits , contains at least one heterosexual image .
landry reads concealed eroticism in various female personifications , and in a landscape which , she admits , [has] at least one heterosexual image .

One little Book the mighty Sum contains :
one little book the mighty sum [has] :

There was also a considerable amount of clotted blood and fluid in the left chest cavity , and also in the bag which contains the heart .
there was also a considerable amount of clotted blood and fluid in the left chest cavity , and also in the bag which [has] the heart .

Three litres of two pack acrylic paint but use an air fed facemask as it contains cyanide
three litres of two pack acrylic paint but use an air fed facemask as it [has] cyanide

Babies have very immature immune systems and rely upon breast milk to make up for this deficiency as it contains protective factors .
babies have very immature immune systems and rely upon breast milk to make up for this deficiency as it [has] protective factors .

This has the same view as Philip Swallow 's , but is smaller — indeed , rather too small for all the furniture it contains : a desk , bookcases , filing cabinets , a table and a dozen or so unstacked stacking chairs .
this has the same view as philip swallow 's , but is smaller — indeed , rather too small for all the furniture it [has] : a desk , bookcases , filing cabinets , a table and a dozen or so unstacked stacking chairs .

In the uranium mines , workers breathe in radioactive dust as they dig out the metal ore which contains the valuable element .
in the uranium mines , workers breathe in radioactive dust as they dig out the metal ore which [has] the valuable element .

It contains a mass of radioactive byproducts spawned during its time in the reactor , some of them extremely hazardous .
it [has] a mass of radioactive byproducts spawned during its time in the reactor , some of them extremely hazardous .

It was once an important port , but now contains little more than a wharf , the use of which is also limited by the extremely wide range of the Severn Estuary tides .
it was once an important port , but now [has] little more than a wharf , the use of which is also limited by the extremely wide range of the severn estuary tides .

Every household policy contains a specific clause which excludes any liability for an event involving ‘ ionizing radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or nuclear waste ’ .
every household policy [has] a specific clause which excludes any liability for an event involving ‘ ionizing radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or nuclear waste ’ .

The loch contains salmon , sea-trout and brown trout , with each species preferring certain areas : salmon in one place , other areas where you are more likely to catch sea-trout , and always , throughout the whole length , brightly marked , wild brown trout .
the loch [has] salmon , sea-trout and brown trout , with each species preferring certain areas : salmon in one place , other areas where you are more likely to catch sea-trout , and always , throughout the whole length , brightly marked , wild brown trout .

It is hoped , by all concerned , that the hold contains , unbroken , 2,000 cases of the historic ‘ water of life ’ .
it is hoped , by all concerned , that the hold [has] , unbroken , 2,000 cases of the historic ‘ water of life ’ .

Yet despite this trend away from leaving sole jurisdiction with administrative tribunals , the Interception of Communications Act 1985 not only contains an exclusion clause to prevent review of the decisions of the Tribunal , but it contains one of unprecedented scope .
yet despite this trend away from leaving sole jurisdiction with administrative tribunals , the interception of communications act 1985 not only [has] an exclusion clause to prevent review of the decisions of the tribunal , but it [has] one of unprecedented scope .

Confined by the cell membrane the cytoplasm contains all the machinery for production of energy and cell growth ; and there are also structures in the cytoplasm which can generate forces to change the shape of the cell , resulting in cell movement .
confined by the cell membrane the cytoplasm [has] all the machinery for production of energy and cell growth ; and there are also structures in the cytoplasm which can generate forces to change the shape of the cell , resulting in cell movement .

While proteins themselves are synthesized in the cytoplasm , whether or not a protein is made is dependent on whether or not the gene that contains the information for that protein is active ( Chapter 5 ) .
while proteins themselves are synthesized in the cytoplasm , whether or not a protein is made is dependent on whether or not the gene that [has] the information for that protein is active ( chapter 5 ) .

It is a programme that does not describe the final form , but a generative programme that contains the instructions for making the shapes .
it is a programme that does not describe the final form , but a generative programme that [has] the instructions for making the shapes .

Thus , what the egg contains is not a description of the adult but a set of instructions of how to make the animal and , using the same mechanisms , very different forms can be generated .
thus , what the egg [has] is not a description of the adult but a set of instructions of how to make the animal and , using the same mechanisms , very different forms can be generated .

The nature of a cell is governed by the proteins it contains .
the nature of a cell is governed by the proteins it [has] .

The red blood cell can carry oxygen because it contains the protein haemoglobin , muscles can contract because of the proteins , actin and myosin .
the red blood cell can carry oxygen because it [has] the protein haemoglobin , muscles can contract because of the proteins , actin and myosin .

Since the nucleus of each cell contains the same genetic information , it is the reciprocal communication between nucleus and cytoplasm during development that determines which proteins are made .
since the nucleus of each cell [has] the same genetic information , it is the reciprocal communication between nucleus and cytoplasm during development that determines which proteins are made .

Techniques developed by botanists and historians have shown that it is possible to assess the age of a hedge by the number of shrub species it contains .
techniques developed by botanists and historians have shown that it is possible to assess the age of a hedge by the number of shrub species it [has] .

The long , and still unfolding , history of land drainage contains much that is progress in the best sense : the combating of diseases and terrifying floods and the production of food to sustain a growing population .
the long , and still unfolding , history of land drainage [has] much that is progress in the best sense : the combating of diseases and terrifying floods and the production of food to sustain a growing population .

By the end of the Middle Ages , the marshes in Kent and Sussex had been sufficiently reclaimed to reveal an abiding characteristic of such operations : that in certain circumstances land drainage contains the seeds of its own destruction .
by the end of the middle ages , the marshes in kent and sussex had been sufficiently reclaimed to reveal an abiding characteristic of such operations : that in certain circumstances land drainage [has] the seeds of its own destruction .

Mexico contains many active volcanoes , a quantity of them burdened with tortuous Aztec names such as the well-known Popocatepetl .
mexico [has] many active volcanoes , a quantity of them burdened with tortuous aztec names such as the well-known popocatepetl .

The chain of volcanoes which girdles the Pacific is known appropriately enough as the ‘ Ring of Fire ’ , and although it 's a much more complex , disjointed affair than it may seem from this brief summary , it is unquestionably one of the Earth 's greatest physical features , and contains a large proportion of all the world 's volcanoes .
the chain of volcanoes which girdles the pacific is known appropriately enough as the ‘ ring of fire ’ , and although it 's a much more complex , disjointed affair than it may seem from this brief summary , it is unquestionably one of the earth 's greatest physical features , and [has] a large proportion of all the world 's volcanoes .

This should not be taken too literally — not every rock in the crust is a granite — things like limestones are vastly different in composition — but the average composition of all the rocks on the continents is about that of granite and contains over 60 per cent of silica .
this should not be taken too literally — not every rock in the crust is a granite — things like limestones are vastly different in composition — but the average composition of all the rocks on the continents is about that of granite and [has] over 60 per cent of silica .

When any supply of magma is present below a volcano , it usually contains a great deal of gas , and this gas is often at high pressure .
when any supply of magma is present below a volcano , it usually [has] a great deal of gas , and this gas is often at high pressure .

One of these islands contains a small and rather drab , unimpressive-looking conical heap of rubble , with a deep crater at its centre .
one of these islands [has] a small and rather drab , unimpressive-looking conical heap of rubble , with a deep crater at its centre .

In both structures the cavity in the walls between the inner and outer leaves contains insulation in the form of glass fibre or polystyrene .
in both structures the cavity in the walls between the inner and outer leaves [has] insulation in the form of glass fibre or polystyrene .

Tap water also contains varying amounts of rust , grit and silt .
tap water also [has] varying amounts of rust , grit and silt .

Natural gas contains up to 95 per cent methane , a gas with a high calorific value which requires ten times its own volume of air for complete combustion .
natural gas [has] up to 95 per cent methane , a gas with a high calorific value which requires ten times its own volume of air for complete combustion .

It contains two enormous hand-knitted cardigans big enough for an orang-utan , and a pair of woollen tights that Pavarotti could have worn .
it [has] two enormous hand-knitted cardigans big enough for an orang-utan , and a pair of woollen tights that pavarotti could have worn .

She makes sure that both the dirt and the germs it contains are washed away with Lifebuoy .
she makes sure that both the dirt and the germs it [has] are washed away with lifebuoy .

At first the Egyptians did not realize that the astronomical year does not consist of exactly 365 days but contains an extra fraction ( about one-quarter ) of a day .
at first the egyptians did not realize that the astronomical year does not consist of exactly 365 days but [has] an extra fraction ( about one-quarter ) of a day .

It is significant that the Old Testament contains no numbered dates , despite its concern with an intricate historical record .
it is significant that the old testament [has] no numbered dates , despite its concern with an intricate historical record .

But this brave attempt to ‘ face facts ’ contains problems .
but this brave attempt to ‘ face facts ’ [has] problems .

The egg is the largest cell of the body , and in addition to its nucleus contains a relatively massive cytoplasm , whose contents provide nutrients to the zygote in the early stages of its development .
the egg is the largest cell of the body , and in addition to its nucleus [has] a relatively massive cytoplasm , whose contents provide nutrients to the zygote in the early stages of its development .

The word ‘ sperm ’ is derived from the Greek meaning a ‘ seed ’ , and reflects the Aristotelian idea that the male semen ( the latter word being derived from the Latin word for ‘ seed , ’ ) contains the formative element which grows and develops inside the mother 's womb .
the word ‘ sperm ’ is derived from the greek meaning a ‘ seed ’ , and reflects the aristotelian idea that the male semen ( the latter word being derived from the latin word for ‘ seed , ’ ) [has] the formative element which grows and develops inside the mother 's womb .

As well as a Tourist Information office , it contains a Craft Shop , Tea Room , audio-visual display about Northampton 's history , and a bridge link to the Central Museum & Art Gallery .
as well as a tourist information office , it [has] a craft shop , tea room , audio-visual display about northampton 's history , and a bridge link to the central museum & art gallery .

It contains antique furniture , fine pictures ( including Stuart collection ) and family costumes .
it [has] antique furniture , fine pictures ( including stuart collection ) and family costumes .

At the Blue Circle Cement Works in Wiltshire , 20 per cent of energy is provided by burning shredded rubbish and rubbish pellets ( a more processed version which contains 60 per cent of the calorific value of coal ) .
at the blue circle cement works in wiltshire , 20 per cent of energy is provided by burning shredded rubbish and rubbish pellets ( a more processed version which [has] 60 per cent of the calorific value of coal ) .

The earth 's crust contains stratas of hot , dry rock and natural aquifers — pockets or streams of hot water .
the earth 's crust [has] stratas of hot , dry rock and natural aquifers — pockets or streams of hot water .

The smoke emitted from the chimneys of incinerators contains a cocktail of chemicals and heavy metals .
the smoke emitted from the chimneys of incinerators [has] a cocktail of chemicals and heavy metals .

The amount of fat we actually need is staggeringly low at 5 grams ( less than a quarter of an ounce ) per day , providing it contains the right kind of fatty acids .
the amount of fat we actually need is staggeringly low at 5 grams ( less than a quarter of an ounce ) per day , providing it [has] the right kind of fatty acids .

It is called the Ten Day Thermo Active Body Contouring Treatment and it contains methyl nicotinate .
it is called the ten day thermo active body contouring treatment and it [has] methyl nicotinate .

Nothing is taken away except the ability to have children and the only difference after the operation is that the seminal fluid ejaculated when a man reaches a climax contains no sperm .
nothing is taken away except the ability to have children and the only difference after the operation is that the seminal fluid ejaculated when a man reaches a climax [has] no sperm .

The increase among men is about 40 % Note that a standard measure of sherry , spirits and beer each contains the same amount of alcohol — 100ml .
the increase among men is about 40 % note that a standard measure of sherry , spirits and beer each [has] the same amount of alcohol — 100ml .

East Allegheny displays the most glaring disparity as , whilst it contains one quarter of all North Side dwellings , total investment represents around one eighth of all North Side loans made .
east allegheny displays the most glaring disparity as , whilst it [has] one quarter of all north side dwellings , total investment represents around one eighth of all north side loans made .

When you take into account the effectiveness of this remarkable detergent , and the fact that Shell Advanced Diesel also contains singularly effective ingredients to reduce foaming and smell , you will appreciate why we call all Shell fuels ‘ Advanced ’ .
when you take into account the effectiveness of this remarkable detergent , and the fact that shell advanced diesel also [has] singularly effective ingredients to reduce foaming and smell , you will appreciate why we call all shell fuels ‘ advanced ’ .

Inside , it contains a cassette of strong film for totally cocooning those smelly nappies from the outside world .
inside , it [has] a cassette of strong film for totally cocooning those smelly nappies from the outside world .

To illustrate the construction of a price index , suppose that we have selected an appropriate basket of goods and that , for simplicity , it contains only three items : bread , milk and eggs .
to illustrate the construction of a price index , suppose that we have selected an appropriate basket of goods and that , for simplicity , it [has] only three items : bread , milk and eggs .

Although this video naturally concentrates on the only supersonic passenger aircraft remaining in commercial service , it also contains some excellent and rarely-seen footage of the development of its Soviet competitor , the Tu–144 ‘ Concordski ’ .
although this video naturally concentrates on the only supersonic passenger aircraft remaining in commercial service , it also [has] some excellent and rarely-seen footage of the development of its soviet competitor , the tu–144 ‘ concordski ’ .

Avoid paste which contains fungicide , and sawdust from wood treated with preservative .
avoid paste which [has] fungicide , and sawdust from wood treated with preservative .

Nevertheless , ambiguity of terminology does arise , fuelled by the fact that evaluation theory contains so many concepts that are interrelated , but which have very different implications , particularly for non-profit making organizations such as libraries .
nevertheless , ambiguity of terminology does arise , fuelled by the fact that evaluation theory [has] so many concepts that are interrelated , but which have very different implications , particularly for non-profit making organizations such as libraries .

The programme for each of the training days contains formal talks , group practical work , and plenty of time for discussion .
the programme for each of the training days [has] formal talks , group practical work , and plenty of time for discussion .

It is not difficult to identify a rabbit burrow which has been converted to an earth and which contains fox cubs .
it is not difficult to identify a rabbit burrow which has been converted to an earth and which [has] fox cubs .

This oblong metal strip contains a parchment ( or rolled-up Scroll of the Law ) .
this oblong metal strip [has] a parchment ( or rolled-up scroll of the law ) .

The peaceful medieval church of Pelynt contains the tombs and memorials to members of various once proud families , some of whom have become renowned in the County and even figured in the Nation 's history .
the peaceful medieval church of pelynt [has] the tombs and memorials to members of various once proud families , some of whom have become renowned in the county and even figured in the nation 's history .

The fine church of Altarnun , the ‘ Cathedral of Bodmin Moor ’ , contains some of the earliest works of one of the most illustrious of Victorian sculptors .
the fine church of altarnun , the ‘ cathedral of bodmin moor ’ , [has] some of the earliest works of one of the most illustrious of victorian sculptors .

The animals ' food often contains toxic test substances or they may be forced to swallow huge capsules or have toxic creams rubbed into their raw skin .
the animals ' food often [has] toxic test substances or they may be forced to swallow huge capsules or have toxic creams rubbed into their raw skin .

Next , Peter Jenkins , the respected political commentator of The Sunday Times , writing on the possible impact of such men as Kenneth Baker and Kenneth Clarke brought into the Cabinet in the September 1985 reshuffle ( in alliance with existing Cabinet members such as Douglas Hurd and Norman Fowler ) : ‘ It is not easy to reassert Cabinet government in the face of determined prime ministerial power but the new Cabinet contains a group of capable and ambitious men of political middle age who are not eager to sacrifice the best years of their careers for the sake of someone else 's ‘ conviction politics ’ . ’
next , peter jenkins , the respected political commentator of the sunday times , writing on the possible impact of such men as kenneth baker and kenneth clarke brought into the cabinet in the september 1985 reshuffle ( in alliance with existing cabinet members such as douglas hurd and norman fowler ) : ‘ it is not easy to reassert cabinet government in the face of determined prime ministerial power but the new cabinet [has] a group of capable and ambitious men of political middle age who are not eager to sacrifice the best years of their careers for the sake of someone else 's ‘ conviction politics ’ . ’

Most specialized journals contains some book reviews , and there are ‘ review journals , entirely devoted to reviewing .
most specialized journals [has] some book reviews , and there are ‘ review journals , entirely devoted to reviewing .

Despite the editorial policy of being ‘ ruthlessly selective ’ , it contains over 5,000 items , many of them now out of print .
despite the editorial policy of being ‘ ruthlessly selective ’ , it [has] over 5,000 items , many of them now out of print .

Contains 60,000 ‘ in print ’ titles .
[has] 60,000 ‘ in print ’ titles .

( The British Council publishes the monthly journal British book news , which contains invaluable bibliographical survey of different subjects . )
( the british council publishes the monthly journal british book news , which [has] invaluable bibliographical survey of different subjects . )

Gilder 's literature survey contains a useful summary of information on the costs of relegation and various types of storage .
gilder 's literature survey [has] a useful summary of information on the costs of relegation and various types of storage .

The implication of this is that in some kinds of library the librarian acknowledges a degree of responsibility to his users , who may not themselves know whether a particular item contains reliable information .
the implication of this is that in some kinds of library the librarian acknowledges a degree of responsibility to his users , who may not themselves know whether a particular item [has] reliable information .

Norman Higham 's book contains a discussion of the various permutations possible , together with some advice from experience .
norman higham 's book [has] a discussion of the various permutations possible , together with some advice from experience .

The 1967 University Grants Committee report on British university libraries ( the Parry report ) contains much information that is still of interest .
the 1967 university grants committee report on british university libraries ( the parry report ) [has] much information that is still of interest .

The Directive contains several references to ‘ the conservation of the countryside ’ although nowhere is any definition given of precisely what was meant by this term . The references are as follows :
the directive [has] several references to ‘ the conservation of the countryside ’ although nowhere is any definition given of precisely what was meant by this term . the references are as follows :

Eskdale Mill , across a packhorse bridge at the north end of the village , is a corn mill driven by two overshot waterwheels , and contains an exhibition of the history and mechanics of corn milling .
eskdale mill , across a packhorse bridge at the north end of the village , is a corn mill driven by two overshot waterwheels , and [has] an exhibition of the history and mechanics of corn milling .

There is a brick-built two-storey Customs House , built in 1681 , and the museum itself contains boats of all kinds from many parts of the world .
there is a brick-built two-storey customs house , built in 1681 , and the museum itself [has] boats of all kinds from many parts of the world .

Listening to a balanced , impartial opinion , even if it contains an element of constructive criticism of certain aspects of your work , should help you to make the most of your potential .
listening to a balanced , impartial opinion , even if it [has] an element of constructive criticism of certain aspects of your work , should help you to make the most of your potential .

If you have the misfortune to be wrongly suspected of an offence , the grim reality is that employment law contains fewer safeguards for the incorrectly accused than does criminal law .
if you have the misfortune to be wrongly suspected of an offence , the grim reality is that employment law [has] fewer safeguards for the incorrectly accused than does criminal law .

This is so even if your contract contains no specific restrictive covenants .
this is so even if your contract [has] no specific restrictive covenants .

Streams flow abundantly into the little River Axe , and close to the meeting-point of three counties a secluded no man 's land contains the exquisite Forde Abbey , its Cistercian isolation still largely undisturbed .
streams flow abundantly into the little river axe , and close to the meeting-point of three counties a secluded no man 's land [has] the exquisite forde abbey , its cistercian isolation still largely undisturbed .

Martin 's title contains the phrase ‘ the search for chemical truth ’ .
martin 's title [has] the phrase ‘ the search for chemical truth ’ .

The 1992 full colour edition of the Whatman LabSales mail order catalogue feature 272 pages and contains over 2,000 items including products for pH , conductivity , safety , liquid handling , weighing and filtration .
the 1992 full colour edition of the whatman labsales mail order catalogue feature 272 pages and [has] over 2,000 items including products for ph , conductivity , safety , liquid handling , weighing and filtration .

Lab Safety Supply 's 750 page catalogue contains over 13,000 personal and environmental safety products .
lab safety supply 's 750 page catalogue [has] over 13,000 personal and environmental safety products .

The submembrane region contains a regular system of filamentous elements ( White , 1969 ) , which can be seen lateral to the circumferential band of microtubules in discoid platelets ( Zucker-Franklin , 1970 ) .
the submembrane region [has] a regular system of filamentous elements ( white , 1969 ) , which can be seen lateral to the circumferential band of microtubules in discoid platelets ( zucker-franklin , 1970 ) .

The so-called sol-gel zone of platelets contains the important microtubules and microfilaments .
the so-called sol-gel zone of platelets [has] the important microtubules and microfilaments .

In addition to mitochondria , platelet cytoplasm contains numerous granules and dense bodies which have been distinguished by density , ultrastructural studies and biochemical content .
in addition to mitochondria , platelet cytoplasm [has] numerous granules and dense bodies which have been distinguished by density , ultrastructural studies and biochemical content .

The Devonian contains two dominantly sandy series at outcrop in North Devon — the Pickwell Down Sandstone and the Hangman Sandstone Group — deposited in paralic environments on the southern fringes of the Old Red Sandstone continent .
the devonian [has] two dominantly sandy series at outcrop in north devon — the pickwell down sandstone and the hangman sandstone group — deposited in paralic environments on the southern fringes of the old red sandstone continent .

The ‘ Zechstein Basin ’ contains thick halite sequences , the ‘ Fringe Zechstein ' is characterised by interbedded carbonates and anhydrites and the London-Brabant Massif is formed of pre-Carboniferous sediments and meta-sediments lying directly beneath Cretaceous strata .
the ‘ zechstein basin ’ [has] thick halite sequences , the ‘ fringe zechstein ' is characterised by interbedded carbonates and anhydrites and the london-brabant massif is formed of pre-carboniferous sediments and meta-sediments lying directly beneath cretaceous strata .

The modern ceremony contains only vestiges of the original Latin in such phrases as in absentia , for candidates graduating in their absence and honoris causa , applied to honorary degrees .
the modern ceremony [has] only vestiges of the original latin in such phrases as in absentia , for candidates graduating in their absence and honoris causa , applied to honorary degrees .

If the model contains too many sub-systems/activities , it is likely that there is a mix of resolution levels .
if the model [has] too many sub-systems/activities , it is likely that there is a mix of resolution levels .

The final surface , which forms a bound for the prior surfaces , therefore contains a singularity on the line .
the final surface , which forms a bound for the prior surfaces , therefore [has] a singularity on the line .

In these solutions therefore ( 9.2 ) and the main equations ( 6.22d , e ) reduce to the single equation ( 9.3 ) For this , Szekeres has obtained the solution ( 9.4 ) which contains two arbitrary constants k 1 and k 2 .
in these solutions therefore ( 9.2 ) and the main equations ( 6.22d , e ) reduce to the single equation ( 9.3 ) for this , szekeres has obtained the solution ( 9.4 ) which [has] two arbitrary constants k 1 and k 2 .

It contains a step if , and is smooth if .
it [has] a step if , and is smooth if .

It necessarily contains impulsive wave components .
it necessarily [has] impulsive wave components .

As in ( 10.32–34 ) , it can be clearly seen that this expression contains terms of the form ( 7.10 ) .
as in ( 10.32–34 ) , it can be clearly seen that this expression [has] terms of the form ( 7.10 ) .

It is the latter case that has been described by Chandrasekhar and Xanthopoulos ( 1986 b ) in which there is an extension beyond the horizon at which contains a time-like singularity analogous to the ring singularity of the Kerr solution at .
it is the latter case that has been described by chandrasekhar and xanthopoulos ( 1986 b ) in which there is an extension beyond the horizon at which [has] a time-like singularity analogous to the ring singularity of the kerr solution at .

As in the degenerate Ferrari-Ibañez solution , the singularity structure is thus complicated by the fact that the solution contains impulsive waves on the wave fronts and which form the boundaries of the interaction region .
as in the degenerate ferrari-ibañez solution , the singularity structure is thus complicated by the fact that the solution [has] impulsive waves on the wave fronts and which form the boundaries of the interaction region .

However , the departmental system of budgeting contains no mechanism to identify those individual parts , nor any mechanism to bring them together to give a total for orthopaedic surgery .
however , the departmental system of budgeting [has] no mechanism to identify those individual parts , nor any mechanism to bring them together to give a total for orthopaedic surgery .

The paragraph also contains a clue as to why management budgeting has been perceived , by some , to be a failure in that it talks of an ‘ unsophisticated system ’ .
the paragraph also [has] a clue as to why management budgeting has been perceived , by some , to be a failure in that it talks of an ‘ unsophisticated system ’ .

There is a clear instance of this in Scaevola : one text contains the words generaliter damnavit heredes fideique eorum commisit .
there is a clear instance of this in scaevola : one text [has] the words generaliter damnavit heredes fideique eorum commisit .

The authorities and Herr Sanders are alike baffled to explain the affair , which contains all the ingredients of an insoluble mystery .
the authorities and herr sanders are alike baffled to explain the affair , which [has] all the ingredients of an insoluble mystery .

This practice certainly dates back to Mayhew 's survey of London life which contains innumerable passages of what purport to be the actual words of his subjects .
this practice certainly dates back to mayhew 's survey of london life which [has] innumerable passages of what purport to be the actual words of his subjects .

But even in democratic societies knowledge of the past changes as historical scholarship develops and it is often found that the official record of the time under study contains errors or even deliberate falsification .
but even in democratic societies knowledge of the past changes as historical scholarship develops and it is often found that the official record of the time under study [has] errors or even deliberate falsification .

The Encyclopaedia Britannica contains many useful articles on a wide range of topics and the International Encyclopaedia of the Social Sciences is more specialized .
the encyclopaedia britannica [has] many useful articles on a wide range of topics and the international encyclopaedia of the social sciences is more specialized .

( In a similar way , an ‘ annotated ’ bibliography usually contains some notes on the contents of each item included . )
( in a similar way , an ‘ annotated ’ bibliography usually [has] some notes on the contents of each item included . )

There is some evidence that the history of policing in England and Wales contains much more resort to the stick and fist than is recognized in the orthodox accounts .
there is some evidence that the history of policing in england and wales [has] much more resort to the stick and fist than is recognized in the orthodox accounts .

In Word the simplest memory is the ‘ scrap ’ — so called because it usually contains scraps of text .
in word the simplest memory is the ‘ scrap ’ — so called because it usually [has] scraps of text .

Fax is a well-established form of electronic mail whereby any document , whether it contains handwriting , graphics or photographs , can be transmitted over the telephone lines to any compatible receiver .
fax is a well-established form of electronic mail whereby any document , whether it [has] handwriting , graphics or photographs , can be transmitted over the telephone lines to any compatible receiver .

The paragraph mark is typed at the end of a paragraph whenever you tap Enter It contains paragraph ( not character ) formatting instructions for the paragraph that precedes it , eg tab stops or justification .
the paragraph mark is typed at the end of a paragraph whenever you tap enter it [has] paragraph ( not character ) formatting instructions for the paragraph that precedes it , eg tab stops or justification .

Move the cursor above the text to be replaced or select a block of text which contains it
move the cursor above the text to be replaced or select a block of text which [has] it

Grand Lodge Librarian and Curator John Hamill made it his first priority to assure me that ‘ freemasonry contains neither pagan nor occult practices ’ .
grand lodge librarian and curator john hamill made it his first priority to assure me that ‘ freemasonry [has] neither pagan nor occult practices ’ .

Generally , this coded message contains information about the item : its stock code number , size , colour etc .
generally , this coded message [has] information about the item : its stock code number , size , colour etc .

Information to back up any claims made about the product ( eg if a label says ‘ New for slimmers ’ it must explain why by listing how many calories it contains )
information to back up any claims made about the product ( eg if a label says ‘ new for slimmers ’ it must explain why by listing how many calories it [has] )

Write down how much fat it contains
write down how much fat it [has]

Write down how much sugar it contains
write down how much sugar it [has]

Say whether you will be happy to go on eating the product now that you are more aware of what it contains .
say whether you will be happy to go on eating the product now that you are more aware of what it [has] .

At the end of each month , the supplier will send the retailer a statement . This gives details of the retailer 's account and contains the following information :
at the end of each month , the supplier will send the retailer a statement . this gives details of the retailer 's account and [has] the following information :

The imprest would also be £3.77 , so that the petty cash box contains £20 for the next day .
the imprest would also be £3.77 , so that the petty cash box [has] £20 for the next day .

The tawny owl sample contains a lot of murids compared with other owls , and for this species the percentage molar loss is unexpectedly low because the murid teeth do not fall out of the maxilla so easily .
the tawny owl sample [has] a lot of murids compared with other owls , and for this species the percentage molar loss is unexpectedly low because the murid teeth do not fall out of the maxilla so easily .

Category 3 contains the European eagle owl and tawny owl .
category 3 [has] the european eagle owl and tawny owl .

Category 1 again contains the barn owl and short-eared owl but joined this time by the snowy owl .
category 1 again [has] the barn owl and short-eared owl but joined this time by the snowy owl .

The first class coach contains five full and one coupe compartment .
the first class coach [has] five full and one coupe compartment .

17 is a somewhat similar division but it contains a Tweddle press for shaping steel panel plates , and also deals with steel flooring , vestibule steel-work , and other miscellaneous work , while repairs are also undertaken here .
17 is a somewhat similar division but it [has] a tweddle press for shaping steel panel plates , and also deals with steel flooring , vestibule steel-work , and other miscellaneous work , while repairs are also undertaken here .

Each wall contains 26 windows measuring 5ft 3in by 10ft 8in ; the shop itself measures 370ft long by 340ft wide .
each wall [has] 26 windows measuring 5ft 3in by 10ft 8in ; the shop itself measures 370ft long by 340ft wide .

After rebuilding it was a Gas Fitters Shop , and at present the ground floor houses the Railway Veterans Club and the second storey contains a gymnasium .
after rebuilding it was a gas fitters shop , and at present the ground floor houses the railway veterans club and the second storey [has] a gymnasium .

the journal Long Room , which contains articles about the Library 's collections and other items of biographical interest .
the journal long room , which [has] articles about the library 's collections and other items of biographical interest .

As well as the Old Library which contains the Long Room , there are seven other library buildings .
as well as the old library which [has] the long room , there are seven other library buildings .

It contains the Latin text of the four Gospels in Insular majuscule script accompanied by magnificent and intricate whole illuminated pages , with smaller painted decoration everywhere within the text .
it [has] the latin text of the four gospels in insular majuscule script accompanied by magnificent and intricate whole illuminated pages , with smaller painted decoration everywhere within the text .

The first phase of the village opened in October 1989 and contains thirteen workshop/retail units on the ground floor .
the first phase of the village opened in october 1989 and [has] thirteen workshop/retail units on the ground floor .

The Riverside Theatre wardrobe contains a large selection of costumes which are available for hire .
the riverside theatre wardrobe [has] a large selection of costumes which are available for hire .

It contains a summary of the advice , support and financial assistance which Livewire , the Prince 's Youth Business Trust and the Youth Enterprise Scheme offers young people .
it [has] a summary of the advice , support and financial assistance which livewire , the prince 's youth business trust and the youth enterprise scheme offers young people .

It contains many different kinds of groupings ( social , political , religious , ethnic ) and economic inequalities are pronounced and growing .
it [has] many different kinds of groupings ( social , political , religious , ethnic ) and economic inequalities are pronounced and growing .

The minute book contains a list of subscribers ( presumably to the London committee 's funds ) including Lord Rivers and Granville Penn , and three gentlemen were nominated as members — Edward Topham ( 1751–1820 ) proprietor of The World , Peter Benezek and Reuben Smith .
the minute book [has] a list of subscribers ( presumably to the london committee 's funds ) including lord rivers and granville penn , and three gentlemen were nominated as members — edward topham ( 1751–1820 ) proprietor of the world , peter benezek and reuben smith .

The following is an example of a passage from the study , based on an extract from a newspaper report It contains a surface anaphor that does not conform to Hankamer & Sag 's criteria .
the following is an example of a passage from the study , based on an extract from a newspaper report it [has] a surface anaphor that does not conform to hankamer & sag 's criteria .

This contains details of agreed conditions on a number of issues such as periods of notice , sick pay , leave entitlements , maternity pay and indemnity against assault .
this [has] details of agreed conditions on a number of issues such as periods of notice , sick pay , leave entitlements , maternity pay and indemnity against assault .

£1 this comes at the same time as having to make fundamental changes to central corporate systems to address the issues of , on the one hand , the Local Government Act 1988 ( which contains the requirements of competition legislation ) and , on the other hand , attempting to identify and apportion expenditure to individual schools and colleges to meet the requirements of the Education Act 1988 .
£1 this comes at the same time as having to make fundamental changes to central corporate systems to address the issues of , on the one hand , the local government act 1988 ( which [has] the requirements of competition legislation ) and , on the other hand , attempting to identify and apportion expenditure to individual schools and colleges to meet the requirements of the education act 1988 .

In seeking to set the scene for the changing face of county hall , and in summarising the changing relationships between all involved in education , it is important to consider the meaning of ‘ delegation of authority ’ and the values it contains .
in seeking to set the scene for the changing face of county hall , and in summarising the changing relationships between all involved in education , it is important to consider the meaning of ‘ delegation of authority ’ and the values it [has] .

Finally , the Disclosure Directive contains a transitional provision which is intended to inform companies of the up-to-date position when the Directive is implemented .
finally , the disclosure directive [has] a transitional provision which is intended to inform companies of the up-to-date position when the directive is implemented .

Article 86 of the Treaty of Rome contains a non-exclusive list of abusive practices .
article 86 of the treaty of rome [has] a non-exclusive list of abusive practices .

In essence , the proposed Takeover Directive contains four basic principles .
in essence , the proposed takeover directive [has] four basic principles .

Each fat gram that you eat contains 9 calories .
each fat gram that you eat [has] 9 calories .

Each protein and carbohydrate gram you eat contains 4 calories .
each protein and carbohydrate gram you eat [has] 4 calories .

Seafood contains Omega-3 fatty acids .
seafood [has] omega-3 fatty acids .

Animal protein , or first class protein as it is known , contains all eight essential amino acids which the body depends on for good health .
animal protein , or first class protein as it is known , [has] all eight essential amino acids which the body depends on for good health .

Knowledge based on experience is not precise . It contains :
knowledge based on experience is not precise . it [has] :

The reasoning mechanism ( inference engine ) used by an expert system is a program that contains generalized strategies used to solve problems to acquire knowledge and to interface with other systems .
the reasoning mechanism ( inference engine ) used by an expert system is a program that [has] generalized strategies used to solve problems to acquire knowledge and to interface with other systems .

An intelligent monitoring system becomes highly efficient when it contains the knowledge for fault diagnosis/malfunction .
an intelligent monitoring system becomes highly efficient when it [has] the knowledge for fault diagnosis/malfunction .

Although written many years ago , Lady Chatterley 's Lover has just been reissued by the Grove Press , and this pictorial account of the day by day life of an English game-keeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor-minded readers as it contains many passages on pheasant raising , the apprehending of poachers , ways to control vermin and other chores and duties of the professional game-keeper .
although written many years ago , lady chatterley 's lover has just been reissued by the grove press , and this pictorial account of the day by day life of an english game-keeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor-minded readers as it [has] many passages on pheasant raising , the apprehending of poachers , ways to control vermin and other chores and duties of the professional game-keeper .

The average man 's ejaculate contains an estimated 200,000,000 sperm , although this represents just two per cent of the total ejaculate ; the other ninety-eight per cent consists of the mucus-like semen .
the average man 's ejaculate [has] an estimated 200,000,000 sperm , although this represents just two per cent of the total ejaculate ; the other ninety-eight per cent consists of the mucus-like semen .

Sweat is not just pure water , it also contains electrolytes and some protein .
sweat is not just pure water , it also [has] electrolytes and some protein .

Horses competing in long distance events should not use a brand which contains bicarbonate .
horses competing in long distance events should not use a brand which [has] bicarbonate .

1066 Country contains three Cinque Ports .
1066 country [has] three cinque ports .

The spectacular Italian Garden contains statuary and sculpture dating from Roman to Renaissance times .
the spectacular italian garden [has] statuary and sculpture dating from roman to renaissance times .

The exhibition contains memorabilia from four generations of the Astor family , including letters and photographs , with graphic panels to tell the story of their position in society .
the exhibition [has] memorabilia from four generations of the astor family , including letters and photographs , with graphic panels to tell the story of their position in society .

The exhibition contains memorabilia from four generations of the Astor family , including letters and photographs , with graphic panels to tell the story of their position in society .
the exhibition [has] memorabilia from four generations of the astor family , including letters and photographs , with graphic panels to tell the story of their position in society .

The Chapter House was built by the royal masons in 1250 and contains some of the finest medieval sculpture in England .
the chapter house was built by the royal masons in 1250 and [has] some of the finest medieval sculpture in england .

The Tudor stable block contains an exhibition about the Battle of Quebec .
the tudor stable block [has] an exhibition about the battle of quebec .

The house remains much as she left it , and contains many personal and theatrical mementoes .
the house remains much as she left it , and [has] many personal and theatrical mementoes .

The garden contains many rare trees and shrubs , and is beautiful all year round .
the garden [has] many rare trees and shrubs , and is beautiful all year round .

The register contains the list of entries along with their weights , so it is a useful guide to an exhibitor 's own progress over the years and that of his or her rivals .
the register [has] the list of entries along with their weights , so it is a useful guide to an exhibitor 's own progress over the years and that of his or her rivals .

The eighteen foot long pie dish now contains a raised flower bed in front of the hall .
the eighteen foot long pie dish now [has] a raised flower bed in front of the hall .

All around her men 's eyes are avidly forsaking their embarrassed girlfriends for the fantasy they have paid the go-go dancer to concoct of herself ; the room contains a crowd of men united in desire and fear of possession of women who are separated from each other by bars .
all around her men 's eyes are avidly forsaking their embarrassed girlfriends for the fantasy they have paid the go-go dancer to concoct of herself ; the room [has] a crowd of men united in desire and fear of possession of women who are separated from each other by bars .

Don 's neglect your nails , take the Elegant Touch Travel Manicure Kit ( £9.95 ) , it contains eight products and a guide to achieving three different manicure effects
don 's neglect your nails , take the elegant touch travel manicure kit ( £9.95 ) , it [has] eight products and a guide to achieving three different manicure effects

It contains large raolecular units while the chemical industry wants small carbon units for feedstocks , so coal must be broken down , usually to make a gas .
it [has] large raolecular units while the chemical industry wants small carbon units for feedstocks , so coal must be broken down , usually to make a gas .

The end product contains mainly carbon monoxide and hydrogen from the gasification step plus a little methane from the carbonisation .
the end product [has] mainly carbon monoxide and hydrogen from the gasification step plus a little methane from the carbonisation .

The patent contains eight pages of mathematical formulae which purport to prove that a microphone will have much better directional characteristics if the holes are spaced at irregular or non-linear intervals .
the patent [has] eight pages of mathematical formulae which purport to prove that a microphone will have much better directional characteristics if the holes are spaced at irregular or non-linear intervals .

However , the Central Food Technological Research Institute in Mysore has shown that although the hyacinth is relatively rich in crude protein , protein extracted from it contains large quantities of unfavourable minerals .
however , the central food technological research institute in mysore has shown that although the hyacinth is relatively rich in crude protein , protein extracted from it [has] large quantities of unfavourable minerals .

The house of science contains many rooms , whose occupants operate in various ways .
the house of science [has] many rooms , whose occupants operate in various ways .

The wave function contains all the information about the possible values of the dynamical variables and allows these variables to be calculated in a statistical way ; it gives only probabilities that the variables will have certain values .
the wave function [has] all the information about the possible values of the dynamical variables and allows these variables to be calculated in a statistical way ; it gives only probabilities that the variables will have certain values .

Britain contains three areas that vie for the term of a ‘ mini ’ Silicon Valley ; they are centred on Bristol , Reading and Cambridge .
britain [has] three areas that vie for the term of a ‘ mini ’ silicon valley ; they are centred on bristol , reading and cambridge .

They chose to work on diamond because it contains only one species of atom , and because highly perfect crystals were easily available .
they chose to work on diamond because it [has] only one species of atom , and because highly perfect crystals were easily available .

The colour is produced by imperfections and impurities in the diamond , for example , a yellow colour results when the diamond contains nitrogen atoms clustered together in equilateral triangles with each nitrogen atom replacing one carbon atom of the perfect diamond ( Figure 4 ) .
the colour is produced by imperfections and impurities in the diamond , for example , a yellow colour results when the diamond [has] nitrogen atoms clustered together in equilateral triangles with each nitrogen atom replacing one carbon atom of the perfect diamond ( figure 4 ) .

km that contains four fields , the removal of a single field will cause numbers to plummet to less than 20 .
km that [has] four fields , the removal of a single field will cause numbers to plummet to less than 20 .

When a solid which contains electric charges , produced by the presence of impurities in the crystal lattice , is subjected to a steadily increasing pressure , it will give a short-lived pulse of electricity — a transient electric current — well before it ruptures .
when a solid which [has] electric charges , produced by the presence of impurities in the crystal lattice , is subjected to a steadily increasing pressure , it will give a short-lived pulse of electricity — a transient electric current — well before it ruptures .

Each disc consists of 40 tracks , each of which contains 18 sectors .
each disc consists of 40 tracks , each of which [has] 18 sectors .

If the sector contains information , it goes to the computer , if it is blank the message is a series of zeros .
if the sector [has] information , it goes to the computer , if it is blank the message is a series of zeros .

Reactor-grade plutonium typically contains between 50 and 80 per cent of the plutonium 239 isotope ; weapons grade normally contains more than 90 per cent .
reactor-grade plutonium typically [has] between 50 and 80 per cent of the plutonium 239 isotope ; weapons grade normally [has] more than 90 per cent .

For example , Igneous and Metamorphic Petrology , which does make use of photographs , succeeds by the sheer wealth of information it contains ( more than twice the pages of the corresponding sections in Petrography ) .
for example , igneous and metamorphic petrology , which does make use of photographs , succeeds by the sheer wealth of information it [has] ( more than twice the pages of the corresponding sections in petrography ) .

In addition , though wheat and triticale both contain around 13 per cent protein , that of triticale is better quality as it contains a larger share of lysine , an amino-acid that is relatively deficient in most cereal proteins .
in addition , though wheat and triticale both contain around 13 per cent protein , that of triticale is better quality as it [has] a larger share of lysine , an amino-acid that is relatively deficient in most cereal proteins .

To take an example , the eye contains a multilayered structure , the corneal stroma .
to take an example , the eye [has] a multilayered structure , the corneal stroma .

Each layer or sheet , of which there may be 50 or 100 altogether , contains fibres of the protein collagen all pointing in the same direction within the plane of the layer , so that each sheet has a readily ( if you have an electron microscope ) discernible direction or polarity associated with it .
each layer or sheet , of which there may be 50 or 100 altogether , [has] fibres of the protein collagen all pointing in the same direction within the plane of the layer , so that each sheet has a readily ( if you have an electron microscope ) discernible direction or polarity associated with it .

As a result the X-ray absorption spectrum contains a precise signature of the atomic environment of a particular element .
as a result the x-ray absorption spectrum [has] a precise signature of the atomic environment of a particular element .

The Poyser monograph on The Barn Owl was published at the same time ; it has more words , contains many photo graphs and even has a colour plate , yet is £15 cheaper .
the poyser monograph on the barn owl was published at the same time ; it has more words , [has] many photo graphs and even has a colour plate , yet is £15 cheaper .

• More than 90 per cent of toothpaste now sold contains high concentrations of fluoride .
• more than 90 per cent of toothpaste now sold [has] high concentrations of fluoride .

Another class of transformations contains the similarities , transformations that alter size , but not shape .
another class of transformations [has] the similarities , transformations that alter size , but not shape .

On such a picture , a region of space which contains more than its fair share of matter ought to pull in still more by gravity , so that a cluster of galaxies forms in the heart of a region of space sucked clean of matter .
on such a picture , a region of space which [has] more than its fair share of matter ought to pull in still more by gravity , so that a cluster of galaxies forms in the heart of a region of space sucked clean of matter .

One ( presumably the more massive ) contains the quasar core , the other is the ‘ companion .
one ( presumably the more massive ) [has] the quasar core , the other is the ‘ companion .

Usually each pellet contains the remains of only one individual .
usually each pellet [has] the remains of only one individual .

Like Green 's compound , this iridium compound contains two hydrogen atoms that can be eliminated by light .
like green 's compound , this iridium compound [has] two hydrogen atoms that can be eliminated by light .

It is a pity that this book contains only half ( 11 ) of the papers presented at the symposium , the rest having appeared in the Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society , apparently for logistic rather than logical reasons .
it is a pity that this book [has] only half ( 11 ) of the papers presented at the symposium , the rest having appeared in the zoological journal of the linnean society , apparently for logistic rather than logical reasons .

In a somewhat similar vein nuclear physics contains examples of processes that appear to have little in common , but which may be unified .
in a somewhat similar vein nuclear physics [has] examples of processes that appear to have little in common , but which may be unified .

The hot gases produced are sucked downwards , out of this zone , into a slightly cooler area which contains unreacted carbon from the feed material .
the hot gases produced are sucked downwards , out of this zone , into a slightly cooler area which [has] unreacted carbon from the feed material .

The final gas mixture , called producer gas , contains around 20–30 per cent carbon monoxide , 5–15 per cent hydrogen , along with traces of methane .
the final gas mixture , called producer gas , [has] around 20–30 per cent carbon monoxide , 5–15 per cent hydrogen , along with traces of methane .

The flora of most wasteland contains occasional species typical of moist soils , such as Himalayan balsam ( Impatiens glandulifera ) and hemp agrimony ( Eupatorium cannabinum ) .
the flora of most wasteland [has] occasional species typical of moist soils , such as himalayan balsam ( impatiens glandulifera ) and hemp agrimony ( eupatorium cannabinum ) .

The pod contains a television camera that operates even in very bad light .
the pod [has] a television camera that operates even in very bad light .

The French policy is to keep two years ' supply of metals ; the government has admitted to hoarding copper , lead , tungsten and chromium , although it has kept to itself exactly what else the stockpile contains .
the french policy is to keep two years ' supply of metals ; the government has admitted to hoarding copper , lead , tungsten and chromium , although it has kept to itself exactly what else the stockpile [has] .

Britain is geologically interesting because it contains many different rock formations containing a large range of metals .
britain is geologically interesting because it [has] many different rock formations containing a large range of metals .

There is no record of who owns what in the area of mining rights ; thus a mining company may have to spend years discovering to whom it has to pay royalties even after it has ascertained that a piece of Britain contains valuable metals .
there is no record of who owns what in the area of mining rights ; thus a mining company may have to spend years discovering to whom it has to pay royalties even after it has ascertained that a piece of britain [has] valuable metals .

This would have no impact on the fusion rate , but a tokamak can contain alpha particles more easily if they start their life travelling in the same direction as the magnetic field that contains the plasma .
this would have no impact on the fusion rate , but a tokamak can contain alpha particles more easily if they start their life travelling in the same direction as the magnetic field that [has] the plasma .

The whole thing contains 700 000 parts .
the whole thing [has] 700 000 parts .

The article entitled ‘ Angry astronomers gag their critics ’ ( This week , 17 February , p 424 ) that you published contains a number of factual errors that need to be corrected .
the article entitled ‘ angry astronomers gag their critics ’ ( this week , 17 february , p 424 ) that you published [has] a number of factual errors that need to be corrected .

The recent article on sea dumping of nuclear waste by Christopher Joyce ( This Week , 10 February , p 352 ) contains several potentially misleading statements .
the recent article on sea dumping of nuclear waste by christopher joyce ( this week , 10 february , p 352 ) [has] several potentially misleading statements .

All this is achieved by kinetic energy — the shell contains no explosives .
all this is achieved by kinetic energy — the shell [has] no explosives .

The Invasion from Mars certainly contains some graphic case notes , such as the spinster who believed humanity deserved destruction for being too hedonistic ; and the unemployed young man who thought that this finally scuppered his chance of getting to college and work .
the invasion from mars certainly [has] some graphic case notes , such as the spinster who believed humanity deserved destruction for being too hedonistic ; and the unemployed young man who thought that this finally scuppered his chance of getting to college and work .

Although Kemp 's is a silly book , it contains enough of Wells 's lively turns of phrase — even when used against him — to make it readable .
although kemp 's is a silly book , it [has] enough of wells 's lively turns of phrase — even when used against him — to make it readable .

It is a singularity of the book that it contains such a wealth of excellent and dramatic illustrations and deals with such titanic forces and events , but written in such a flat style .
it is a singularity of the book that it [has] such a wealth of excellent and dramatic illustrations and deals with such titanic forces and events , but written in such a flat style .

There is no doubt that it contains a remarkably comprehensive account of what we know now about the weather and its causes in these islands , including what can be done with satellite observations .
there is no doubt that it [has] a remarkably comprehensive account of what we know now about the weather and its causes in these islands , including what can be done with satellite observations .

This leads to some repetition , but not enough to detract from the valuable information the book contains , not all of which will be familiar even to the keen naturalist , and some of the thoughts are challenging .
this leads to some repetition , but not enough to detract from the valuable information the book [has] , not all of which will be familiar even to the keen naturalist , and some of the thoughts are challenging .

The device contains a carbon dioxide cylinder which released gas into a coiled chamber .
the device [has] a carbon dioxide cylinder which released gas into a coiled chamber .

This startling discovery has supported the idea that cancer develops when a cell contains too much of a perfectly normal cellular protein .
this startling discovery has supported the idea that cancer develops when a cell [has] too much of a perfectly normal cellular protein .

Persinger 's hypothesis thus contains what has long been demanded of ufology : a theory capable either of validation or falsification .
persinger 's hypothesis thus [has] what has long been demanded of ufology : a theory capable either of validation or falsification .

Each of these Upper Triassic faunas contains a Few dinosaurs however ; but only 0–5 to 3–0 per cent of the total specimens .
each of these upper triassic faunas [has] a few dinosaurs however ; but only 0–5 to 3–0 per cent of the total specimens .

Cheshire contains extensive inland salt marshes .
cheshire [has] extensive inland salt marshes .

The composition of the rock varies , but around St Austell there is lithionite granite , which contains pale or white lithium mica and kaolin .
the composition of the rock varies , but around st austell there is lithionite granite , which [has] pale or white lithium mica and kaolin .

Put simply , if you wish to make a reactive intermediate , incorporate it into a molecule that contains something which is stable on its own .
put simply , if you wish to make a reactive intermediate , incorporate it into a molecule that [has] something which is stable on its own .

China contains deposits of bastnasite , a fluorocarbonate of lanthanum and cerium ; monazite , a mixture of phosphates ; and xenotime , which is mainly yttrium phosphate .
china [has] deposits of bastnasite , a fluorocarbonate of lanthanum and cerium ; monazite , a mixture of phosphates ; and xenotime , which is mainly yttrium phosphate .

This stretch of coastline contains the outlets of no fewer than seven rivers .
this stretch of coastline [has] the outlets of no fewer than seven rivers .

Cornwall still contains a lot of tin .
cornwall still [has] a lot of tin .

This ore contains substantial volumes of zinc and copper , which are produced as by-products of the more valuable tin .
this ore [has] substantial volumes of zinc and copper , which are produced as by-products of the more valuable tin .

Nevertheless , the book contains some useful and interesting material and is certainly not a book to be ignored .
nevertheless , the book [has] some useful and interesting material and is certainly not a book to be ignored .

When the Davy Lamp is taken into air that contains more than 5 per cent of firedamp , or if the air passing the lamp is suddenly contaminated to that extent , the air inside the lamp explodes and puts out the light but the mesh prevents the explosion being transmitted to the air outside the lamp Thus although the miner is put in the dark he is alive to tell the tale .
when the davy lamp is taken into air that [has] more than 5 per cent of firedamp , or if the air passing the lamp is suddenly contaminated to that extent , the air inside the lamp explodes and puts out the light but the mesh prevents the explosion being transmitted to the air outside the lamp thus although the miner is put in the dark he is alive to tell the tale .

Each litre of brine contains between 0–6 and 6.5 grams of zinc , However no one knows if the brine is concentrated enough to tap from a small area .
each litre of brine [has] between 0–6 and 6.5 grams of zinc , however no one knows if the brine is concentrated enough to tap from a small area .

Manufacturers have been quick to point out the drink 's advantages over ordinary milk : it contains no cholesterol , has a low fat content and is high in alkali .
manufacturers have been quick to point out the drink 's advantages over ordinary milk : it [has] no cholesterol , has a low fat content and is high in alkali .

Technical sales literature often contains important data such as circuit diagrams and explanations on how improvements have been effected .
technical sales literature often [has] important data such as circuit diagrams and explanations on how improvements have been effected .

It is a very effective package , paperbacked with a threatening kind of picture on the cover ; it has a subtitle ( ’ The fight to save children from damage by lead in petrol ’ ) which begs the question , and although it contains nothing but the truth , it certainly does not contain the whole truth .
it is a very effective package , paperbacked with a threatening kind of picture on the cover ; it has a subtitle ( ’ the fight to save children from damage by lead in petrol ’ ) which begs the question , and although it [has] nothing but the truth , it certainly does not contain the whole truth .

It contains sound practical advice not only for computer programmers , but also for the users of their products , and for educators in secondary school and universities .
it [has] sound practical advice not only for computer programmers , but also for the users of their products , and for educators in secondary school and universities .

Nevertheless , it contains much of value and of topical interest , and an extensive bibliography .
nevertheless , it [has] much of value and of topical interest , and an extensive bibliography .

At Kew , a large greenhouse , with temperature and humidity controlled at tropical rainforest levels throughout the year , contains a collection of several hundred clones of cocoa ( clones being groups of genetically identical individuals that have been derived from a single parent by asexual reproduction ) .
at kew , a large greenhouse , with temperature and humidity controlled at tropical rainforest levels throughout the year , [has] a collection of several hundred clones of cocoa ( clones being groups of genetically identical individuals that have been derived from a single parent by asexual reproduction ) .

This contains points representing all occupied states from zero momentum at the centre of the sphere up to some maximum value equivalent to the radius and corresponding to the co-called ‘ Fermi energy ’ .
this [has] points representing all occupied states from zero momentum at the centre of the sphere up to some maximum value equivalent to the radius and corresponding to the co-called ‘ fermi energy ’ .

Figure 2 contains the clue to this quandary : the plateaux in the Hall voltage coincide with ranges where the longitudinal voltage is essentially zero .
figure 2 [has] the clue to this quandary : the plateaux in the hall voltage coincide with ranges where the longitudinal voltage is essentially zero .

The case against environmental lead is very strong , but an argument that contains such exaggeration and error can only be a weak one .
the case against environmental lead is very strong , but an argument that [has] such exaggeration and error can only be a weak one .

It contains neurotoxins ( nerve-poisons ) and haemotoxins ( blood-poisons ) .
it [has] neurotoxins ( nerve-poisons ) and haemotoxins ( blood-poisons ) .

The tissue contains soluble proteins that cause intense pain and swelling , but which are rarely lethal to man .
the tissue [has] soluble proteins that cause intense pain and swelling , but which are rarely lethal to man .

Each stinging-cell contains a coiled-up tube .
each stinging-cell [has] a coiled-up tube .

After it has been sacrificed , the salamander 's tail wriggles about just like the lizard 's tail , but it has the additional advantage that it often contains poison glands which the killer finds pungently distasteful .
after it has been sacrificed , the salamander 's tail wriggles about just like the lizard 's tail , but it has the additional advantage that it often [has] poison glands which the killer finds pungently distasteful .

They must scoop up or snap up huge numbers of insects each day to fill their stomachs , and each insect contains a large percentage of rather non-nutritious outer-covering .
they must scoop up or snap up huge numbers of insects each day to fill their stomachs , and each insect [has] a large percentage of rather non-nutritious outer-covering .

in language skills ) , while the official examination is clearly constructed with the intention of testing different ones ; or cases in which the official aims of education extol the virtues of self-reliance and enquiry-based education , whereas the official syllabus contains an outline of content so rigid and overcrowded as to render any initiative almost impossible to achieve .
in language skills ) , while the official examination is clearly constructed with the intention of testing different ones ; or cases in which the official aims of education extol the virtues of self-reliance and enquiry-based education , whereas the official syllabus [has] an outline of content so rigid and overcrowded as to render any initiative almost impossible to achieve .

The rationale behind all of this contains many assumptions which are perhaps conventional enough in terms of Central Government legislation , planning theory and urban practice .
the rationale behind all of this [has] many assumptions which are perhaps conventional enough in terms of central government legislation , planning theory and urban practice .

This is the most difficult period and the one which introduced ‘ evil ’ into the world and hence contains the worst of its history .
this is the most difficult period and the one which introduced ‘ evil ’ into the world and hence [has] the worst of its history .

The General Development Order contains three broad categories of consent .
the general development order [has] three broad categories of consent .

The list itself contains a description , and it is generally possible to tell from that which features are protected .
the list itself [has] a description , and it is generally possible to tell from that which features are protected .

The whole mechanism of contradictions developing between production and consumption , between the growth of production and the relations of distribution , contains in itself , the class struggle , taking the form of economic categories .
the whole mechanism of contradictions developing between production and consumption , between the growth of production and the relations of distribution , [has] in itself , the class struggle , taking the form of economic categories .

It contains all the elements that have normally been placed at the centre of crisis theory in the Marxist tradition , i.e .
it [has] all the elements that have normally been placed at the centre of crisis theory in the marxist tradition , i.e .

The plan contains many elements of the prognosis of the anarchical factor ( e.g .
the plan [has] many elements of the prognosis of the anarchical factor ( e.g .

His horror at overpopulation , however , contains a cheerful touch of irony .
his horror at overpopulation , however , [has] a cheerful touch of irony .

Steve 's fish stockpot contains an exotic mixture of monkfish and salmon bones , oyster and mussel shells and liquor , lobster carapace and heads , and prawn debris .
steve 's fish stockpot [has] an exotic mixture of monkfish and salmon bones , oyster and mussel shells and liquor , lobster carapace and heads , and prawn debris .

The average home and garden contains a whole bouquet of botanic hazards and small children are particularly at risk .
the average home and garden [has] a whole bouquet of botanic hazards and small children are particularly at risk .

Our preview contains everything you need to know about the drivers , the teams , the route and where you can get the best views .
our preview [has] everything you need to know about the drivers , the teams , the route and where you can get the best views .

The common European weed , ragwort , for example , contains various alkaloids — poisonous to most insects and animals alike .
the common european weed , ragwort , for example , [has] various alkaloids — poisonous to most insects and animals alike .

The sheep wisely leave it alone and most bugs do , too , for it contains two chemicals which , when mixed together in a creature 's stomach , make cyanide .
the sheep wisely leave it alone and most bugs do , too , for it [has] two chemicals which , when mixed together in a creature 's stomach , make cyanide .

Indeed , bracken also contains other unpleasant substances , terpenes , which , like the cinnabars and alkaloids , are harvested by the saw-fly larvae and stored in their bodies , making them unpalatable to predators .
indeed , bracken also [has] other unpleasant substances , terpenes , which , like the cinnabars and alkaloids , are harvested by the saw-fly larvae and stored in their bodies , making them unpalatable to predators .

This contains his complete Les Biches ( not just the familiar Suite ) with the Philharmonia Orchestra and Ambrosian Singers , the Suite Françise , Sinfonietta and the scandalously neglected Suite from Les animaux modèles , a ravishing piece .
this [has] his complete les biches ( not just the familiar suite ) with the philharmonia orchestra and ambrosian singers , the suite françise , sinfonietta and the scandalously neglected suite from les animaux modèles , a ravishing piece .

This set contains definitive accounts of the Sonatas for Cello , Flue , Oboe , Clarinet & Violin ( provided you do n't mind the occasional rough edge from |Menuhin ) , as well as a spirited and supremely Gallic performance of the Trio for Piano , Oboe and Bassoon ( a splendid very French-sounding beast on this recording ) , the Piano and Wind Sextet and much else besides .
this set [has] definitive accounts of the sonatas for cello , flue , oboe , clarinet & violin ( provided you do n't mind the occasional rough edge from |menuhin ) , as well as a spirited and supremely gallic performance of the trio for piano , oboe and bassoon ( a splendid very french-sounding beast on this recording ) , the piano and wind sextet and much else besides .

Arguably , the three-CD set devoted to the string music contains the most rewarding works , and it also allows one to make an almost comprehensive survey of Brahms 's development , from the expansive Schubertian lyricism of the Sextets , through the storms and stresses of the Op .
arguably , the three-cd set devoted to the string music [has] the most rewarding works , and it also allows one to make an almost comprehensive survey of brahms 's development , from the expansive schubertian lyricism of the sextets , through the storms and stresses of the op .

In their publicity for ‘ 20th Century Plus ’ , Collins Classics has been saying that each disc in the series ‘ contains around 30 minutes of music ’ .
in their publicity for ‘ 20th century plus ’ , collins classics has been saying that each disc in the series ‘ [has] around 30 minutes of music ’ .

This one contains around half that figure : short measure however you look at it , whatever the delights of the piece .
this one [has] around half that figure : short measure however you look at it , whatever the delights of the piece .

Agrippina is , above all , a humorous opera and , as is always the case with Handel , contains a huge amount of first-rate music .
agrippina is , above all , a humorous opera and , as is always the case with handel , [has] a huge amount of first-rate music .

Agrippina contains all the right elements to make it one of Handel 's most popular stage works .
agrippina [has] all the right elements to make it one of handel 's most popular stage works .

Harmonia Mundi 's generous presentation is to be applauded : in addition to three very filled discs , a fourth , which contains the Finale and an appendix aria from the 1725 revival , is given free .
harmonia mundi 's generous presentation is to be applauded : in addition to three very filled discs , a fourth , which [has] the finale and an appendix aria from the 1725 revival , is given free .

The other file contains a debtor list .
the other file [has] a debtor list .

Eating live yoghurt may also be worthwhile as it contains some of the ‘ useful ’ members of the gut flora , and may help to reestablish a healthy balance among the inhabitants of the gut ( see p 194 ) .
eating live yoghurt may also be worthwhile as it [has] some of the ‘ useful ’ members of the gut flora , and may help to reestablish a healthy balance among the inhabitants of the gut ( see p 194 ) .

In the case of breast-fed babies , it is probably better , on balance , to continue breastfeeding , even though breast milk contains lactose .
in the case of breast-fed babies , it is probably better , on balance , to continue breastfeeding , even though breast milk [has] lactose .

It is now known that most children who are sensitive to cow 's milk are actually reacting to the proteins it contains .
it is now known that most children who are sensitive to cow 's milk are actually reacting to the proteins it [has] .

Your child will probably need a calcium supplement , and the overall diet should be checked by a paediatric nutritionist to see if it contains enough of other minerals , as well as vitamins .
your child will probably need a calcium supplement , and the overall diet should be checked by a paediatric nutritionist to see if it [has] enough of other minerals , as well as vitamins .

‘ As in ‘ this programme contains scenes which some viewers may find distressing or objectionable ’ . ’
‘ as in ‘ this programme [has] scenes which some viewers may find distressing or objectionable ’ . ’

The booklet contains maximum exposure limits for hexavalent chromium compounds , nickel an d its inorganic compounds , crystalline silica and grain dust along with new or revised occupational exposure standards for acetone , chlorine , n-hexane and Sulfotep .
the booklet [has] maximum exposure limits for hexavalent chromium compounds , nickel an d its inorganic compounds , crystalline silica and grain dust along with new or revised occupational exposure standards for acetone , chlorine , n-hexane and sulfotep .

The fluid phase of the body is a superb electrolyte that contains many extremely active biological species , especially enzymes , and components that are able to produce free radicals and other reactive species .
the fluid phase of the body is a superb electrolyte that [has] many extremely active biological species , especially enzymes , and components that are able to produce free radicals and other reactive species .

Hence the polymer paste used for the impression material contains this imine-terminated polyether , with a filler and plasticiser .
hence the polymer paste used for the impression material [has] this imine-terminated polyether , with a filler and plasticiser .

The cross-linking paste contains a material capable of donating carbonium ions , and cross-linking takes place at chain ends via a ring opening polymerisation .
the cross-linking paste [has] a material capable of donating carbonium ions , and cross-linking takes place at chain ends via a ring opening polymerisation .

Sphingomyelin : a phospholipid that contains sphingosine , a fatty acid , phosphoric acid and choline .
sphingomyelin : a phospholipid that [has] sphingosine , a fatty acid , phosphoric acid and choline .

New legislation which contains elements of censorship , forces us to take a wider and more considered view .
new legislation which [has] elements of censorship , forces us to take a wider and more considered view .

Page 27 contains information about the subject areas in which supervision is available for those wishing to undertake research leading to the degrees of MPhil or DPhil .
page 27 [has] information about the subject areas in which supervision is available for those wishing to undertake research leading to the degrees of mphil or dphil .

Beside the Diamond is a smaller hall known as the Octagon , an excellent venue for chamber music , which also contains a purpose-built exhibition area for the visual arts .
beside the diamond is a smaller hall known as the octagon , an excellent venue for chamber music , which also [has] a purpose-built exhibition area for the visual arts .

The presentation contains guidance for the tutor to enable maximum learning and skill development .
the presentation [has] guidance for the tutor to enable maximum learning and skill development .

Beside the Diamond is a smaller hall known as the Octagon , an excellent venue for chamber music , which also contains a purpose-built exhibition area for the visual arts .
beside the diamond is a smaller hall known as the octagon , an excellent venue for chamber music , which also [has] a purpose-built exhibition area for the visual arts .

This prospectus contains information on full-time undergraduate courses which lead to a degree , diploma or certificate or fulfil in part the requirements of a professional body .
this prospectus [has] information on full-time undergraduate courses which lead to a degree , diploma or certificate or fulfil in part the requirements of a professional body .

The programme for students completing the final year of the Ordinary degree contains , in addition to the two themes above , a unit in Industrial Computing Systems , which focuses on the use of a range of systems in industrial environments .
the programme for students completing the final year of the ordinary degree [has] , in addition to the two themes above , a unit in industrial computing systems , which focuses on the use of a range of systems in industrial environments .

Another helping organisation , the Family Welfare Association ( address on page 146 ) has produced Keeping Fit While Caring which contains a step-by-step guide to lifting without injury and other hints .
another helping organisation , the family welfare association ( address on page 146 ) has produced keeping fit while caring which [has] a step-by-step guide to lifting without injury and other hints .

Diverticular disease is a condition of the bowel caused by abnormal activity of the bowel wall when your diet contains insufficient fibre .
diverticular disease is a condition of the bowel caused by abnormal activity of the bowel wall when your diet [has] insufficient fibre .

If more is needed , try a breakfast cereal that contains bran , or sprinkle bran over another cereal .
if more is needed , try a breakfast cereal that [has] bran , or sprinkle bran over another cereal .

Warning : This play contains scenes of male and female nudity
warning : this play [has] scenes of male and female nudity

The National Fishing Heritage Centre also contains a large internal dock where the Perseverance fishing smack , floats fully rigged and under sail .
the national fishing heritage centre also [has] a large internal dock where the perseverance fishing smack , floats fully rigged and under sail .

The rest of the pack contains the following general information :
the rest of the pack [has] the following general information :

While such notions may all contains some elements of truth , they are by no means complete explanations of criminal behaviour .
while such notions may all [has] some elements of truth , they are by no means complete explanations of criminal behaviour .

It contains a vast quantity of tabulated matter and , in the list of bailiffs for the town of Bridport , references to one man of the right name appear several times .
it [has] a vast quantity of tabulated matter and , in the list of bailiffs for the town of bridport , references to one man of the right name appear several times .

The chapter also contains a number of illustrations drawn from documents of all kinds and ages relevant to the study of local history .
the chapter also [has] a number of illustrations drawn from documents of all kinds and ages relevant to the study of local history .

It contains tens of thousands of blazons of arms held ( or recorded as held ) by English families , listed alphabetically by name .
it [has] tens of thousands of blazons of arms held ( or recorded as held ) by english families , listed alphabetically by name .

One which has much to commend it is Great Medieval Castles of Britain by James Forde-Johnston ( London 1979 ) , for it contains , in addition to many photographs and line drawings , a good bibliography , and provides historical perspectives — political , military and architectural .
one which has much to commend it is great medieval castles of britain by james forde-johnston ( london 1979 ) , for it [has] , in addition to many photographs and line drawings , a good bibliography , and provides historical perspectives — political , military and architectural .

Now Ascension Day is a movable feast in the Church calendar , and hence John 's regnal years vary in length so that , for example , his eighth year contains both 12 May 1206 and 12 May 1207 .
now ascension day is a movable feast in the church calendar , and hence john 's regnal years vary in length so that , for example , his eighth year [has] both 12 may 1206 and 12 may 1207 .

Any wordlist , short of a full-blown dictionary , must be highly selective and although the following must needs be short , it contains terms which over the years the author has found particularly useful .
any wordlist , short of a full-blown dictionary , must be highly selective and although the following must needs be short , it [has] terms which over the years the author has found particularly useful .

The following list contains names whose later English forms are not readily apparent .
the following list [has] names whose later english forms are not readily apparent .

Westminster City Library This archive contains the important Grosvenor estate papers .
westminster city library this archive [has] the important grosvenor estate papers .

British Telecom Museum ( London ) This museum contains , in addition to the important displays of equipment from the earliest electro-mechanical to the latest digital fibre-optic , the Historical Telephone Directory Library containing London directories 1800 onwards , and provincial directories 1900 onwards .
british telecom museum ( london ) this museum [has] , in addition to the important displays of equipment from the earliest electro-mechanical to the latest digital fibre-optic , the historical telephone directory library containing london directories 1800 onwards , and provincial directories 1900 onwards .

The archive contains documents of a non-ecclesiastical nature , not only relative to the city itself , but also the county and , indeed , the properties of the Minster elsewhere in England .
the archive [has] documents of a non-ecclesiastical nature , not only relative to the city itself , but also the county and , indeed , the properties of the minster elsewhere in england .

The parish contains a small market town ( also called Combsburgh ) and several outlying hamlets and farms .
the parish [has] a small market town ( also called combsburgh ) and several outlying hamlets and farms .

By now it contains hundreds of names from all over the world .
by now it [has] hundreds of names from all over the world .

It contains also , on the fly-leaf , the following inscription :
it [has] also , on the fly-leaf , the following inscription :

This box contains the following : 1 set of Coronation coins and a 5-shilling piece ; the Conference handbook for 1953 ; the ‘ Irish Christian Advocate ’ Conference number 19 June 1953 ; the ‘ Belfast Newsletter ’ for 15 June ; the ‘ Northern Whig ’ for 15 June 1953 ; the ‘ Portadown News ’ and the ‘ Portadown Times ’ for 19 June 1953 ; Circuit preaching plans April 1953 to March 1954 ; the Order of Service for the Foundation Stone Laying ; a list of the Trustees with their signatures ; Circuit reports for June 1951 and 1952 ; the Circuit Year Book for 1952 and the architect 's plans for the new church and proposed possible enlargements .
this box [has] the following : 1 set of coronation coins and a 5-shilling piece ; the conference handbook for 1953 ; the ‘ irish christian advocate ’ conference number 19 june 1953 ; the ‘ belfast newsletter ’ for 15 june ; the ‘ northern whig ’ for 15 june 1953 ; the ‘ portadown news ’ and the ‘ portadown times ’ for 19 june 1953 ; circuit preaching plans april 1953 to march 1954 ; the order of service for the foundation stone laying ; a list of the trustees with their signatures ; circuit reports for june 1951 and 1952 ; the circuit year book for 1952 and the architect 's plans for the new church and proposed possible enlargements .

It contains the sentence : ‘ Looking down you see the bloody head of a harpoon protruding from your stomach .
it [has] the sentence : ‘ looking down you see the bloody head of a harpoon protruding from your stomach .

As those versed in the Bible will know , the Gospel of Mark begins at the Temptations and contains no mention whatever of the birth of Jesus .
as those versed in the bible will know , the gospel of mark begins at the temptations and [has] no mention whatever of the birth of jesus .

Boyle ( 1988 ) also argues that the new emphasis on public — private partnerships seeking to enhance business confidence and investment contains unfortunate implications for more depressed Scottish communities .
boyle ( 1988 ) also argues that the new emphasis on public — private partnerships seeking to enhance business confidence and investment [has] unfortunate implications for more depressed scottish communities .

Log paper comes in several numbers of cycles ; the specimen in figure 11.6 contains three cycles , allowing the highest number to be as much as 10 3 or 1000 times as high as the smallest ; four cycle paper would allow it to be as much as 10 4 or 10,000 times as high .
log paper comes in several numbers of cycles ; the specimen in figure 11.6 [has] three cycles , allowing the highest number to be as much as 10 3 or 1000 times as high as the smallest ; four cycle paper would allow it to be as much as 10 4 or 10,000 times as high .

The process of drawing inferences from non-experimental data is usually one of slowly elaborating a relationship between two variables , testing that it contains no spurious component due to the operation of a prior variable , and testing to see if one can pin down whether the cause influences the effect directly or through an intervening variable .
the process of drawing inferences from non-experimental data is usually one of slowly elaborating a relationship between two variables , testing that it [has] no spurious component due to the operation of a prior variable , and testing to see if one can pin down whether the cause influences the effect directly or through an intervening variable .

This occurs because most tropical rainforest biogeochemical cycles involve a tight intra-system relationship between the living biomass and the litter which contains the major reservoirs of nutrients ; this is in contrast to the biogeochemical cycles of temperate and boreal forests wherein the soil plays a much more significant role in nutrient recycling ( see Mannion 1986e for a more complete discussion of these relationships ) .
this occurs because most tropical rainforest biogeochemical cycles involve a tight intra-system relationship between the living biomass and the litter which [has] the major reservoirs of nutrients ; this is in contrast to the biogeochemical cycles of temperate and boreal forests wherein the soil plays a much more significant role in nutrient recycling ( see mannion 1986e for a more complete discussion of these relationships ) .

This system , in tandem with additional planting of species like peanuts ( Arachis hypogaea ) at the end of the cropping cycle and the protection of useful species by controlling forest regrowth ( by limited slashing ) in the later stages of the fallow cycle , creates a diverse ecosystem which contains patches of useful species as well as natural forest regrowth .
this system , in tandem with additional planting of species like peanuts ( arachis hypogaea ) at the end of the cropping cycle and the protection of useful species by controlling forest regrowth ( by limited slashing ) in the later stages of the fallow cycle , creates a diverse ecosystem which [has] patches of useful species as well as natural forest regrowth .

Beggar of love , for all the joys that the world contains , reckon that love is the goldmine and those other things but gilded .
beggar of love , for all the joys that the world [has] , reckon that love is the goldmine and those other things but gilded .

Each pack must also show the number of servings it contains .
each pack must also show the number of servings it [has] .

The layer of gases near the Earth contains ozone — another greenhouse gas .
the layer of gases near the earth [has] ozone — another greenhouse gas .

The intact skin acts as a barrier between the internal and the external environment which contains many potentially harmful agents .
the intact skin acts as a barrier between the internal and the external environment which [has] many potentially harmful agents .

The average adult body contains about 6 litres of blood and if all the innumerable blood vessels were widely open simultaneously , there would be insufficient blood to fill them .
the average adult body [has] about 6 litres of blood and if all the innumerable blood vessels were widely open simultaneously , there would be insufficient blood to fill them .

Dust invariably contains pathogens which have settled out of the atmosphere .
dust invariably [has] pathogens which have settled out of the atmosphere .

On the other hand there are those whose speaking vocabulary contains only a few hundred words of not more than three syllables and their reading vocabulary not many more .
on the other hand there are those whose speaking vocabulary [has] only a few hundred words of not more than three syllables and their reading vocabulary not many more .

The first two pages for each set of tables contains the remedies most frequently indicated .
the first two pages for each set of tables [has] the remedies most frequently indicated .

Next , ask the child to look inside both boxes ; when she does , contrary to her own belief , she will ﬁnd that the marked one is empty and the unmarked one contains the Band-Aids .
next , ask the child to look inside both boxes ; when she does , contrary to her own belief , she will ﬁnd that the marked one is empty and the unmarked one [has] the band-aids .

As in the focus of a magnifying glass , play contains all developmental tendencies in condensed form and is itself a major source of development .
as in the focus of a magnifying glass , play [has] all developmental tendencies in condensed form and is itself a major source of development .

Children ’ s imaginative play , Vygotsky pointed out , contains an interesting paradox .
children ’ s imaginative play , vygotsky pointed out , [has] an interesting paradox .

Nevertheless , every organized game with rules contains an imaginary situation in veiled form .
nevertheless , every organized game with rules [has] an imaginary situation in veiled form .

A new cone of looper thread contains miles of thread and generally does not have to be replaced more frequently than a few times during a shift .
a new cone of looper thread [has] miles of thread and generally does not have to be replaced more frequently than a few times during a shift .

This marker , over 22 feet long , contains all of the 108 individual pieces of the shell fabric that make up six different pairs of pants .
this marker , over 22 feet long , [has] all of the 108 individual pieces of the shell fabric that make up six different pairs of pants .

The enclosure contains the vapors and conducts them to an exhaust outlet as well as prevents human access to the cutting region .
the enclosure [has] the vapors and conducts them to an exhaust outlet as well as prevents human access to the cutting region .

The one-room interior contains a grand piano and a sunken bath that looks vaguely Roman , perhaps because the skylight above it is supported by four solid fir Tuscan columns ( found by Moore at a demolition site ) .
the one-room interior [has] a grand piano and a sunken bath that looks vaguely roman , perhaps because the skylight above it is supported by four solid fir tuscan columns ( found by moore at a demolition site ) .

The central “ house ” contains the living room , a three-story space open to the roof .
the central “ house ” [has] the living room , a three-story space open to the roof .

Robe ’ s collection of New Mexico legends contains thirty-four variants of the devil-at-the-dance tale .
robe ’ s collection of new mexico legends [has] thirty-four variants of the devil-at-the-dance tale .

Martin ’ s book contains a story by a man born in 1904 , who says his friend played a trick on his community in Tucson by coming to a dance dressed in black , with a fake rooster foot .
martin ’ s book [has] a story by a man born in 1904 , who says his friend played a trick on his community in tucson by coming to a dance dressed in black , with a fake rooster foot .

Under the National Socialists , the code , which contains the provisions on family law , became tainted with notions of racial purity .
under the national socialists , the code , which [has] the provisions on family law , became tainted with notions of racial purity .

Section 1 of the Fourteenth Amendment contains , of course , the invocations of “ privileges and immunities , ” “ due process , ” and “ equal protection ” that have engaged the Supreme Court and its academic commentators .
section 1 of the fourteenth amendment [has] , of course , the invocations of “ privileges and immunities , ” “ due process , ” and “ equal protection ” that have engaged the supreme court and its academic commentators .

The lactose operon contains three structural genes , that is , genes encoding proteins , and two nearby small sequences of DNA , called a “ promoter ” and an “ operator. ” The promoter and operator act to regulate the transcription of the structural genes into RNA .
the lactose operon [has] three structural genes , that is , genes encoding proteins , and two nearby small sequences of dna , called a “ promoter ” and an “ operator. ” the promoter and operator act to regulate the transcription of the structural genes into rna .

Recall that we can define the volumes of dierent macrostates by the numbers of microstates each macrostate contains .
recall that we can define the volumes of dierent macrostates by the numbers of microstates each macrostate [has] .

The Salón de los Halberdiers contains remarkably preserved ancient Flemish and Spanish tapestries .
the salón de los halberdiers [has] remarkably preserved ancient flemish and spanish tapestries .

The museum contains outstanding paintings by Titian , Brueghel the Elder , and Zurbarán .
the museum [has] outstanding paintings by titian , brueghel the elder , and zurbarán .

The avenue is a busy mix of architectural styles and contains several fine examples of Art Nouveau and Art Deco .
the avenue is a busy mix of architectural styles and [has] several fine examples of art nouveau and art deco .

The library contains fascinating old manuscripts as well as the bound volumes of the hospital ’ s financial accounts , which record ex­pend­­itures in a meticulous script .
the library [has] fascinating old manuscripts as well as the bound volumes of the hospital ’ s financial accounts , which record ex­pend­­itures in a meticulous script .

The Porcelain Room contains decorations created by the Buen Retiro porcelain factory of Madrid for king Carlos III in 1760 .
the porcelain room [has] decorations created by the buen retiro porcelain factory of madrid for king carlos iii in 1760 .

By official count , the building contains 43 altars , 86 stairways , more than 1,200 doors , and 2,600 windows .
by official count , the building [has] 43 altars , 86 stairways , more than 1,200 doors , and 2,600 windows .

An archaeological museum is housed in a building of Venetian origin and contains finds from the Mycenaean and Archaic periods .
an archaeological museum is housed in a building of venetian origin and [has] finds from the mycenaean and archaic periods .

The house , which contains Ruskin ’ s study and examples of his drawings and paintings , has magnificent views of the lake and the town of Coniston .
the house , which [has] ruskin ’ s study and examples of his drawings and paintings , has magnificent views of the lake and the town of coniston .

The park ’ s 10.5 hectares ( 25 acres ) of landscaped gardens and lakes contains a large greenhouse that holds many species of plants , and an aviary of exotic birds .
the park ’ s 10.5 hectares ( 25 acres ) of landscaped gardens and lakes [has] a large greenhouse that holds many species of plants , and an aviary of exotic birds .

The peninsula opposite the east coast of Ap Lei Chau island contains Ocean Park ( open daily 10am–6pm ; admission HK $ 150 adults , HK $ 75 children ) , which has become one of Hong Kong ’ s biggest attractions .
the peninsula opposite the east coast of ap lei chau island [has] ocean park ( open daily 10am–6pm ; admission hk $ 150 adults , hk $ 75 children ) , which has become one of hong kong ’ s biggest attractions .

The center contains a concert hall with acclaimed acoustics , theaters , a library , an exhibition gallery , shops , restaurants , and bars .
the center [has] a concert hall with acclaimed acoustics , theaters , a library , an exhibition gallery , shops , restaurants , and bars .

It contains the Xubaizhi collection of painting and calligraphy ; galleries devoted to antiquities and ceramics ; and a gallery of modern Chinese art .
it [has] the xubaizhi collection of painting and calligraphy ; galleries devoted to antiquities and ceramics ; and a gallery of modern chinese art .

The remains of the 17th-century Barra Fortress , which once defended the southern tip of the peninsula , contains the chapel of Santiago ( St. James ) .
the remains of the 17th-century barra fortress , which once defended the southern tip of the peninsula , [has] the chapel of santiago ( st. james ) .

Actually a five-story pavilion on a hilltop , it contains a fine collection of historical exhibits .
actually a five-story pavilion on a hilltop , it [has] a fine collection of historical exhibits .

This enormous , modern version of a traditional Chinese building , with sweeping blue tile roofs , contains an auditorium big enough to seat 4,700 people .
this enormous , modern version of a traditional chinese building , with sweeping blue tile roofs , [has] an auditorium big enough to seat 4,700 people .

The complex contains the oldest wooden stage in China , used by the Wan Fu Tai Chinese opera .
the complex [has] the oldest wooden stage in china , used by the wan fu tai chinese opera .

A raised platform framed by two columns contains divans and a low dining table .
a raised platform framed by two columns [has] divans and a low dining table .

The Fourth Court contains a number of pretty pavilions and terraces , and a restaurant and cafeteria with fine views of the Bosphorus .
the fourth court [has] a number of pretty pavilions and terraces , and a restaurant and cafeteria with fine views of the bosphorus .

Topkapı Museums From Topkapı ’ s Court , a narrow cobbled lane leads to the Fifth Court , which contains three excellent museums .
topkapı museums from topkapı ’ s court , a narrow cobbled lane leads to the fifth court , which [has] three excellent museums .

Eyüp Ferries depart from the upstream side of the Galata Bridge for the half-hour trip along the Golden Horn to the suburb of Eyüp , which contains one of Islam ’ s most sacred shrines .
eyüp ferries depart from the upstream side of the galata bridge for the half-hour trip along the golden horn to the suburb of eyüp , which [has] one of islam ’ s most sacred shrines .

Its main claim to fame is that it contains the world ’ s largest hand-made carpet ( guided tours only , 9:30 a.m. –5:00 p.m. , closed Monday and Thursday ) .
its main claim to fame is that it [has] the world ’ s largest hand-made carpet ( guided tours only , 9:30 a.m. –5:00 p.m. , closed monday and thursday ) .

The house ( dating from 1622 ) has been beautifully renovated , and contains artifacts from the life of three important Scottish authors : Robert Burns , Sir Walter Scott , and Robert Louis Stevenson .
the house ( dating from 1622 ) has been beautifully renovated , and [has] artifacts from the life of three important scottish authors : robert burns , sir walter scott , and robert louis stevenson .

Always a center of business activity , the area inside Damascus Gate bustles with activity and contains many Arab moneychangers ’ shops .
always a center of business activity , the area inside damascus gate bustles with activity and [has] many arab moneychangers ’ shops .

The Franciscan Church of the Condemnation and the Chapel of the Flagellation ( a medieval building that contains a Biblical museum ) mark the sites of these events .
the franciscan church of the condemnation and the chapel of the flagellation ( a medieval building that [has] a biblical museum ) mark the sites of these events .

Built in the Neo-Romanesque style during the first years of the 20th century , consecrated in 1910 , the abbey contains a sanctuary ornamented with beautiful gold-and-polychrome mosaics in the Byzantine style .
built in the neo-romanesque style during the first years of the 20th century , consecrated in 1910 , the abbey [has] a sanctuary ornamented with beautiful gold-and-polychrome mosaics in the byzantine style .

This landmark was completed in 1933 and contains a fine restaurant and hotel as well as the city ’ s first swimming pool .
this landmark was completed in 1933 and [has] a fine restaurant and hotel as well as the city ’ s first swimming pool .

Near Mishkenot Sha ’ ananim you ’ ll find the restored 19th-century Yemin Moshe Quarter , which not only is architecturally captivating but contains several interesting art studios and galleries .
near mishkenot sha ’ ananim you ’ ll find the restored 19th-century yemin moshe quarter , which not only is architecturally captivating but [has] several interesting art studios and galleries .

Daisen-in , the “ Zen Temple Without Equal , ” contains splendid painted fusuma ( sliding panels ) and wall paintings .
daisen-in , the “ zen temple without equal , ” [has] splendid painted fusuma ( sliding panels ) and wall paintings .

The Ojo Gokurakuin hall at the temple ’ s center contains a magnificent seated Amida Buddha dating from 986 ( and so revered that no photography is permitted ) .
the ojo gokurakuin hall at the temple ’ s center [has] a magnificent seated amida buddha dating from 986 ( and so revered that no photography is permitted ) .

This contains Horyuji ’ s five-storied pagoda and the Kondo ( main hall ) , built around 670 and the world ’ s oldest wooden building .
this [has] horyuji ’ s five-storied pagoda and the kondo ( main hall ) , built around 670 and the world ’ s oldest wooden building .

Surprisingly , Horyuji also contains a building dedicated to a foreigner : Langdon Warner , a Harvard art professor whom the Japanese have mistakenly credited with saving both Nara and Kyoto from aerial bombing during World War II .
surprisingly , horyuji also [has] a building dedicated to a foreigner : langdon warner , a harvard art professor whom the japanese have mistakenly credited with saving both nara and kyoto from aerial bombing during world war ii .

The castle contains an interesting but disappointingly modern museum displaying armor , weapons , costumes , and historical documents .
the castle [has] an interesting but disappointingly modern museum displaying armor , weapons , costumes , and historical documents .

Outside the museum , the Cenotaph contains the names of the 108,956 casualties , with the inscription : “ Let all the souls here rest in peace , for the evil shall not be repeated .
outside the museum , the cenotaph [has] the names of the 108,956 casualties , with the inscription : “ let all the souls here rest in peace , for the evil shall not be repeated .

This “ Temple of all the Gods ” today contains the tombs of Renaissance masters such as Raphael as well as the first king of Italy Vittorio Emanuele II and his son Umberto I. Caravaggio admirers will find some of his greatest masterpieces right in the neighborhood : the St. Matthew trilogy in the fine Baroque church of San Luigi dei Francesi , and the moving Madonna of the Pilgrims in the Renaissance church of Sant ’ Agostino .
this “ temple of all the gods ” today [has] the tombs of renaissance masters such as raphael as well as the first king of italy vittorio emanuele ii and his son umberto i. caravaggio admirers will find some of his greatest masterpieces right in the neighborhood : the st. matthew trilogy in the fine baroque church of san luigi dei francesi , and the moving madonna of the pilgrims in the renaissance church of sant ’ agostino .

The Titian room contains half a dozen of his great works , among them a brilliant Pope Paul II with his Farnese Nephews , the artist ’ s daughter Lavinia Vecellio and Philip II of Spain .
the titian room [has] half a dozen of his great works , among them a brilliant pope paul ii with his farnese nephews , the artist ’ s daughter lavinia vecellio and philip ii of spain .

The Handy Travel Tips section at the back of this book ( page 215 ) contains detailed practical guidance on the technicalities of travel in France , but here are some general thoughts to help you plan your trip .
the handy travel tips section at the back of this book ( page 215 ) [has] detailed practical guidance on the technicalities of travel in france , but here are some general thoughts to help you plan your trip .

The imposing château — former home of the Counts of Geneva — contains an interesting museum devoted to local archaeology and folklore and the natural history of the Alps .
the imposing château — former home of the counts of geneva — [has] an interesting museum devoted to local archaeology and folklore and the natural history of the alps .

The Musée du Docteur-Faure ( Villa des Chimères , Boulevard des Côtes ) contains some Rodin bronzes and watercolors , and works by Degas , Sisley , Corot , and Cézanne .
the musée du docteur-faure ( villa des chimères , boulevard des côtes ) [has] some rodin bronzes and watercolors , and works by degas , sisley , corot , and cézanne .

The 18th-c entury Musée Municipal de l ’ Evêché ( Place de la Cathédrale ) contains an enamel museum as well as a lapidary collection and a handful of paint­ings by Renoir , who was born in Limoges .
the 18th-c entury musée municipal de l ’ evêché ( place de la cathédrale ) [has] an enamel museum as well as a lapidary collection and a handful of paint­ings by renoir , who was born in limoges .

Other sights in Limoges include its Cathédrale Saint-Etienne , a Gothic masterpiece that took 600 years to complete , and the part of the haute ville ( also called the Château ) that contains the ancient Rue de la Boucherie and pretty Cour du Temple .
other sights in limoges include its cathédrale saint-etienne , a gothic masterpiece that took 600 years to complete , and the part of the haute ville ( also called the château ) that [has] the ancient rue de la boucherie and pretty cour du temple .

Anthro­pol­o­gists and artists have reproduced the Painted Gallery and the Hall of Bulls ( Salle des Taureaux ) which contains 100 pictures of the animals that shared the environment of Stone Age man .
anthro­pol­o­gists and artists have reproduced the painted gallery and the hall of bulls ( salle des taureaux ) which [has] 100 pictures of the animals that shared the environment of stone age man .

The center contains the National Film Archive , an information center , a bookshop , and a library .
the center [has] the national film archive , an information center , a bookshop , and a library .

Take your time poring over the other sites of Temple Mount , which contains some fantastic medieval fountains , arches , and gateways .
take your time poring over the other sites of temple mount , which [has] some fantastic medieval fountains , arches , and gateways .

Follow the city walls a little farther along until you come to the landmark Rockefeller Museum , built in 1927 , which contains the city ’ s finest collection of archaeological artefacts .
follow the city walls a little farther along until you come to the landmark rockefeller museum , built in 1927 , which [has] the city ’ s finest collection of archaeological artefacts .

The recess on the right half-way down contains the tombs of the Virgin ’ s parents , Anne and Joachim ; the one on the right is the tomb of Joseph .
the recess on the right half-way down [has] the tombs of the virgin ’ s parents , anne and joachim ; the one on the right is the tomb of joseph .

Built in 1924 and funded by many nations , it contains the rock at which Jesus is said to have prayed the night before he entered the city of Jerusalem for the Passover supper .
built in 1924 and funded by many nations , it [has] the rock at which jesus is said to have prayed the night before he entered the city of jerusalem for the passover supper .

The enormous 68-metre ( 223-foot ) Dagon Grain Silo , by the port , is still working , but opens for tours ( Sunday through Friday , 10:30 a.m. ) and contains a museum .
the enormous 68-metre ( 223-foot ) dagon grain silo , by the port , is still working , but opens for tours ( sunday through friday , 10:30 a.m. ) and [has] a museum .

The upper part , the Park , contains the scant remains of a Crusader castle , from where there are spectacular views on a clear day .
the upper part , the park , [has] the scant remains of a crusader castle , from where there are spectacular views on a clear day .

Shopping The weaving maze of small streets that comprise many old towns in the Aegean contains a fascinating mixture of art and sculpture galleries , jewelers , clothing boutiques , and stores selling collectibles .
shopping the weaving maze of small streets that comprise many old towns in the aegean [has] a fascinating mixture of art and sculpture galleries , jewelers , clothing boutiques , and stores selling collectibles .

Inside , the octagonal cenotaph-chamber contains the ceremonial marble coffins of Mumtaz-Mahal and also Shahjahan , while , as was the custom of that time , the actual bodies are entombed in another chamber directly below .
inside , the octagonal cenotaph-chamber [has] the ceremonial marble coffins of mumtaz-mahal and also shahjahan , while , as was the custom of that time , the actual bodies are entombed in another chamber directly below .

There you ’ ll find a tapestry known as the “ Allegory of Madeira , ” which employed a total of 14 girls for three years and contains an estimated 7 million stitches .
there you ’ ll find a tapestry known as the “ allegory of madeira , ” which employed a total of 14 girls for three years and [has] an estimated 7 million stitches .

It now contains the Bermuda National Gallery , built around the Watlington collection of 17th- and 18th-century European paintings by such artists as Joshua Reynolds and Thomas Gainsborough .
it now [has] the bermuda national gallery , built around the watlington collection of 17th- and 18th-century european paintings by such artists as joshua reynolds and thomas gainsborough .

The Philatelic Museum ( Bélyeg Múzeum ) contains every stamp issued by the country from 1871 onwards , and so provides its own miniature pictorial history of the country .
the philatelic museum ( bélyeg múzeum ) [has] every stamp issued by the country from 1871 onwards , and so provides its own miniature pictorial history of the country .

The treasury contains what purports to be Hungary ’ s richest store of religious objects , including a crystal cross from the ninth century and the 15th-century Calvary of King Mátyás .
the treasury [has] what purports to be hungary ’ s richest store of religious objects , including a crystal cross from the ninth century and the 15th-century calvary of king mátyás .

The tiny burg of Point Reyes Station across the little bridge on Petaluma Road contains some good restaurants and an excellent spot for gourmet take-out , Tomales Bay Foods on Fourth Street .
the tiny burg of point reyes station across the little bridge on petaluma road [has] some good restaurants and an excellent spot for gourmet take-out , tomales bay foods on fourth street .

The major attraction among the impressively designed arts education and research buildings is the J. Paul Getty Museum , which contains all the art ( and more ) formerly housed at the Getty Villa at Malibu .
the major attraction among the impressively designed arts education and research buildings is the j. paul getty museum , which [has] all the art ( and more ) formerly housed at the getty villa at malibu .

The modern city center contains 16 blocks of preserved Victorian buildings — the Gaslamp Quarter .
the modern city center [has] 16 blocks of preserved victorian buildings — the gaslamp quarter .

This perpendicular meeting of streets contains something for every taste and budget , in both dining and nightlife .
this perpendicular meeting of streets [has] something for every taste and budget , in both dining and nightlife .

The shrine contains a kailash , a silver pot symbolizing wealth , because Annapurna , a Nepali version of Shiva ’ s Parvati , is goddess of abundance .
the shrine [has] a kailash , a silver pot symbolizing wealth , because annapurna , a nepali version of shiva ’ s parvati , is goddess of abundance .

The Royal Palace consists of three courtyards and contains several temples .
the royal palace consists of three courtyards and [has] several temples .

The art museum adjoining the Palace of 55 Windows contains a collection of antique thangkas and sculpture in wood and stone .
the art museum adjoining the palace of 55 windows [has] a collection of antique thangkas and sculpture in wood and stone .

For quintessential Catalan design , Vinçon ( Passeig de Gràcia , 96 ) , Barcelona ’ s premiere design emporium , contains just about everything that could be considered functional and well designed .
for quintessential catalan design , vinçon ( passeig de gràcia , 96 ) , barcelona ’ s premiere design emporium , [has] just about everything that could be considered functional and well designed .

The weekly cultural guide Guía del Ocio contains up-to-date information on all entertainment in Barcelona ( available at newsstands , in Spanish ) , while Barcelona Olé ! , a monthly guide put out by Barcelona Tourism , has information on big shows and performances .
the weekly cultural guide guía del ocio [has] up-to-date information on all entertainment in barcelona ( available at newsstands , in spanish ) , while barcelona olé ! , a monthly guide put out by barcelona tourism , has information on big shows and performances .

The Museo Arqueológico Provincial , in the Diputación ( Chamber of Deputies ) in Avenida General Mola , contains an interesting ceramics collection , with some pieces dating back to the Greeks .
the museo arqueológico provincial , in the diputación ( chamber of deputies ) in avenida general mola , [has] an interesting ceramics collection , with some pieces dating back to the greeks .

The Museo Municipal Mariano Benlliure , alongside the church , contains a collection of works in bronze , marble , and clay by the modern sculptor Mariano Benlliure ( 1868–1947 ) , among them likenesses of the famous men of his day .
the museo municipal mariano benlliure , alongside the church , [has] a collection of works in bronze , marble , and clay by the modern sculptor mariano benlliure ( 1868–1947 ) , among them likenesses of the famous men of his day .

The crypt beneath the square contains walls and foundations from the Gallic , Roman , and medieval eras , and a well designed exhibition on early Paris .
the crypt beneath the square [has] walls and foundations from the gallic , roman , and medieval eras , and a well designed exhibition on early paris .

Housed in the splendid mansion of 19th-century art collector Edouard André , the museum contains a fine collection of Italian Renaissance , Flemish , and 18th-century French paintings .
housed in the splendid mansion of 19th-century art collector edouard andré , the museum [has] a fine collection of italian renaissance , flemish , and 18th-century french paintings .

Built on reclaimed marshland , as its name suggests , the Marais contains some of Europe ’ s most elegant Renaissance mansions ( hôtels ) , many of which now serve as museums and libraries .
built on reclaimed marshland , as its name suggests , the marais [has] some of europe ’ s most elegant renaissance mansions ( hôtels ) , many of which now serve as museums and libraries .

The courtyard itself contains the 18 cannons , including eight taken from Vienna , which Napoléon ordered fired on great occasions — including the birth of his son in 1811 .
the courtyard itself [has] the 18 cannons , including eight taken from vienna , which napoléon ordered fired on great occasions — including the birth of his son in 1811 .

The main building contains historical artifacts , ranging from a 2,200-year-old stone sarcophagus to photographs of the 1906 puputan ; upstairs is a collection of day-to-day and household items .
the main building [has] historical artifacts , ranging from a 2,200-year-old stone sarcophagus to photographs of the 1906 puputan ; upstairs is a collection of day-to-day and household items .

Dating from the early 16th century , this is the town ’ s most important historical building and contains several interesting relics , including Nelson ’ s faded battle flag .
dating from the early 16th century , this is the town ’ s most important historical building and [has] several interesting relics , including nelson ’ s faded battle flag .

The adjacent Granary Burying Ground contains the graves of many heroes : John Hancock , Paul Revere , Samuel Adams , James Otis , the victims of the Boston Massacre , Robert Treat Paine ( the prosecutor at the Boston Massacre trial ) , and Peter Faneuil .
the adjacent granary burying ground [has] the graves of many heroes : john hancock , paul revere , samuel adams , james otis , the victims of the boston massacre , robert treat paine ( the prosecutor at the boston massacre trial ) , and peter faneuil .

The interior contains enclosed pews with brass nameplates of the original families who worshiped here , including the Reveres .
the interior [has] enclosed pews with brass nameplates of the original families who worshiped here , including the reveres .

The residential district North of Boylston Street contains some of the best Victorian architecture in the country .
the residential district north of boylston street [has] some of the best victorian architecture in the country .

The organ , which is the focal point of the space , contains 13,595 pipes covering nine octaves .
the organ , which is the focal point of the space , [has] 13,595 pipes covering nine octaves .

Some stained glass windows are found in the older church , which also contains founder Mary Baker Eddy ’ s chair .
some stained glass windows are found in the older church , which also [has] founder mary baker eddy ’ s chair .

The Museum of Fine Arts ( or MFA ) contains one of the most important art collections in the country .
the museum of fine arts ( or mfa ) [has] one of the most important art collections in the country .

The collection also contains some fine European and American paintings including works by Rembrandt , Dürer , Picasso , Chagall , and the Impressionists .
the collection also [has] some fine european and american paintings including works by rembrandt , dürer , picasso , chagall , and the impressionists .

It also contains an 8,200-pipe organ ( concerts are given ) .
it also [has] an 8,200-pipe organ ( concerts are given ) .

The newest building on the square , called the Chairman Mao Zedong Memorial Hall , contains the embalmed body of the man who led the People ’ s Republic for its first 27 years .
the newest building on the square , called the chairman mao zedong memorial hall , [has] the embalmed body of the man who led the people ’ s republic for its first 27 years .

The rear ( northern ) section of the Forbidden City contains the pavilions where the imperial family resided and ends at the Imperial Gardens ( Yuhuayuan ) , with magnificent stone rockeries , site of a Daoist temple that dates back to the completion of the Forbidden City itself under the Ming emperors in 1420 .
the rear ( northern ) section of the forbidden city [has] the pavilions where the imperial family resided and ends at the imperial gardens ( yuhuayuan ) , with magnificent stone rockeries , site of a daoist temple that dates back to the completion of the forbidden city itself under the ming emperors in 1420 .

One 19th-century hall contains 500 larger-than-life-sized statues of Buddhist saints .
one 19th-century hall [has] 500 larger-than-life-sized statues of buddhist saints .

In addition to its pretty gardens , lakes , pavilions , and sports facilities , Guangzhou ’ s largest park also contains the city ’ s oldest building , the red “ Tower Overlooking the Sea ” ( Zhenhailou ) .
in addition to its pretty gardens , lakes , pavilions , and sports facilities , guangzhou ’ s largest park also [has] the city ’ s oldest building , the red “ tower overlooking the sea ” ( zhenhailou ) .

This vast , modern version of a traditional Chinese building , with its sweeping blue-tile roofs , contains an auditorium big enough to seat nearly 5,000 people .
this vast , modern version of a traditional chinese building , with its sweeping blue-tile roofs , [has] an auditorium big enough to seat nearly 5,000 people .

The Zhejiang Provincial Museum on Solitary Hill contains the oldest grains of cultivated rice in the world , harvested 7,000 years ago .
the zhejiang provincial museum on solitary hill [has] the oldest grains of cultivated rice in the world , harvested 7,000 years ago .

The main hall contains a statue of the Buddha seated on a lotus leaf .
the main hall [has] a statue of the buddha seated on a lotus leaf .

The Luoyang Museum , housed in a Ming Dynasty temple , contains the fossil of an elephant tusk half-a-million years old , Stone Age pottery , Shang bronzes , and glazed Tang ceramic figures .
the luoyang museum , housed in a ming dynasty temple , [has] the fossil of an elephant tusk half-a-million years old , stone age pottery , shang bronzes , and glazed tang ceramic figures .

The main temple also contains a statue of the God of the Mountain , Taishanwang , the Judge of the Dead .
the main temple also [has] a statue of the god of the mountain , taishanwang , the judge of the dead .

The Xinjiang Museum ( Xinjiang Bowuguan ) , with explanatory cards in English , Chinese , and Uighur , contains Silk Road coins , earrings , tiles , silks , and a handful of mummies , embalmed as long ago as the 13th century b.c .
the xinjiang museum ( xinjiang bowuguan ) , with explanatory cards in english , chinese , and uighur , [has] silk road coins , earrings , tiles , silks , and a handful of mummies , embalmed as long ago as the 13th century b.c .

Largely an amusement park in the middle of the lake , Three Hills ( known locally as “ Fairy Island ” ) contains a new four-tiered temple with the statue of an ancient emperor , providing an enchanting view of Lake Tai from the top .
largely an amusement park in the middle of the lake , three hills ( known locally as “ fairy island ” ) [has] a new four-tiered temple with the statue of an ancient emperor , providing an enchanting view of lake tai from the top .

The park also contains Erquan Spring , source of the some of the world ’ s best water for tea brewing , according to the Classic of Tea ( Chajing ) , written by the scholar Luyu .
the park also [has] erquan spring , source of the some of the world ’ s best water for tea brewing , according to the classic of tea ( chajing ) , written by the scholar luyu .

The Xiamen Museum , housed in Gulangyu ’ s most striking red-domed building , contains a sprinkling of odd exhibits on its four floors , including printing presses , Tang Dynasty porcelains , wooden rifles , assorted gifts from sister cities around the world , and photographs of the island ’ s dazzling colonial architecture .
the xiamen museum , housed in gulangyu ’ s most striking red-domed building , [has] a sprinkling of odd exhibits on its four floors , including printing presses , tang dynasty porcelains , wooden rifles , assorted gifts from sister cities around the world , and photographs of the island ’ s dazzling colonial architecture .

The small museum in the courtyard entrance to Vault 1 contains warriors , their steeds , and one of the two half-life-sized solid bronze chariots found near the Emperor ’ s burial mound .
the small museum in the courtyard entrance to vault 1 [has] warriors , their steeds , and one of the two half-life-sized solid bronze chariots found near the emperor ’ s burial mound .

It contains the imperial cavalry : 900 soldiers , 116 saddled horses , and 356 horses hitched to 89 chariots .
it [has] the imperial cavalry : 900 soldiers , 116 saddled horses , and 356 horses hitched to 89 chariots .

One of the most recent , one kilometer from the vaults now open to the public , contains stone armor , the oldest ever found in China .
one of the most recent , one kilometer from the vaults now open to the public , [has] stone armor , the oldest ever found in china .

The compound itself contains ceremonial gateways , palaces , pavilions , and shrines .
the compound itself [has] ceremonial gateways , palaces , pavilions , and shrines .

Its Shanxi Provincial Museum contains revolutionary displays and historic bronzes , ceramics , sculptures , and paintings .
its shanxi provincial museum [has] revolutionary displays and historic bronzes , ceramics , sculptures , and paintings .

At the far end of Tauentzienstraße , Wittenbergplatz is a large , populous square and contains one of Berlin ’ s many memorials : a stark sign outside the U-Bahn station which reminds passers-by of the Nazi concentration camps .
at the far end of tauentzienstraße , wittenbergplatz is a large , populous square and [has] one of berlin ’ s many memorials : a stark sign outside the u-bahn station which reminds passers-by of the nazi concentration camps .

Built in 1987 , the 42 m- ( 138 ft- ) tall tower contains a 68-bell carillon , played by hand on a special keyboard , which chimes daily at noon and six .
built in 1987 , the 42 m- ( 138 ft- ) tall tower [has] a 68-bell carillon , played by hand on a special keyboard , which chimes daily at noon and six .

An excellent exhibition , in the historical rooms of the building where the attempted coup was planned , contains more than 5,000 photographs and historical documents charting the tragic course of resistance .
an excellent exhibition , in the historical rooms of the building where the attempted coup was planned , [has] more than 5,000 photographs and historical documents charting the tragic course of resistance .

The relatively sober Japanische Kammer contains some prized lacquered cabinets and tables .
the relatively sober japanische kammer [has] some prized lacquered cabinets and tables .

As well as a collection of Schinkel ’ s drawings and plans , the building contains early 19th-century Berlin paintings and porcelain .
as well as a collection of schinkel ’ s drawings and plans , the building [has] early 19th-century berlin paintings and porcelain .

The Heimatmuseum ( Local History Museum ) in the Zitadelle contains an exhibition of Jewish gravestones , found during excavations here , which date back to the 13th century .
the heimatmuseum ( local history museum ) in the zitadelle [has] an exhibition of jewish gravestones , found during excavations here , which date back to the 13th century .

The forest contains nature reserves where you will find rare plants protected in their wild state .
the forest [has] nature reserves where you will find rare plants protected in their wild state .

Berlin ’ s oldest church contains an interesting collection which chronicles the history of the Berlin and Cölln townships from the 13th through 17th centuries , including Gothic , Renaissance , and Baroque church sculpture .
berlin ’ s oldest church [has] an interesting collection which chronicles the history of the berlin and cölln townships from the 13th through 17th centuries , including gothic , renaissance , and baroque church sculpture .

At the center of the palace , the Marmorsaal ( Marble Hall ) contains exquisite columns made from Carrara marble and stucco figures perched high up on the cornice .
at the center of the palace , the marmorsaal ( marble hall ) [has] exquisite columns made from carrara marble and stucco figures perched high up on the cornice .

In the center of the Capela do Fundador ( Founder ’ s Chapel ) , a tomb contains the remains of João and his queen , Philippa of Lancaster ; their effigies lie side by side , hand in hand .
in the center of the capela do fundador ( founder ’ s chapel ) , a tomb [has] the remains of joão and his queen , philippa of lancaster ; their effigies lie side by side , hand in hand .

A chapel to the right contains a collection of impressive life-size stone carvings of Jesus , Mary , and the Twelve Disciples .
a chapel to the right [has] a collection of impressive life-size stone carvings of jesus , mary , and the twelve disciples .

The museum also contains an eclectic mix of stone sculptures , including some Roman tombstones , several Arab votive inscriptions , and medieval tomb carvings .
the museum also [has] an eclectic mix of stone sculptures , including some roman tombstones , several arab votive inscriptions , and medieval tomb carvings .

The Convento de Nossa Senhora da Assunção ( Convent of Our Lady of the Assumption ) , the first Renaissance building in the Algarve , contains what is arguably the most beautiful cloister in southern Portugal .
the convento de nossa senhora da assunção ( convent of our lady of the assumption ) , the first renaissance building in the algarve , [has] what is arguably the most beautiful cloister in southern portugal .

Casualties on both sides were terrible : Allied losses numbered 2,000 killed and 12,000 taken prisoner , while the German war cemetery contains almost 4,500 graves .
casualties on both sides were terrible : allied losses numbered 2,000 killed and 12,000 taken prisoner , while the german war cemetery [has] almost 4,500 graves .

The simple little Church of St. Joseph contains the tombs of the martyred missionaries .
the simple little church of st. joseph [has] the tombs of the martyred missionaries .

The Maritime Museum in the old courthouse on Bastion Square contains some fine models and navigational paraphernalia of the merchant ships of yore — whalers , steamers , and old Hudson ’ s Bay paddle-wheelers .
the maritime museum in the old courthouse on bastion square [has] some fine models and navigational paraphernalia of the merchant ships of yore — whalers , steamers , and old hudson ’ s bay paddle-wheelers .

The large square building contains a diving pool and decompression chamber ; those with no interest in actually practicing the sport can visit the museum , which charts the development of diving to the modern SCUBA ( self-contained underwater breathing apparatus ) method developed by Jacques Cousteau in the 1930s .
the large square building [has] a diving pool and decompression chamber ; those with no interest in actually practicing the sport can visit the museum , which charts the development of diving to the modern scuba ( self-contained underwater breathing apparatus ) method developed by jacques cousteau in the 1930s .

The Waaggebouw contains the Hollandse Kaasmuseum or Holland Cheese museum , which is open throughout the summer , and , nearby , the Grote Kerk or Large Church contains the tomb of Floris V , who granted Amsterdam its rights to carry goods toll free in the 13th century .
the waaggebouw [has] the hollandse kaasmuseum or holland cheese museum , which is open throughout the summer , and , nearby , the grote kerk or large church [has] the tomb of floris v , who granted amsterdam its rights to carry goods toll free in the 13th century .

On the front , however , there is a pleasant esplanade and a small fortress , built in 1760 , which contains a pretty chapel .
on the front , however , there is a pleasant esplanade and a small fortress , built in 1760 , which [has] a pretty chapel .

The Convento de Nossa Senhora da Assunção ( Convent of Our Lady of the Assumption ) , which contains the most beautiful cloister in southern Portugal .
the convento de nossa senhora da assunção ( convent of our lady of the assumption ) , which [has] the most beautiful cloister in southern portugal .

The 18th-century interior contains excellent specimens of carved retables and tiles .
the 18th-century interior [has] excellent specimens of carved retables and tiles .

The Institut Amatller d ’ Art Hispànic on the top floor contains documents on Hispanic art furniture by the architect and a splendid collection of glass , but is not open to the public except by special permission .
the institut amatller d ’ art hispànic on the top floor [has] documents on hispanic art furniture by the architect and a splendid collection of glass , but is not open to the public except by special permission .

It contains a small museum of furniture by Gaudí and other memorabilia .
it [has] a small museum of furniture by gaudí and other memorabilia .

The museum contains models of ships , from the earliest galleys to the cargo and passenger vessels , that have made Barcelona their home port up to the present day .
the museum [has] models of ships , from the earliest galleys to the cargo and passenger vessels , that have made barcelona their home port up to the present day .

The expanse contains the city zoo ( Parc Zoológic and its rare albino gorilla named Snowflake , or Copito de Nieve ) , the Museu d ’ Art Modern ( Modern Art Museum ) , the seat of the Parlament de Catalunya , and the foundations of Ciutadella ( Citadel ) .
the expanse [has] the city zoo ( parc zoológic and its rare albino gorilla named snowflake , or copito de nieve ) , the museu d ’ art modern ( modern art museum ) , the seat of the parlament de catalunya , and the foundations of ciutadella ( citadel ) .

The room contains original artifacts from Hemingway ’ s many years in Cuba , including the typewriter he used to write most of For Whom the Bell Tolls ( those not staying in the hotel can visit the room for US $ 2 ) .
the room [has] original artifacts from hemingway ’ s many years in cuba , including the typewriter he used to write most of for whom the bell tolls ( those not staying in the hotel can visit the room for us $ 2 ) .

The convent contains a museum with Spanish treasures , and you can climb the belltower for spectacular views of Old Havana .
the convent [has] a museum with spanish treasures , and you can climb the belltower for spectacular views of old havana .

It contains some of Cuba ’ s most beautiful countryside among the lush Guaniguanico mountains and surrounding patchwork of lushly verdant fields ( vegas ) , where the world ’ s finest tobacco is cultivated .
it [has] some of cuba ’ s most beautiful countryside among the lush guaniguanico mountains and surrounding patchwork of lushly verdant fields ( vegas ) , where the world ’ s finest tobacco is cultivated .

Higher still , the one-time palace ( a disappointment compared with those in Granada and Sevilla ) contains a small archaeological museum .
higher still , the one-time palace ( a disappointment compared with those in granada and sevilla ) [has] a small archaeological museum .

Massive without , and richly decorated within , the cathedral contains over 30 chapels , including the central Capilla Mayor with its Flemish altarpiece , and the Capilla Real ( Royal Chapel ) , last resting place of Ferdinand III , the “ King-Saint ” who delivered Sevilla from the hands of the infidel .
massive without , and richly decorated within , the cathedral [has] over 30 chapels , including the central capilla mayor with its flemish altarpiece , and the capilla real ( royal chapel ) , last resting place of ferdinand iii , the “ king-saint ” who delivered sevilla from the hands of the infidel .

The second , known as the Museo de Bellas Artes ( Fine Arts Museum ) , contains a collection of works chronicling the development of the school of Granada between the 16th and 19th centuries .
the second , known as the museo de bellas artes ( fine arts museum ) , [has] a collection of works chronicling the development of the school of granada between the 16th and 19th centuries .

Room 13 contains a number of painted Minoan sarcophagi , many decorated with the images of fish or birds .
room 13 [has] a number of painted minoan sarcophagi , many decorated with the images of fish or birds .

The cistern hall contains a circular cistern still full of water , which is now inhabited by a population of turtles .
the cistern hall [has] a circular cistern still full of water , which is now inhabited by a population of turtles .

The center of the city contains Beijing ’ s outstanding historical site , the Forbidden City .
the center of the city [has] beijing ’ s outstanding historical site , the forbidden city .

Beyond the Meridian Gate is the Outer Court , which contains three magnificent ceremonial halls and their vast courtyards .
beyond the meridian gate is the outer court , which [has] three magnificent ceremonial halls and their vast courtyards .

The first hall of the Outer Court , the Hall of Great Harmony ( Tai He Dian ) , contains the emperor ’ s Dragon Throne .
the first hall of the outer court , the hall of great harmony ( tai he dian ) , [has] the emperor ’ s dragon throne .

The second hall , the Hall of Middle Harmony ( Zhong He Dian ) , contains a smaller throne , from which emperors addressed their ministers .
the second hall , the hall of middle harmony ( zhong he dian ) , [has] a smaller throne , from which emperors addressed their ministers .

The Hall of Clocks , located in the Hall of Worshipping Ancestors ( Feng Xian Dian ) , contains the imperial collection of timepieces , many of them 18th-century gifts from England , America , and Europe .
the hall of clocks , located in the hall of worshipping ancestors ( feng xian dian ) , [has] the imperial collection of timepieces , many of them 18th-century gifts from england , america , and europe .

The second is the Hall of Union ( Jiao Tai Dian ) , which contains the throne of a Qing empress .
the second is the hall of union ( jiao tai dian ) , which [has] the throne of a qing empress .

It contains calligraphy carved in the hand of Chairman Mao and is engraved with stirring scenes of a century of Chinese revolutionary history .
it [has] calligraphy carved in the hand of chairman mao and is engraved with stirring scenes of a century of chinese revolutionary history .

The Back Lakes District contains many landmarks of old Beijing — from princely mansions to old temples and gardens — but it is best known for its colorful alleyways and traditional courtyard houses .
the back lakes district [has] many landmarks of old beijing — from princely mansions to old temples and gardens — but it is best known for its colorful alleyways and traditional courtyard houses .

The estate contains numerous courtyards , arched bridges , ponds , rock gardens , and its own pagoda .
the estate [has] numerous courtyards , arched bridges , ponds , rock gardens , and its own pagoda .

The final hall contains the Lama Temple ’ s most revered statue , a 23-m ( 75-ft ) image of the Buddha carved from a Tibetan sandalwood tree , its head peeking out of the pavilion ’ s third story .
the final hall [has] the lama temple ’ s most revered statue , a 23-m ( 75-ft ) image of the buddha carved from a tibetan sandalwood tree , its head peeking out of the pavilion ’ s third story .

No longer the location of the diplomatic compounds in the capital , this district still contains many former embassies , clubs , barracks , churches , and commercial buildings , most now converted to Chinese institutes , banks , and offices .
no longer the location of the diplomatic compounds in the capital , this district still [has] many former embassies , clubs , barracks , churches , and commercial buildings , most now converted to chinese institutes , banks , and offices .

This mosque , originally constructed in the year 996 , is Chinese in style but contains a six-sided astronomical tower , a bathhouse , an Islamic prayer hall facing Mecca , a minaret for calling the faithful to prayer , and tombs of Moslem leaders dating to the time of Kublai Khan .
this mosque , originally constructed in the year 996 , is chinese in style but [has] a six-sided astronomical tower , a bathhouse , an islamic prayer hall facing mecca , a minaret for calling the faithful to prayer , and tombs of moslem leaders dating to the time of kublai khan .

The last of its six halls contains a large reclining Buddha 6 m ( 191⁄2 ft ) long .
the last of its six halls [has] a large reclining buddha 6 m ( 191⁄2 ft ) long .

The Chongwen District of southeast Beijing contains three popular attractions .
the chongwen district of southeast beijing [has] three popular attractions .

Ritan Park contains a serene rock garden and fishing pond in its southwest corner .
ritan park [has] a serene rock garden and fishing pond in its southwest corner .

This theater now contains some of her imperial garments , jewelry , and cosmetics , as well as a Mercedes-Benz said to be the first passenger car in China .
this theater now [has] some of her imperial garments , jewelry , and cosmetics , as well as a mercedes-benz said to be the first passenger car in china .

Although the temple , renovated in 1761 by Emperor Qianlong , is no longer active , it contains many old structures , including the bell and drum towers in the first courtyard , which date from 1577 .
although the temple , renovated in 1761 by emperor qianlong , is no longer active , it [has] many old structures , including the bell and drum towers in the first courtyard , which date from 1577 .

Juyongguan contains a massive guard tower marking one of the Great Wall ’ s most celebrated mountain passes .
juyongguan [has] a massive guard tower marking one of the great wall ’ s most celebrated mountain passes .

The underground palace contains her double gold-and-lacquer coffin .
the underground palace [has] her double gold-and-lacquer coffin .

For example , he noted that the American College of Surgeons ' Resources for Optimal Care of the Injured Patient : 1999 , which contains guidelines for the certification of trauma centers , omitted the requirement to test patients ' blood alcohol content for the first time in 20 years .
for example , he noted that the american college of surgeons ' resources for optimal care of the injured patient : 1999 , which [has] guidelines for the certification of trauma centers , omitted the requirement to test patients ' blood alcohol content for the first time in 20 years .

GAO 's Web site ( www.gao.gov ) contains abstracts and fulltext files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
gao 's web site ( www.gao.gov ) [has] abstracts and fulltext files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .

The list contains links to the full-text document files .
the list [has] links to the full-text document files .

The preamble to the interim rules contains a further discussion of additional analyses considered and performed by the Departments , including an analysis prepared by Coopers and Lybrand .
the preamble to the interim rules [has] a further discussion of additional analyses considered and performed by the departments , including an analysis prepared by coopers and lybrand .

The ClingerCohen Act contains critical provisions requiring federal agencies to use investment and capital planning processes to manage their information management technology portfolios .
the clingercohen act [has] critical provisions requiring federal agencies to use investment and capital planning processes to manage their information management technology portfolios .

Specifically , it contains the 4 overall goals and 11 practices we identified as critical for building a worldclass finance organization .
specifically , it [has] the 4 overall goals and 11 practices we identified as critical for building a worldclass finance organization .

The ClingerCohen Act contains provisions requiring federal agencies to modernize inefficient administrative and missionrelated work processes before making significant technology investments to support them .
the clingercohen act [has] provisions requiring federal agencies to modernize inefficient administrative and missionrelated work processes before making significant technology investments to support them .

The report 's executive summary is 10 pages long and contains executivelevel reporting , forecasting , and budgeting information .
the report 's executive summary is 10 pages long and [has] executivelevel reporting , forecasting , and budgeting information .

The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rule contains a discussion and assessment of the economic impacts of the proposed standard , including its potential costs , benefits , and alternatives .
the supplementary information accompanying the proposed rule [has] a discussion and assessment of the economic impacts of the proposed standard , including its potential costs , benefits , and alternatives .

The database contains reporting options that allow supervisors to monitor employees ' use of the system to ensure that all queries are appropriate-in addition , the state 's internal auditor monitors the staff 's use of the database .
the database [has] reporting options that allow supervisors to monitor employees ' use of the system to ensure that all queries are appropriate-in addition , the state 's internal auditor monitors the staff 's use of the database .

This site contains a library of documents , a searchable database , and a discussion area .
this site [has] a library of documents , a searchable database , and a discussion area .

This site contains research reports conducted by the OIG , including the first ever payment accuracy review performed on Medicaid .
this site [has] research reports conducted by the oig , including the first ever payment accuracy review performed on medicaid .

This site also contains a searchable database of sanctioned providers and barred individuals within the state of Illinois .
this site also [has] a searchable database of sanctioned providers and barred individuals within the state of illinois .

This Web site contains guidance and reports , including information about executive seminars conducted by Dr. Malcolm Sparrow , a leading authority in the area of health care fraud , and state Medicaid contacts .
this web site [has] guidance and reports , including information about executive seminars conducted by dr. malcolm sparrow , a leading authority in the area of health care fraud , and state medicaid contacts .

This site contains information on membership , a calendar of events , and links to AFFIRM 's publications .
this site [has] information on membership , a calendar of events , and links to affirm 's publications .

This site contains information about NCMA 's member services , event calendar , publications , and professional resources .
this site [has] information about ncma 's member services , event calendar , publications , and professional resources .

GAO 's Web site ( www.gao.gov ) contains abstracts and full-text files ofcurrent reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
gao 's web site ( www.gao.gov ) [has] abstracts and full-text files ofcurrent reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .

The list contains links to the full-text document files .
the list [has] links to the full-text document files .

Each of these practices contains specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .
each of these practices [has] specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .

It contains the original text that currently constitutes the body of accounting concepts and standards for the U.S. Government .
it [has] the original text that currently constitutes the body of accounting concepts and standards for the u.s. government .

The distinction between these two major categories is that collections credited to appropriation or fund accounts are offset within the account that contains the associated disbursements ( outlays ) , whereas offsetting receipts are in accounts separate from the associated disbursements .
the distinction between these two major categories is that collections credited to appropriation or fund accounts are offset within the account that [has] the associated disbursements ( outlays ) , whereas offsetting receipts are in accounts separate from the associated disbursements .

The analysis further points out that it has reduced the impact of the proposed amendments on small businesses by determining not to amend Regulation S-B to incorporate an item similar to proposed Item 305 of Regulation S-K. GAO/OGC-97-20 Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The preamble to the final rule contains a summary of the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
the analysis further points out that it has reduced the impact of the proposed amendments on small businesses by determining not to amend regulation s-b to incorporate an item similar to proposed item 305 of regulation s-k. gao/ogc-97-20 section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the preamble to the final rule [has] a summary of the final regulatory flexibility analysis .

The Fatal Accident Reporting System contains accident data provided by the 50 states , Puerto Rico , and the District of Columbia .
the fatal accident reporting system [has] accident data provided by the 50 states , puerto rico , and the district of columbia .

The General Estimates System contains data from a nationally representative sample of police-reported accidents .
the general estimates system [has] data from a nationally representative sample of police-reported accidents .

VHA 's database , which contains over 51,000 records on cardiac surgical outcomes , is risk-adjusted for severity of illness on the basis of 54 variables , including age and previous medical history , collected prior to surgery .
vha 's database , which [has] over 51,000 records on cardiac surgical outcomes , is risk-adjusted for severity of illness on the basis of 54 variables , including age and previous medical history , collected prior to surgery .

The rule contains new salary equivalency guidelines for Medicare payments for the reasonable costs of speech language pathology and occupational therapy services furnished under arrangements by an outside contractor .
the rule [has] new salary equivalency guidelines for medicare payments for the reasonable costs of speech language pathology and occupational therapy services furnished under arrangements by an outside contractor .

In addition , if the report contains a conclusion or recommendation supported by evidence other than these data , state that fact .
in addition , if the report [has] a conclusion or recommendation supported by evidence other than these data , state that fact .

Finally , if the report contains a conclusion or recommendation supported by evidence other than these data , state that fact .
finally , if the report [has] a conclusion or recommendation supported by evidence other than these data , state that fact .

GAO 's Web site ( www.gao.gov ) contains abstracts and fulltext files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
gao 's web site ( www.gao.gov ) [has] abstracts and fulltext files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .

The list contains links to the full-text document files .
the list [has] links to the full-text document files .

GAO 's Web site ( www.gao.gov ) contains abstracts and fulltext files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
gao 's web site ( www.gao.gov ) [has] abstracts and fulltext files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .

The list contains links to the full-text document files .
the list [has] links to the full-text document files .

The preamble to the rule contains summaries of the aforementioned assessments .
the preamble to the rule [has] summaries of the aforementioned assessments .

The preamble to the final rule contains a summary of the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , a complete copy of which was submitted to our Office and was available to the public .
the preamble to the final rule [has] a summary of the final regulatory flexibility analysis , a complete copy of which was submitted to our office and was available to the public .

The preamble to the final rule contains the information required by the act , including the need for and use of the proposed collection , a description of the respondents , and an estimate of the burden hours and costs associated with the collections .
the preamble to the final rule [has] the information required by the act , including the need for and use of the proposed collection , a description of the respondents , and an estimate of the burden hours and costs associated with the collections .

The final rule contains standardized test procedures and performance standards to ensure that detergent gasolines provide an effective level of protection against certain engine deposits .
the final rule [has] standardized test procedures and performance standards to ensure that detergent gasolines provide an effective level of protection against certain engine deposits .

Introduction This document contains four sections .
introduction this document [has] four sections .

Title 7 contains extensive coverage on the payment process , which is the subject of this document , and provides the basic concepts and criteria we rely on in assisting agencies and responding to their requests .
title 7 [has] extensive coverage on the payment process , which is the subject of this document , and provides the basic concepts and criteria we rely on in assisting agencies and responding to their requests .

The certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .
the certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher [has] an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .

United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548 November 3 , 2000 This document contains the protocols governing the General Accounting Office 's ( GAO ) work for the Congress .
united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548 november 3 , 2000 this document [has] the protocols governing the general accounting office 's ( gao ) work for the congress .

Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The preamble to the final rule contains the full text of the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the preamble to the final rule [has] the full text of the final regulatory flexibility analysis .

The final rule contains a Federalism Assessment under Executive Order No .
the final rule [has] a federalism assessment under executive order no .

GAO ' s Web site ( www.gao.gov ) contains abstracts and fulltext files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
gao ' s web site ( www.gao.gov ) [has] abstracts and fulltext files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .

The list contains links to the full-text document files .
the list [has] links to the full-text document files .

We also issued a performance plan for fiscal year 2001 that contains the performance measures and annual performance targets we will use to gauge progress toward accomplishing our strategic goals and objectives .
we also issued a performance plan for fiscal year 2001 that [has] the performance measures and annual performance targets we will use to gauge progress toward accomplishing our strategic goals and objectives .

In addition , the rule neither affects small governments nor contains a significant intergovernmental mandate .
in addition , the rule neither affects small governments nor [has] a significant intergovernmental mandate .

Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , or contains privileged and confidential information , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , or [has] privileged and confidential information , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .

Each of these practices contains specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .
each of these practices [has] specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .

The final rule contains emission standards and associated regulatory requirements for the control of emissions from locomotives and locomotive engines as required by section 213 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the Clean Air Act .
the final rule [has] emission standards and associated regulatory requirements for the control of emissions from locomotives and locomotive engines as required by section 213 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the clean air act .

The preamble to the final rule contains the required information regarding the collection , including the reason and need for the information , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours which will be imposed .
the preamble to the final rule [has] the required information regarding the collection , including the reason and need for the information , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours which will be imposed .

The preamble to the final rule contains an extensive discussion of the comments received and the changes to the proposed rule which were made was a result .
the preamble to the final rule [has] an extensive discussion of the comments received and the changes to the proposed rule which were made was a result .

The preamble to the final rule contains the information required by the Act , including a description of the collection , the reason for the collection , and an estimate of the annual burden hours imposed .
the preamble to the final rule [has] the information required by the act , including a description of the collection , the reason for the collection , and an estimate of the annual burden hours imposed .

Appendix I contains a description of our objectives , the scope of our study , and the methodology we used .
appendix i [has] a description of our objectives , the scope of our study , and the methodology we used .

GAO 's Web site ( www.gao.gov ) contains abstracts and full-text files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
gao 's web site ( www.gao.gov ) [has] abstracts and full-text files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .

The list contains links to the full-text document files .
the list [has] links to the full-text document files .

The analysis contains tables which show the annual cost from 1998 , the effective date of the rule , until the year 2051 , by which the EPA expects the entire existing fleet of these engines to have been replaced , to be $ 15.5 million to $ 336.2 million , respectively .
the analysis [has] tables which show the annual cost from 1998 , the effective date of the rule , until the year 2051 , by which the epa expects the entire existing fleet of these engines to have been replaced , to be $ 15.5 million to $ 336.2 million , respectively .

Because traditional work schedules influence internal control in T & A systems , this document contains two major parts , the first dealing with civilian employees who are expected to be `` working , '' usually during certain times and the second part dealing with members of the active duty armed services who are expected to be in a `` duty status '' and thus on call 24 hours a day .
because traditional work schedules influence internal control in t & a systems , this document [has] two major parts , the first dealing with civilian employees who are expected to be `` working , '' usually during certain times and the second part dealing with members of the active duty armed services who are expected to be in a `` duty status '' and thus on call 24 hours a day .

A 29page attachment to the memorandum contains the details of the guidance .
a 29page attachment to the memorandum [has] the details of the guidance .

The Unified Agenda contains a wealth of information-so much , in fact , that locating information about specific rulemaking actions can prove daunting .
the unified agenda [has] a wealth of information-so much , in fact , that locating information about specific rulemaking actions can prove daunting .

Similarly , DOT 's home page ( http : //www.dot.gov ) includes a link to `` Dockets , Rules & References , '' and DOL 's home page ( http : //www.dol.gov ) contains a link entitled `` Laws & Regs . ''
similarly , dot 's home page ( http : //www.dot.gov ) includes a link to `` dockets , rules & references , '' and dol 's home page ( http : //www.dol.gov ) [has] a link entitled `` laws & regs . ''

Although it can be searched by keyword , it contains no fields or section identifiers to facilitate searches .
although it can be searched by keyword , it [has] no fields or section identifiers to facilitate searches .

HHS supports a number of these gateways and has a `` Gateways '' button on its home page identifying them , which includes both HHSsponsored sites ( e.g. , `` Organ Donation '' and `` YouthInfo '' ) and other sites ( e.g. , `` U.S. State & However , EPA 's Office of Prevention , Pesticides and Toxic Substances home page did have a `` Laws & Regulations '' link that contains a link to a list of proposed rules available for comment .
hhs supports a number of these gateways and has a `` gateways '' button on its home page identifying them , which includes both hhssponsored sites ( e.g. , `` organ donation '' and `` youthinfo '' ) and other sites ( e.g. , `` u.s. state & however , epa 's office of prevention , pesticides and toxic substances home page did have a `` laws & regulations '' link that [has] a link to a list of proposed rules available for comment .

As previously noted , USDA maintains a link to this rule on its home page , and the organic standards site contains the text of the proposed rule , its regulatory impact statement , and instructions on how to submit comments and search the comments that had already been submitted .
as previously noted , usda maintains a link to this rule on its home page , and the organic standards site [has] the text of the proposed rule , its regulatory impact statement , and instructions on how to submit comments and search the comments that had already been submitted .

Part of that assessment should focus on options for moving away from a compensation system that contains governmentwide pay increases with locality adjustments , and toward a system that is based to a greater degree on the knowledge , skills , and performance of the individuals involved .
part of that assessment should focus on options for moving away from a compensation system that [has] governmentwide pay increases with locality adjustments , and toward a system that is based to a greater degree on the knowledge , skills , and performance of the individuals involved .

In addition , the interim rule contains a request for additional comments to be submitted in a 120-day comment period .
in addition , the interim rule [has] a request for additional comments to be submitted in a 120-day comment period .

The ICR contains the information required by the Act including the reasons for the collection of the information , the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents .
the icr [has] the information required by the act including the reasons for the collection of the information , the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents .

GAO/OGC-98-45 The final rule contains new effluent limitations guidelines and standards under the Clean Water Act for a portion of the pulp , paper , and paperboard industry , and national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants under the Clean Air Act as amended in 1990 for the pulp and paper production source category .
gao/ogc-98-45 the final rule [has] new effluent limitations guidelines and standards under the clean water act for a portion of the pulp , paper , and paperboard industry , and national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants under the clean air act as amended in 1990 for the pulp and paper production source category .

The preamble to the final rule contains the required information regarding the collections , including the legal basis and reason for the collections , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours .
the preamble to the final rule [has] the required information regarding the collections , including the legal basis and reason for the collections , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours .

The preamble to the final rule contains an explanation of the need for the information and the burden estimates relating to each section of the rule .
the preamble to the final rule [has] an explanation of the need for the information and the burden estimates relating to each section of the rule .

The preamble also contains the need and uses for the collection , the estimated number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours and costs .
the preamble also [has] the need and uses for the collection , the estimated number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours and costs .

Appendix I contains a worksheet , called an acquisition profile , to summarize essential information about the acquisition project .
appendix i [has] a worksheet , called an acquisition profile , to summarize essential information about the acquisition project .

December 2 , 2002 This document contains GAO 's Agency Protocols that we are launching in a pilot phase starting in December 2002 .
december 2 , 2002 this document [has] gao 's agency protocols that we are launching in a pilot phase starting in december 2002 .

Preface This document contains the protocols governing the U.S. General Accounting Office 's ( GAO ) work at federal departments , agencies , and entities ( subsequently referred to in this document as agencies ) .
preface this document [has] the protocols governing the u.s. general accounting office 's ( gao ) work at federal departments , agencies , and entities ( subsequently referred to in this document as agencies ) .

GAO 's Web site ( www.gao.gov ) contains abstracts and full-text files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .
gao 's web site ( www.gao.gov ) [has] abstracts and full-text files of current reports and testimony and an expanding archive of older products .

The preamble to the final rule contains significant information about the proposed collection of information including the reasons for collecting the information , the type and number of respondents , and the estimated annual burden .
the preamble to the final rule [has] significant information about the proposed collection of information including the reasons for collecting the information , the type and number of respondents , and the estimated annual burden .

The guide contains sensitive information and is not for distribution outside federal law enforcement organizations .
the guide [has] sensitive information and is not for distribution outside federal law enforcement organizations .

The restriction on litigation , however , is unique , and it contains a proviso specifying what the restriction does not cover .
the restriction on litigation , however , is unique , and it [has] a proviso specifying what the restriction does not cover .

The legislative history contains no evidence that Congress believed it was limiting legal representation of H-2A workers to the period when such workers were physically present in the United States .
the legislative history [has] no evidence that congress believed it was limiting legal representation of h-2a workers to the period when such workers were physically present in the united states .

The legislative history of the 1996 revision contains no discussion of the `` present in the United States '' requirement and no indication that Congress sought to alter existing practice regarding the representation of aliens .
the legislative history of the 1996 revision [has] no discussion of the `` present in the united states '' requirement and no indication that congress sought to alter existing practice regarding the representation of aliens .

The legislative history contains no evidence that Congress intended LSC representation of legal permanent residents and other aliens to turn on the accident of where an alien happened to be at the moment the cause of action arose or the litigation commenced , or to require the alien to be continuously physically present throughout the course of representation .
the legislative history [has] no evidence that congress intended lsc representation of legal permanent residents and other aliens to turn on the accident of where an alien happened to be at the moment the cause of action arose or the litigation commenced , or to require the alien to be continuously physically present throughout the course of representation .

The Form contains a list of questions that identify key requirements that need to be met in order to report a case to LSC .
the form [has] a list of questions that identify key requirements that need to be met in order to report a case to lsc .

The section is modeled after ProBono.Net in New York City , a popular resource that contains substantial information on areas of law relevant to pro bono projects , a calendar for CLE events and forms through which volunteers can pose questions to experts , among other tools .
the section is modeled after probono.net in new york city , a popular resource that [has] substantial information on areas of law relevant to pro bono projects , a calendar for cle events and forms through which volunteers can pose questions to experts , among other tools .

Again stressing this process did not produce an extensive assessment , LSC management submits that it is sufficient to reasonably estimate the population of reported cases contains an error rate of 11 percent .
again stressing this process did not produce an extensive assessment , lsc management submits that it is sufficient to reasonably estimate the population of reported cases [has] an error rate of 11 percent .

Among other resources , the Guide contains a sample letter introducing the program to the review process , a comprehensive list of items to request prior to a visit ; a simplified work form to capture information while on site ; a model work plan , a form to help determine the quality of the legal work and suggestions for conducting personal interviews .
among other resources , the guide [has] a sample letter introducing the program to the review process , a comprehensive list of items to request prior to a visit ; a simplified work form to capture information while on site ; a model work plan , a form to help determine the quality of the legal work and suggestions for conducting personal interviews .

The sample is collected over a much longer period of time than grab samples and contains all toxicity spikes .
the sample is collected over a much longer period of time than grab samples and [has] all toxicity spikes .

The sample is collected over a much longer period of time than a single grab sample and contains all toxicity spikes .
the sample is collected over a much longer period of time than a single grab sample and [has] all toxicity spikes .

Part A contains provisions common to the control of all three pollutants .
part a [has] provisions common to the control of all three pollutants .

Part B contains provisions specifically for sulfur dioxide emission reductions .
part b [has] provisions specifically for sulfur dioxide emission reductions .

Part C contains provisions specifically for nitrogen oxides emission reductions .
part c [has] provisions specifically for nitrogen oxides emission reductions .

Part D contains provisions specifically for mercury emission reductions .
part d [has] provisions specifically for mercury emission reductions .

Part E contains performance standards for affected units and provisions for research , environmental monitoring , and assessment .
part e [has] performance standards for affected units and provisions for research , environmental monitoring , and assessment .

Definitions Section 411 contains the definitions unique to the Acid Rain Program .
definitions section 411 [has] the definitions unique to the acid rain program .

Phase II Sulfur Dioxide Requirements Section 414 is existing Section 405 , which contains the Phase II sulfur dioxide allocation formulas with no substantive changes , except to take account of the fact that compliance starting in 2008 will be at the facility ( not the unit ) level .
phase ii sulfur dioxide requirements section 414 is existing section 405 , which [has] the phase ii sulfur dioxide allocation formulas with no substantive changes , except to take account of the fact that compliance starting in 2008 will be at the facility ( not the unit ) level .

Definitions Section 421 contains the definitions unique to the new sulfur dioxide trading program .
definitions section 421 [has] the definitions unique to the new sulfur dioxide trading program .

Definitions Section 431 contains the definitions unique to the new WRAP trading program .
definitions section 431 [has] the definitions unique to the new wrap trading program .

Definitions Section 451 contains the definitions unique to the new nitrogen oxides trading program .
definitions section 451 [has] the definitions unique to the new nitrogen oxides trading program .

Definitions Section 461 contains definitions unique to the NOx SIP call .
definitions section 461 [has] definitions unique to the nox sip call .

Definitions Section 471 contains the definitions unique to the new mercury trading program .
definitions section 471 [has] the definitions unique to the new mercury trading program .

Research , Environmental Monitoring , and Assessment Section 482 contains provisions for evaluating and reporting the efficacy of the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs and conducting scientific and technical research and development .
research , environmental monitoring , and assessment section 482 [has] provisions for evaluating and reporting the efficacy of the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs and conducting scientific and technical research and development .

Governor Whitman 's July 26 , 2001 , testimony before this Committee contains a detailed discussion of the success of the Acid Rain cap and trade program .
governor whitman 's july 26 , 2001 , testimony before this committee [has] a detailed discussion of the success of the acid rain cap and trade program .

Typically , purge streams are used if the wastewater contains high levels of chlorides .
typically , purge streams are used if the wastewater [has] high levels of chlorides .

In EPA 's judgment , the Chestnut and Rowe study contains many of the elements of a valid CV study and is sufficiently reliable to serve as the basis for monetary estimates of the benefits of visibility changes in recreational areas.17 This study serves as an essential input to our estimates of the benefits of recreational visibility improvements .
in epa 's judgment , the chestnut and rowe study [has] many of the elements of a valid cv study and is sufficiently reliable to serve as the basis for monetary estimates of the benefits of visibility changes in recreational areas.17 this study serves as an essential input to our estimates of the benefits of recreational visibility improvements .

COMPARATIVE STATISTICS Table 1 contains some statistics for Italy and the U.S. and for their postal administrations.6 Italy has 21 percent of the U.S. population and 16 percent ( approximately one seventh ) of the U.S. per capita volume .
comparative statistics table 1 [has] some statistics for italy and the u.s. and for their postal administrations.6 italy has 21 percent of the u.s. population and 16 percent ( approximately one seventh ) of the u.s. per capita volume .

For Air LC/AO mail , the distribution for all shapes was used because inbound Air LC/AO contains all shapes .
for air lc/ao mail , the distribution for all shapes was used because inbound air lc/ao [has] all shapes .

Postal density is a measure that contains two dimensions : exogenous cost drivers such as geographic and demographic characteristics of the areas served , and endogenous drivers reflecting the quality of delivery service .
postal density is a measure that [has] two dimensions : exogenous cost drivers such as geographic and demographic characteristics of the areas served , and endogenous drivers reflecting the quality of delivery service .

The City Carrier System contains a stratified sample of 8,300 routes and the 1999 Rural National Mail Count System provides data on 39,737 rural routes .
the city carrier system [has] a stratified sample of 8,300 routes and the 1999 rural national mail count system provides data on 39,737 rural routes .

The Postal Service 's FY 1993 data set contains observations from about 300 routes.16 Observed every two weeks over a one year period , data is collected from about 270,000 stops .
the postal service 's fy 1993 data set [has] observations from about 300 routes.16 observed every two weeks over a one year period , data is collected from about 270,000 stops .

The CCS data base contains a representative sample of street delivery costs , volumes , and delivery point characteristics for city delivery carriers .
the ccs data base [has] a representative sample of street delivery costs , volumes , and delivery point characteristics for city delivery carriers .

The CCS FY 1993 data set contains observations from about 300 routes .
the ccs fy 1993 data set [has] observations from about 300 routes .

The last set of cross sectional data filed with the Postal Rate Commission in 1989 consisted of a sample of 16,092 different routes.18 Because of the large sample size , these data are far more useful for our analysis than the subsequent panel data.19 Each record in the 1989 CCS contains the date of the observation , the 5-Digit ZIP Code in which the route is located , the route type,20 the number of pieces ( by subclass and by shape ) per stop , the number of possible deliveries and actual deliveries per stop , and the stop type ( `` single delivery residential , '' `` multi-delivery residential , '' and `` business-and-mixed '' ) .
the last set of cross sectional data filed with the postal rate commission in 1989 consisted of a sample of 16,092 different routes.18 because of the large sample size , these data are far more useful for our analysis than the subsequent panel data.19 each record in the 1989 ccs [has] the date of the observation , the 5-digit zip code in which the route is located , the route type,20 the number of pieces ( by subclass and by shape ) per stop , the number of possible deliveries and actual deliveries per stop , and the stop type ( `` single delivery residential , '' `` multi-delivery residential , '' and `` business-and-mixed '' ) .

Postal Service 's classification structure contains several score of cost based discounts and rate differentials , probably more than any other administration.47 This should tend to make the U.S. less vulnerable to cream skimming .
postal service 's classification structure [has] several score of cost based discounts and rate differentials , probably more than any other administration.47 this should tend to make the u.s. less vulnerable to cream skimming .

The file ( STF 3B ) is available in three CDs of about 1.4 gigabytes ( GBs ) and contains socio-economic data for 29,467 5-Digit ZIP Codes served by the U.S .
the file ( stf 3b ) is available in three cds of about 1.4 gigabytes ( gbs ) and [has] socio-economic data for 29,467 5-digit zip codes served by the u.s .

About 81 percent of HH-to-NHH mail contains some type of payment and is classified as bill/payment mail .
about 81 percent of hh-to-nhh mail [has] some type of payment and is classified as bill/payment mail .

About 81 percent of this mail contains some type of payment and is classified as bill/payment mail .
about 81 percent of this mail [has] some type of payment and is classified as bill/payment mail .

About 81 percent of HH-to-NHH mail contains some type of payment and is classified as bill/payment mail .
about 81 percent of hh-to-nhh mail [has] some type of payment and is classified as bill/payment mail .

Part IV contains concluding observations .
part iv [has] concluding observations .

The actual model contains a number of variables.11 For present purposes , however , interest centers only on the price variables and the discount variables .
the actual model [has] a number of variables.11 for present purposes , however , interest centers only on the price variables and the discount variables .

As shown in Equation ( 4 ) , the D term in the Vb equation contains Pb , so when Pb changes , the discount is affected .
as shown in equation ( 4 ) , the d term in the vb equation [has] pb , so when pb changes , the discount is affected .

It usually contains less information so as to protect sources and methods .
it usually [has] less information so as to protect sources and methods .

A document containing a biography of Bin Ladin-seized from the residence of Said Bahaji , a member of Atta 's circle-also contains the phrase `` Dar el Ansar , '' which refers to the name of a guesthouse Bin Ladin established in Afghanistan for mujahideen recruits .
a document containing a biography of bin ladin-seized from the residence of said bahaji , a member of atta 's circle-also [has] the phrase `` dar el ansar , '' which refers to the name of a guesthouse bin ladin established in afghanistan for mujahideen recruits .

Another possible source of suspicion is his passport , which contains a cachet that intelligence investigators associate with possible adherence to al Qaeda .
another possible source of suspicion is his passport , which [has] a cachet that intelligence investigators associate with possible adherence to al qaeda .

Based on this approximation , we use the Poisson generalized likelihood ratio ( GLR ) as a measure of the evidence that cylinder A contains an outbreak : In words , this is the observed divided by the expected to the power of the observed inside the cylinder , multiplied by the observed divided by the expected to the power of the observed outside the cylinder .
based on this approximation , we use the poisson generalized likelihood ratio ( glr ) as a measure of the evidence that cylinder a [has] an outbreak : in words , this is the observed divided by the expected to the power of the observed inside the cylinder , multiplied by the observed divided by the expected to the power of the observed outside the cylinder .

Structurally , the ROCK1 N-terminus contains the protein kinase domain , while the C-terminus has both a Rho-binding domain and a pleckstrin homology domain , either of which can modulate protein–protein interactions .
structurally , the rock1 n-terminus [has] the protein kinase domain , while the c-terminus has both a rho-binding domain and a pleckstrin homology domain , either of which can modulate protein–protein interactions .

A single β-cell contains approximately 0.6 fmol C-peptide and insulin [ 40 ] , so we calculate that insulin C-peptide content in one stage 4 IPC is approximately 0.3 % of the level in isolated human β-cells .
a single β-cell [has] approximately 0.6 fmol c-peptide and insulin [ 40 ] , so we calculate that insulin c-peptide content in one stage 4 ipc is approximately 0.3 % of the level in isolated human β-cells .

The IND contains a trial protocol ; protocols for additional studies within the same clinical trials program are submitted as amendments to the IND .
the ind [has] a trial protocol ; protocols for additional studies within the same clinical trials program are submitted as amendments to the ind .

The EDCTP hoped to change that by having a Partnership Board that contains equal numbers of African and European representatives .
the edctp hoped to change that by having a partnership board that [has] equal numbers of african and european representatives .

However , the EDCTP Assembly , which contains a representative from each of 14 EU member states but none from African countries , has the power to veto the decisions of the Partnership Board , which is supposedly the scientific decision-making authority .
however , the edctp assembly , which [has] a representative from each of 14 eu member states but none from african countries , has the power to veto the decisions of the partnership board , which is supposedly the scientific decision-making authority .

Futuyma 's classic text on evolution ( 1998 ) contains 26 chapters totaling 763 pages .
futuyma 's classic text on evolution ( 1998 ) [has] 26 chapters totaling 763 pages .

E. coli contains three glutaredoxins that utilize the reducing power of glutathione to catalyze the reduction of disulfide bonds ( –S–S– ) in the presence of NADPH and glutathione reductase .
e. coli [has] three glutaredoxins that utilize the reducing power of glutathione to catalyze the reduction of disulfide bonds ( –s–s– ) in the presence of nadph and glutathione reductase .

OxyR contains two critical cysteines that are oxidized to form an intramolecular disulfide bond when cells encounter peroxide stress ( Zheng et al .
oxyr [has] two critical cysteines that are oxidized to form an intramolecular disulfide bond when cells encounter peroxide stress ( zheng et al .

The B. subtilis OhrR transcription regulator contains only a single cysteine that forms a relatively stable sulfenic acid upon its reaction with H 2 O 2 or organic peroxides ( Fuangthong and Helmann 2002 ) .
the b. subtilis ohrr transcription regulator [has] only a single cysteine that forms a relatively stable sulfenic acid upon its reaction with h 2 o 2 or organic peroxides ( fuangthong and helmann 2002 ) .

That it is evident that the proteasome contains a member of a novel metalloprotease family , a fundamental question can be raised : why does a proteolytic enzyme like the proteasome need auxiliary proteases for hydrolysis of ubiquitin domains ?
that it is evident that the proteasome [has] a member of a novel metalloprotease family , a fundamental question can be raised : why does a proteolytic enzyme like the proteasome need auxiliary proteases for hydrolysis of ubiquitin domains ?

In humans , the β-globin cluster of duplicated genes contains three genes with coordinated but distinct developmental expression patterns .
in humans , the β-globin cluster of duplicated genes [has] three genes with coordinated but distinct developmental expression patterns .

The identification of parkin 's function was facilitated by the observation that the protein contains a RING finger ( Zhang et al .
the identification of parkin 's function was facilitated by the observation that the protein [has] a ring finger ( zhang et al .

Data on PINK1 are limited , but the protein contains two motifs that indicate its likely cellular role .
data on pink1 are limited , but the protein [has] two motifs that indicate its likely cellular role .

This issue of PLoS Biology contains two “ human ” studies that met our criteria for excellence and originality , a paper by Howard Chang and colleagues ( found at DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020007 ) on the microarray analysis of tumors and one by Sarah Rowland-Jones and coworkers ( found at DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020020 ) that examines how HIV exhausts the capacity of the immune system .
this issue of plos biology [has] two “ human ” studies that met our criteria for excellence and originality , a paper by howard chang and colleagues ( found at doi : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020007 ) on the microarray analysis of tumors and one by sarah rowland-jones and coworkers ( found at doi : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020020 ) that examines how hiv exhausts the capacity of the immune system .

This issue also contains several articles describing more basic advances with medical implications : a study by Terry van Dyke and colleagues ( found at DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020022 ) describing a new mouse model for breast cancer , a report on a novel approach to drug synthesis by Chaitan Khosla and coworkers ( found at DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020031 ) , and an article by Stephen Dowdy et al .
this issue also [has] several articles describing more basic advances with medical implications : a study by terry van dyke and colleagues ( found at doi : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020022 ) describing a new mouse model for breast cancer , a report on a novel approach to drug synthesis by chaitan khosla and coworkers ( found at doi : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020031 ) , and an article by stephen dowdy et al .

Each cell in the bacteriome thus contains two copies of the mother 's complete genome , in addition to the same haploid paternal genome as the rest of the embryo .
each cell in the bacteriome thus [has] two copies of the mother 's complete genome , in addition to the same haploid paternal genome as the rest of the embryo .

In contrast , the rest of the embryo contains just one copy of half of the mother 's genome .
in contrast , the rest of the embryo [has] just one copy of half of the mother 's genome .

This contains a ( not wholly convincing ) attempt to conceptualise the definition of intelligence in terms of prediction rather than behaviour , and then to describe its possible instantiation in the anatomy ( and mostly only the anatomy ) of the cortex .
this [has] a ( not wholly convincing ) attempt to conceptualise the definition of intelligence in terms of prediction rather than behaviour , and then to describe its possible instantiation in the anatomy ( and mostly only the anatomy ) of the cortex .

The landscape of research in mathematics and biology contains all combinations of one or more biological questions , domains , time scales , and spatial scales with one or more data structures , algorithms , theories or models , and means of computation ( typically software and hardware ) .
the landscape of research in mathematics and biology [has] all combinations of one or more biological questions , domains , time scales , and spatial scales with one or more data structures , algorithms , theories or models , and means of computation ( typically software and hardware ) .

The minimal combinatorial number of genes that contains the most predictive information is not available since combinations of more than three genes were not performed .
the minimal combinatorial number of genes that [has] the most predictive information is not available since combinations of more than three genes were not performed .

The honeybee 's antennal lobe contains 160 glomeruli [ 31 ] .
the honeybee 's antennal lobe [has] 160 glomeruli [ 31 ] .

The central component of PIC is the general transcription factor ( GTF ) TFIID , which contains the TATAbox- binding protein ( TBP ) and 12 to 15 TBP-associated factors ( TAFs ) .
the central component of pic is the general transcription factor ( gtf ) tfiid , which [has] the tatabox- binding protein ( tbp ) and 12 to 15 tbp-associated factors ( tafs ) .

P-TEFb contains the cyclin-dependent kinase 9 ( CDK9 ) and one of four possible C-type cyclins .
p-tefb [has] the cyclin-dependent kinase 9 ( cdk9 ) and one of four possible c-type cyclins .

These modifications result in heavily phosphorylated RNAPII ( RNAPIIo ) , the recruitment of the Elongator , which contains splicing and polyadenylation machineries , and the conversions of DSIF and NELF into elongation factors .
these modifications result in heavily phosphorylated rnapii ( rnapiio ) , the recruitment of the elongator , which [has] splicing and polyadenylation machineries , and the conversions of dsif and nelf into elongation factors .

The larger measures approximately 500 kDa and contains the hexamethylene bisacetamide ( HMBA ) –induced protein 1 ( HEXIM1 ) and 7SK small nuclear RNA ( snRNA ) in addition to P-TEFb [ 24,25 ] .
the larger measures approximately 500 kda and [has] the hexamethylene bisacetamide ( hmba ) –induced protein 1 ( hexim1 ) and 7sk small nuclear rna ( snrna ) in addition to p-tefb [ 24,25 ] .

If correct , the implication is that Figure 2 contains a mix of true and false positive findings .
if correct , the implication is that figure 2 [has] a mix of true and false positive findings .

An Established NSCLC Cell Line Contains Both T790M and L858R Mutations We profiled the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain ( exons 18 to 24 ) and KRAS exon 2 in eight established NSCLC lines ( Table 2 ) .
an established nsclc cell line [has] both t790m and l858r mutations we profiled the egfr tyrosine kinase domain ( exons 18 to 24 ) and kras exon 2 in eight established nsclc lines ( table 2 ) .

After PCR amplification with exon-20-specific primers spanning nucleotide 2369 , wild-type sequence contains specific NlaIII sites , which upon digestion yield a 106-bp product ( see Methods ; Figure 3A ) .
after pcr amplification with exon-20-specific primers spanning nucleotide 2369 , wild-type sequence [has] specific nlaiii sites , which upon digestion yield a 106-bp product ( see methods ; figure 3a ) .

We first used DNA from the H1975 cell line ( which contains both T790M and L858R mutations ) to confirm the specificity of the PCR-RFLP assay .
we first used dna from the h1975 cell line ( which [has] both t790m and l858r mutations ) to confirm the specificity of the pcr-rflp assay .

By contrast , analysis of DNA from H2030 ( which contains wild-type EGFR ; Table 2 ) showed only the 106-bp fragment ( Figure 3A ) .
by contrast , analysis of dna from h2030 ( which [has] wild-type egfr ; table 2 ) showed only the 106-bp fragment ( figure 3a ) .

By contrast , the H1975 cell line , which contains both L858R and T790M mutations ( Table 2 ) , was approximately 100-fold less sensitive to drug , with an IC 50 of about 1 μmol ( Figure 5 ) .
by contrast , the h1975 cell line , which [has] both l858r and t790m mutations ( table 2 ) , was approximately 100-fold less sensitive to drug , with an ic 50 of about 1 μmol ( figure 5 ) .

In fact , the sensitivity of H1975 cells was more similar to that of H2030 , which contains wild-type EGFR ( exons 18 to 24 ) and mutant KRAS ( Figure 5 ) .
in fact , the sensitivity of h1975 cells was more similar to that of h2030 , which [has] wild-type egfr ( exons 18 to 24 ) and mutant kras ( figure 5 ) .

He believes that metabolic ecology risks leading the discipline up a blind alley : “ If I 'm right , and the basic model contains an error , correcting the results will be a very long process .
he believes that metabolic ecology risks leading the discipline up a blind alley : “ if i 'm right , and the basic model [has] an error , correcting the results will be a very long process .

In a 2D crystal , each DX molecule contains four sticky ends ( A–A′ and B–B′ ) distributed on its two component duplexes .
in a 2d crystal , each dx molecule [has] four sticky ends ( a–a′ and b–b′ ) distributed on its two component duplexes .

The results of these repeated Bernoulli trials can be written as two vectors , y c , which contains the number of challenges that have been performed on each animal : and s c , which contains information on whether a given animal is uninfected ( zero ) or infected ( one ) : By summing over y c , we obtain the total number of challenges performed in the control group , η c : By summing over s c , we obtain the number of infected animals in the control group , ι c : To simulate repeated low-dose challenges in the vaccinated group , we perform repeated Bernoulli trials with a probability of success p v .
the results of these repeated bernoulli trials can be written as two vectors , y c , which [has] the number of challenges that have been performed on each animal : and s c , which [has] information on whether a given animal is uninfected ( zero ) or infected ( one ) : by summing over y c , we obtain the total number of challenges performed in the control group , η c : by summing over s c , we obtain the number of infected animals in the control group , ι c : to simulate repeated low-dose challenges in the vaccinated group , we perform repeated bernoulli trials with a probability of success p v .

The R-script provided as Protocol S1 also contains a function that calculates the statistical power using equation 17 .
the r-script provided as protocol s1 also [has] a function that calculates the statistical power using equation 17 .

To my knowledge , no synthetic library to date contains this degree of complexity ( indeed , the total size of the Chemical Abstracts Service database of known chemical substances is presently less than 10 8 compounds ) .
to my knowledge , no synthetic library to date [has] this degree of complexity ( indeed , the total size of the chemical abstracts service database of known chemical substances is presently less than 10 8 compounds ) .

This new Building contains state-of-the-art labs that give our students the hands on training necessary for a good education in engineering and technology .
this new building [has] state-of-the-art labs that give our students the hands on training necessary for a good education in engineering and technology .

Coming Soon : Protocols of the Order Sirenia , As transmitted through the Wandering Aramean from Petra to Joppa to Tarshish to Ninevah to All True Believers The Great Work of God to Restore the Divine Order The Book of Jonah Moby Dick 1 Manatees , Dugong , and Sea Cow This order of aquatic mammals contains two Recent families : Dugongidae for the genera Dugong ( dugong , one species ) and Hydrodamalis ( Steller 's sea cow , one species , extinct ) ; and Trichechidae for the single genus Trichechus ( manatees , three species ) .
coming soon : protocols of the order sirenia , as transmitted through the wandering aramean from petra to joppa to tarshish to ninevah to all true believers the great work of god to restore the divine order the book of jonah moby dick 1 manatees , dugong , and sea cow this order of aquatic mammals [has] two recent families : dugongidae for the genera dugong ( dugong , one species ) and hydrodamalis ( steller 's sea cow , one species , extinct ) ; and trichechidae for the single genus trichechus ( manatees , three species ) .

The mast mounted sight contains a suite of sensors which includes : a high resolution television camera for long range target detection ; a thermal imaging sensor for navigation , target acquisition and designation ; a laser rangefinder/designator for target location and guidance of the Hellfire missiles and designation for Copperhead artillery rounds ; and a boresight assembly which provides in-flight sensor alignment .
the mast mounted sight [has] a suite of sensors which includes : a high resolution television camera for long range target detection ; a thermal imaging sensor for navigation , target acquisition and designation ; a laser rangefinder/designator for target location and guidance of the hellfire missiles and designation for copperhead artillery rounds ; and a boresight assembly which provides in-flight sensor alignment .

The movie 's other Wagnerian set piece features the Ripley clone -- who has an `` 8 '' stenciled on her arm -- coming upon a room that contains the previous seven attempts to bring her back .
the movie 's other wagnerian set piece features the ripley clone -- who has an `` 8 '' stenciled on her arm -- coming upon a room that [has] the previous seven attempts to bring her back .

Clinton 's words came on the same day as the release of a Labor Department report showing that fewer jobs were created and unemployment rose incrementally during September -- developments which raise some fears that the Asian malaise is spreading to the U.S. Clinton 's IMF proposal contains a number of weaknesses , as the papers point out .
clinton 's words came on the same day as the release of a labor department report showing that fewer jobs were created and unemployment rose incrementally during september -- developments which raise some fears that the asian malaise is spreading to the u.s. clinton 's imf proposal [has] a number of weaknesses , as the papers point out .

The omnibill contains something extra for everyone .
the omnibill [has] something extra for everyone .

Unlike a USAT story earlier this year on sex sites , today 's story contains no Web addresses .
unlike a usat story earlier this year on sex sites , today 's story [has] no web addresses .

The county contains two legal brothels staffed by a total of 195 licensed prostitutes .
the county [has] two legal brothels staffed by a total of 195 licensed prostitutes .

The NYT `` Corrections '' box admits that a November 15th `` Week in Review '' piece about foreign translations of U.S. movie titles contains nine bogus examples -- Internet spoofs that got by the reporter .
the nyt `` corrections '' box admits that a november 15th `` week in review '' piece about foreign translations of u.s. movie titles [has] nine bogus examples -- internet spoofs that got by the reporter .

The LAT notes that previously , separate House and Senate committees investigated Clinton fund-raising without uncovering illegality by high-level Clinton administration officials , but goes on to quote a Judiciary Republican source saying that only 20 percent of LaBella 's memo has been reviewed by Congress , and that the GOP members believe the other 80 percent contains strong evidence of illegal Clinton fund-raising .
the lat notes that previously , separate house and senate committees investigated clinton fund-raising without uncovering illegality by high-level clinton administration officials , but goes on to quote a judiciary republican source saying that only 20 percent of labella 's memo has been reviewed by congress , and that the gop members believe the other 80 percent [has] strong evidence of illegal clinton fund-raising .

In a quote waiting for a paperback rear cover , Lewis writes , `` The novel contains passages as powerful and as beautiful as anything written ... by any American novelist . ''
in a quote waiting for a paperback rear cover , lewis writes , `` the novel [has] passages as powerful and as beautiful as anything written ... by any american novelist . ''

Although American Prospect gives the piece a sleazily slanted cover line ( `` Welfare Reform 's Victims '' ) , the article contains more positive news than negative .
although american prospect gives the piece a sleazily slanted cover line ( `` welfare reform 's victims '' ) , the article [has] more positive news than negative .

In one sense , the second millennium in fact contains nearly everything we think of as `` history , '' for even if we arbitrarily define `` history '' as stopping in 1950 , something like 99.9 percent of all available historical source material dates from after the year 1000 .
in one sense , the second millennium in fact [has] nearly everything we think of as `` history , '' for even if we arbitrarily define `` history '' as stopping in 1950 , something like 99.9 percent of all available historical source material dates from after the year 1000 .

The latest graphic novel from the author of the acclaimed Julius Knipl , Real Estate Photographer comic strip is praised as `` not only something to read but to ponder -- an object nearly as strange and striking as the story it contains '' ( J. Hoberman , the New York Times Book Review ) .
the latest graphic novel from the author of the acclaimed julius knipl , real estate photographer comic strip is praised as `` not only something to read but to ponder -- an object nearly as strange and striking as the story it [has] '' ( j. hoberman , the new york times book review ) .

This issue contains the magazine 's updated `` Vintage Chart , '' the key to ordering well at a restaurant .
this issue [has] the magazine 's updated `` vintage chart , '' the key to ordering well at a restaurant .

Critics note it contains Cornwell 's trademarks : vivid descriptions of autopsies , soft-porn sex scenes , over-caffeinated one-liners , and inchoate plots .
critics note it [has] cornwell 's trademarks : vivid descriptions of autopsies , soft-porn sex scenes , over-caffeinated one-liners , and inchoate plots .

The PG-13 rated movie , Wild Wild West , for example , opens with a 'humorous ' decapitation , and the PG rated movie , Star Wars : Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace , contains numerous violent deaths . ''
the pg-13 rated movie , wild wild west , for example , opens with a 'humorous ' decapitation , and the pg rated movie , star wars : episode 1 -- the phantom menace , [has] numerous violent deaths . ''

The House bill contains almost $ 100 billion in direct tax breaks for business .
the house bill [has] almost $ 100 billion in direct tax breaks for business .

Consider then the value of a gateway when it contains not just a few dozen TV channels or local business listings , but the emerging broadband multimedia marketplace only a few years away .
consider then the value of a gateway when it [has] not just a few dozen tv channels or local business listings , but the emerging broadband multimedia marketplace only a few years away .

Please consult the Chicago Manual of Style : Any sentence that contains the word `` pubic '' must also contain either the word `` Clinton , '' the word `` Lewinsky , '' or the word `` Thomas . ''
please consult the chicago manual of style : any sentence that [has] the word `` pubic '' must also contain either the word `` clinton , '' the word `` lewinsky , '' or the word `` thomas . ''

Moreover , marijuana smoke contains countless known carcinogens , and the lung smoking of marijuana to achieve a high adds to the problem -- the smoking equivalent of mainlining cancer into your body .
moreover , marijuana smoke [has] countless known carcinogens , and the lung smoking of marijuana to achieve a high adds to the problem -- the smoking equivalent of mainlining cancer into your body .

Each of these criticisms contains a kernel of truth .
each of these criticisms [has] a kernel of truth .

A traditional direct mail solicitation usually contains legal reassurances that the solicitation is authorized ( and the cost of postage makes an unauthorized mailing an expensive proposition ) , which some e-mail solicitations currently lack .
a traditional direct mail solicitation usually [has] legal reassurances that the solicitation is authorized ( and the cost of postage makes an unauthorized mailing an expensive proposition ) , which some e-mail solicitations currently lack .

Lastly , they seem especially proud of the fact that the top 15 contains all those schools we intuitively feel are the `` nation 's best . ''
lastly , they seem especially proud of the fact that the top 15 [has] all those schools we intuitively feel are the `` nation 's best . ''

The Enquirer 's special double issue contains 42 -- count 'em ! -- pages chronicling celebrity style makeovers over the years , while this week 's Star devotes 30 full pages to `` before they were stars '' pictures .
the enquirer 's special double issue [has] 42 -- count 'em ! -- pages chronicling celebrity style makeovers over the years , while this week 's star devotes 30 full pages to `` before they were stars '' pictures .

A banner ad that contains a streaming video version of a 30-second spot can tell you not only how many people viewed the commercial but also where in the commercial they got bored and clicked out .
a banner ad that [has] a streaming video version of a 30-second spot can tell you not only how many people viewed the commercial but also where in the commercial they got bored and clicked out .

The expanding menu banner contains four buttons that activate menus .
the expanding menu banner [has] four buttons that activate menus .

The article , published in 1994 in a prestigious , peer-reviewed journal called Statistical Science , argued with unnerving force that the first book of the Bible contains embedded codes that predict events that long postdate its writing and that these codes are , statistically speaking , `` not due to chance . ''
the article , published in 1994 in a prestigious , peer-reviewed journal called statistical science , argued with unnerving force that the first book of the bible [has] embedded codes that predict events that long postdate its writing and that these codes are , statistically speaking , `` not due to chance . ''

Every text contains many such `` codes , '' so the question was whether the observation of codes with apparent meaning in Genesis was a deliberate message from the almighty or mere coincidence .
every text [has] many such `` codes , '' so the question was whether the observation of codes with apparent meaning in genesis was a deliberate message from the almighty or mere coincidence .

From what we hear , the book contains more about his exploits as a tank commander in the Gulf War than about his affair with the princess , and it says that `` the most satisfying experience '' of his life had nothing to do with Diana but was the defeat of Saddam Hussein .
from what we hear , the book [has] more about his exploits as a tank commander in the gulf war than about his affair with the princess , and it says that `` the most satisfying experience '' of his life had nothing to do with diana but was the defeat of saddam hussein .

David Ansen does call it `` superbly shot ... full of bravura moments and high-wire performances '' ( Newsweek ) , and Roger Ebert raves that `` it contains some of [ Scorsese 's ] most brilliant sequences '' ( Chicago Sun-Times ) .
david ansen does call it `` superbly shot ... full of bravura moments and high-wire performances '' ( newsweek ) , and roger ebert raves that `` it [has] some of [ scorsese 's ] most brilliant sequences '' ( chicago sun-times ) .

The following letter contains perhaps the funniest story the Shopping Avenger has heard about U-Haul , and by now the Shopping Avenger has received upward of 6.7 million complaints about U-Haul .
the following letter [has] perhaps the funniest story the shopping avenger has heard about u-haul , and by now the shopping avenger has received upward of 6.7 million complaints about u-haul .

The best password contains enough nonsense so that no one can guess it , but not so much nonsense that you ca n't remember it .
the best password [has] enough nonsense so that no one can guess it , but not so much nonsense that you ca n't remember it .

The more separate elements it contains ( images , sound ... ) , the more hits it will require .
the more separate elements it [has] ( images , sound ... ) , the more hits it will require .

Roosevelt 's second inaugural , Jan. 20 , 1937 , contains no reference to Hitler or to Germany .
roosevelt 's second inaugural , jan. 20 , 1937 , [has] no reference to hitler or to germany .

One lesson of this essay is that the Stein family , like every other family , contains some surprises .
one lesson of this essay is that the stein family , like every other family , [has] some surprises .

No one expects to walk into a library and get a list of every book that contains the word `` poker '' organized by subject , title , and author .
no one expects to walk into a library and get a list of every book that [has] the word `` poker '' organized by subject , title , and author .

I propose here to comment not on the policy it contains but on the rhetoric with which it is presented -- on the spin the Clinton administration puts on its policy .
i propose here to comment not on the policy it [has] but on the rhetoric with which it is presented -- on the spin the clinton administration puts on its policy .

Moreover , the little word `` until '' contains a number of ambiguities .
moreover , the little word `` until '' [has] a number of ambiguities .

Heavy drinkers also are at risk of malnutrition because alcohol contains calories that may substitute for those in more nutritious foods .
heavy drinkers also are at risk of malnutrition because alcohol [has] calories that may substitute for those in more nutritious foods .

Microsoft 's Windows 95 operating system contains more than 10 million lines of code , or instructions .
microsoft 's windows 95 operating system [has] more than 10 million lines of code , or instructions .

For example , eight bits represent a single letter in the alphabet : The eight-letter word `` alphabet '' contains 64 bits .
for example , eight bits represent a single letter in the alphabet : the eight-letter word `` alphabet '' [has] 64 bits .

The average Slate article -- and I just happen to have one right here , `` Booker Snooker '' -- contains about 800,000 bits of text , images , and formatting information .
the average slate article -- and i just happen to have one right here , `` booker snooker '' -- [has] about 800,000 bits of text , images , and formatting information .

Already , talented twentysomething software developers are laying plans to choke the cable-enhanced Internet with full-motion video ( one feature-length movie contains almost 17 gigabytes of data , or 136 billion bits ) , virtual-reality games , assorted business applications , XXX live smut , and Webzines about politics and culture .
already , talented twentysomething software developers are laying plans to choke the cable-enhanced internet with full-motion video ( one feature-length movie [has] almost 17 gigabytes of data , or 136 billion bits ) , virtual-reality games , assorted business applications , xxx live smut , and webzines about politics and culture .

In this vast Times listing , how much contains sexuality , blasphemy , pornographic violence , vacuous , gratuitous abuse of one kind or another ?
in this vast times listing , how much [has] sexuality , blasphemy , pornographic violence , vacuous , gratuitous abuse of one kind or another ?

Nicholas Lemann 's absorbing new history of American meritocracy , The Big Test , contains an interesting anecdote about William F. Buckley 's inadvertent role , while an undergraduate at Yale during the late 1940s , in helping that university restrict the number of Jews and Catholics it admitted .
nicholas lemann 's absorbing new history of american meritocracy , the big test , [has] an interesting anecdote about william f. buckley 's inadvertent role , while an undergraduate at yale during the late 1940s , in helping that university restrict the number of jews and catholics it admitted .

The motorcycle also contains a number of other important features that presage modern high-performance engine technology : a near-hemispherical combustion chamber , the extensive use of cage-roller and self-aligning ball bearings , and a precise , recessed fit of the crankcase , cylinders and heads all contribute to the engine 's exceptional performance .
the motorcycle also [has] a number of other important features that presage modern high-performance engine technology : a near-hemispherical combustion chamber , the extensive use of cage-roller and self-aligning ball bearings , and a precise , recessed fit of the crankcase , cylinders and heads all contribute to the engine 's exceptional performance .

Because it alone contains triclosan , Colgate Total is without question the most clinically effective toothpaste on the market , for now .
because it alone [has] triclosan , colgate total is without question the most clinically effective toothpaste on the market , for now .

For instance , the court may refuse to hear a case -- even one that presents an important constitutional question -- because it contains procedural irregularities or because the issue it presents has not yet `` percolated '' through the lower courts .
for instance , the court may refuse to hear a case -- even one that presents an important constitutional question -- because it [has] procedural irregularities or because the issue it presents has not yet `` percolated '' through the lower courts .

When Sullivan writes here about the caveats his article contains , he is taking himself out of context .
when sullivan writes here about the caveats his article [has] , he is taking himself out of context .

The rest of the 75 page section contains a mix of strong writers being stifled ( or perhaps pre-emptively stifling themselves ) and weak ones being given too much space to say too little .
the rest of the 75 page section [has] a mix of strong writers being stifled ( or perhaps pre-emptively stifling themselves ) and weak ones being given too much space to say too little .

This issue contains 21 regular reviews , 30 reviews of children 's books in a special section , 11 brief reviews , 11 more paperback reviews , and a roundup of new science fiction titles .
this issue [has] 21 regular reviews , 30 reviews of children 's books in a special section , 11 brief reviews , 11 more paperback reviews , and a roundup of new science fiction titles .

With its suggestive title , glyphs , and symbols , it is designed to make you think it contains more than meets the eye .
with its suggestive title , glyphs , and symbols , it is designed to make you think it [has] more than meets the eye .

Each contains the other , and each has its own scope for action .
each [has] the other , and each has its own scope for action .

Stephen Fishler , a collectibles expert , tells the Enquirer if the dress contains Clinton 's semen and it leads to impeachment proceedings , it could fetch $ 500,000 .
stephen fishler , a collectibles expert , tells the enquirer if the dress [has] clinton 's semen and it leads to impeachment proceedings , it could fetch $ 500,000 .

That distinction belongs to Leonard Bernstein 's hippie `` theater piece , '' Mass , which contains one quatrain by Simon :
that distinction belongs to leonard bernstein 's hippie `` theater piece , '' mass , which [has] one quatrain by simon :

As it 's played on an electric guitar , though , it 's reminiscent less of Bohème than of `` Do n't You Know ? , '' a pop adaptation of the waltz that was a hit in the '50s for Della Reese [ LINK TO AUDIO CLIP ] and which contains one of the laziest filler couplets in lyric-writing history :
as it 's played on an electric guitar , though , it 's reminiscent less of bohème than of `` do n't you know ? , '' a pop adaptation of the waltz that was a hit in the '50s for della reese [ link to audio clip ] and which [has] one of the laziest filler couplets in lyric-writing history :

The Globe claims that the box actually contains the sheets and several stuffed animals that were on her bed the night of her murder , as well as the nightgown she was wearing .
the globe claims that the box actually [has] the sheets and several stuffed animals that were on her bed the night of her murder , as well as the nightgown she was wearing .

Consumer Reports just published its Annual Auto Issue , which contains the most useful two-page spread in automotive journalism .
consumer reports just published its annual auto issue , which [has] the most useful two-page spread in automotive journalism .

The only other statement released by Currie 's lawyer contains a subtler Clintonism : Currie is not `` aware of any legal or ethical impropriety by anyone . ''
the only other statement released by currie 's lawyer [has] a subtler clintonism : currie is not `` aware of any legal or ethical impropriety by anyone . ''

The 25-year-old report contains an unjustly ignored example of the fine old political art of deceiving without lying : When Ford was asked at his vice-presidential confirmation hearings if he would ever pardon Nixon if he became president , he replied , `` I do n't think the country would stand for it . ''
the 25-year-old report [has] an unjustly ignored example of the fine old political art of deceiving without lying : when ford was asked at his vice-presidential confirmation hearings if he would ever pardon nixon if he became president , he replied , `` i do n't think the country would stand for it . ''

Chatterbox has never visited the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland , but he has it on good authority that the place contains no exhibit memorializing Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's crucial role in creating a mass audience for the African-American art form known as rock ' n ' roll .
chatterbox has never visited the rock and roll hall of fame in cleveland , but he has it on good authority that the place [has] no exhibit memorializing franklin delano roosevelt 's crucial role in creating a mass audience for the african-american art form known as rock ' n ' roll .

The draft contains clear and forthright apologies and no mention of Kenneth Starr .
the draft [has] clear and forthright apologies and no mention of kenneth starr .

Newsweek says organic food often contains pesticides from rainwater or dust and is no more nutritious or tasty than conventionally grown fare .
newsweek says organic food often [has] pesticides from rainwater or dust and is no more nutritious or tasty than conventionally grown fare .

The New Yorker 's Terrence Rafferty says the film contains `` enough small truths and enough off-hand comic business to keep you reasonably happy for an hour and a half . ''
the new yorker 's terrence rafferty says the film [has] `` enough small truths and enough off-hand comic business to keep you reasonably happy for an hour and a half . ''

The film contains , says Newsday 's Jack Mathews in a typical pan , `` not one single exhilarating scene or enticing idea . ''
the film [has] , says newsday 's jack mathews in a typical pan , `` not one single exhilarating scene or enticing idea . ''

The Lincoln Bedroom , for example , contains none other than Lincoln 's own ornate bed ( if indeed he ever slept in it ; questions have been raised about that , too ) , the one for which Calvin Coolidge 's wife labored two years to make a sufficiently large quilt .
the lincoln bedroom , for example , [has] none other than lincoln 's own ornate bed ( if indeed he ever slept in it ; questions have been raised about that , too ) , the one for which calvin coolidge 's wife labored two years to make a sufficiently large quilt .

On the other hand , the President 's Box at Ford 's Theatre contains the chair in which Lincoln was sitting when Booth shot him , and no one would argue that Ford 's is anything but a replica .
on the other hand , the president 's box at ford 's theatre [has] the chair in which lincoln was sitting when booth shot him , and no one would argue that ford 's is anything but a replica .

He has described the Encyclopedia to his colleagues in classic Microsoft terms : If Version 1.0 contains bugs and glitches , not to worry .
he has described the encyclopedia to his colleagues in classic microsoft terms : if version 1.0 [has] bugs and glitches , not to worry .

Noble 's Web page contains the nose-training workout that she uses in `` Sensory Evaluation of Wines '' : Students pour wine into a bunch of glasses and then drop a different `` physical standard '' into each one .
noble 's web page [has] the nose-training workout that she uses in `` sensory evaluation of wines '' : students pour wine into a bunch of glasses and then drop a different `` physical standard '' into each one .

We are confident that Slate 's list contains more people who will make history in the next century than Newsweek 's list does .
we are confident that slate 's list [has] more people who will make history in the next century than newsweek 's list does .

By what we beg you to believe is a bizarre coincidence , this issue of Slate contains two articles that take a benign view of fathers sleeping with their daughters .
by what we beg you to believe is a bizarre coincidence , this issue of slate [has] two articles that take a benign view of fathers sleeping with their daughters .

The fact that the market newly contains optimists and speculating skeptics moves another group of more conservative skeptics to start buying , driving the price to $ 70 -- even though the new group believes the stock is only worth $ 50 .
the fact that the market newly [has] optimists and speculating skeptics moves another group of more conservative skeptics to start buying , driving the price to $ 70 -- even though the new group believes the stock is only worth $ 50 .

While it 's true that marijuana smoke ( like tobacco smoke ) contains carcinogens and the medical data suggest it compromises the immune system and can also lead to short-term memory loss , honesty demands that the silent dad in the PDFA ad admit to his son that he smoked a good deal of pot when he was young , still occasionally lights up at parties , and has turned out just fine .
while it 's true that marijuana smoke ( like tobacco smoke ) [has] carcinogens and the medical data suggest it compromises the immune system and can also lead to short-term memory loss , honesty demands that the silent dad in the pdfa ad admit to his son that he smoked a good deal of pot when he was young , still occasionally lights up at parties , and has turned out just fine .

Even the fair 's futurist symbol -- the skyscraper-tall Space Needle that contains a revolving restaurant -- had more to do with selling overpriced and overcooked food than it did with space or space travel .
even the fair 's futurist symbol -- the skyscraper-tall space needle that [has] a revolving restaurant -- had more to do with selling overpriced and overcooked food than it did with space or space travel .

Though the blood-to-ichor transfer does not cancel human nature ( the distillation is only approximate : elfin blood contains several unanalyzable components , one of which is believed to be magnetic air ) , it gives considerable longevity ; ... `` Dear little thing , '' said Tiphaine [ the queen of Elfhame ; all Warner 's elfin kingdoms are matriarchies ] .
though the blood-to-ichor transfer does not cancel human nature ( the distillation is only approximate : elfin blood [has] several unanalyzable components , one of which is believed to be magnetic air ) , it gives considerable longevity ; ... `` dear little thing , '' said tiphaine [ the queen of elfhame ; all warner 's elfin kingdoms are matriarchies ] .

The Daily Mail Monday quoted the pendant 's inventor , chiropractor Dr. Charles Brown , as saying that it `` contains a 'magical configuration ' of quartz and other crystals which deflect electromagnetic radiation from modern office equipment -- and counter 'negative vibes . '
the daily mail monday quoted the pendant 's inventor , chiropractor dr. charles brown , as saying that it `` [has] a 'magical configuration ' of quartz and other crystals which deflect electromagnetic radiation from modern office equipment -- and counter 'negative vibes . '

Arlington contains the remains of 240,000 dead .
arlington [has] the remains of 240,000 dead .

It also contains several monuments , including the Tomb of the Unknowns and the Tomb of the Unknown Dead from the Civil War , the latter a granite tomb that holds the remains of 2,111 Civil War soldiers .
it also [has] several monuments , including the tomb of the unknowns and the tomb of the unknown dead from the civil war , the latter a granite tomb that holds the remains of 2,111 civil war soldiers .

The Times says that a novel she wrote in 1986 contains entire passages from a scholarly book that preceded it by 50 years .
the times says that a novel she wrote in 1986 [has] entire passages from a scholarly book that preceded it by 50 years .

The paper also reports that today 's issue of JAMA contains the news that although more than 90 percent of infants do n't get anesthesia when they are circumcised , they should get it because `` study of infant heart rates and crying patterns during circumcision clearly showed there was pain . ''
the paper also reports that today 's issue of jama [has] the news that although more than 90 percent of infants do n't get anesthesia when they are circumcised , they should get it because `` study of infant heart rates and crying patterns during circumcision clearly showed there was pain . ''

That LAT IRS story contains the following explanation : `` Outside experts warn , however , that business conducted over the telephone is generally less secure than by mail . ''
that lat irs story [has] the following explanation : `` outside experts warn , however , that business conducted over the telephone is generally less secure than by mail . ''

The story contains at least one suggestion that the couple had a deep need to get caught : they named their kids after the founders of the German Communist Party .
the story [has] at least one suggestion that the couple had a deep need to get caught : they named their kids after the founders of the german communist party .

Today 's story focuses on a memo written to Brown by a party aide pitching the trip , which contains such tidbits as that `` John Huang has offered to host an event in Hong King with a goal of $ 50,000 , '' and `` if we take the trip as proposed , we will raise at least $ 100,000 . ''
today 's story focuses on a memo written to brown by a party aide pitching the trip , which [has] such tidbits as that `` john huang has offered to host an event in hong king with a goal of $ 50,000 , '' and `` if we take the trip as proposed , we will raise at least $ 100,000 . ''

The Wall Street Journal 's `` Tax Report '' contains at least a partial explanation for why individual taxpayers feel more beleaguered than ever .
the wall street journal 's `` tax report '' [has] at least a partial explanation for why individual taxpayers feel more beleaguered than ever .

Today 's NYT contains a letter from the Yale Dean , who does n't address the op-ed 's charges that in Yale co-ed dorms , students are frequently forced into `` sexile '' while their roommates are having sex , and that the halls are full of people of the opposite gender in various stages of undress .
today 's nyt [has] a letter from the yale dean , who does n't address the op-ed 's charges that in yale co-ed dorms , students are frequently forced into `` sexile '' while their roommates are having sex , and that the halls are full of people of the opposite gender in various stages of undress .

Yesterday 's NYT `` Week in Review '' contains selections from the Senate hearings on the Titanic disaster , which convened four days after the sinkings and hence are shot through with searing details .
yesterday 's nyt `` week in review '' [has] selections from the senate hearings on the titanic disaster , which convened four days after the sinkings and hence are shot through with searing details .

There actually is one important new feature of this year 's reform bill : It contains a provision requiring `` a candidate for election for Federal office ( other than a candidate who holds Federal office ) '' to reimburse the government for federally provided transportation used for campaign purposes .
there actually is one important new feature of this year 's reform bill : it [has] a provision requiring `` a candidate for election for federal office ( other than a candidate who holds federal office ) '' to reimburse the government for federally provided transportation used for campaign purposes .

In fact , as you know , my novel contains several private-jet scenes , and a main character specifically imagines his wife fucking her boss on the boss ' private jet .
in fact , as you know , my novel [has] several private-jet scenes , and a main character specifically imagines his wife fucking her boss on the boss ' private jet .

This last section is only 8 pages long , and contains none of the sociological data or journalistic reportage that would flesh out his assertions .
this last section is only 8 pages long , and [has] none of the sociological data or journalistic reportage that would flesh out his assertions .

This performance contains one other oddity worth noting .
this performance [has] one other oddity worth noting .

The current PMLA contains arguments against Shakespeare 's authorship on both lexical and aesthetic grounds .
the current pmla [has] arguments against shakespeare 's authorship on both lexical and aesthetic grounds .

According to the Chronicle of Higher Education , Rosemary Keefe Curb was one of three finalists for a job as dean of the college of arts and sciences until a local New Paltz resident acquired a copy of Lesbian Nuns : Breaking Silence , a book Curb co-edited that contains such statements as : `` I 've never been initiated into a coven , but I like to call myself a witch . ''
according to the chronicle of higher education , rosemary keefe curb was one of three finalists for a job as dean of the college of arts and sciences until a local new paltz resident acquired a copy of lesbian nuns : breaking silence , a book curb co-edited that [has] such statements as : `` i 've never been initiated into a coven , but i like to call myself a witch . ''

This strikes Charles Krauthammer ( Inside Washington ) as disgustingly hypocritical , because the original deal -- accepted by the tobacco CEOs -- contains the same underage smoking preventive measures as the Senate 's .
this strikes charles krauthammer ( inside washington ) as disgustingly hypocritical , because the original deal -- accepted by the tobacco ceos -- [has] the same underage smoking preventive measures as the senate 's .

It contains four circular punctures that eerily evoke a flute .
it [has] four circular punctures that eerily evoke a flute .

The FBI , which responds to a death threat , carries off Wigand 's computer while he sputters that it contains all his important data .
the fbi , which responds to a death threat , carries off wigand 's computer while he sputters that it [has] all his important data .

The special issue on `` Crime and Punishment '' contains more of the former than the latter .
the special issue on `` crime and punishment '' [has] more of the former than the latter .

Both magazines write skeptically about the `` Torah codes '' phenomenon , which claims that the Bible contains encrypted messages prophesying events .
both magazines write skeptically about the `` torah codes '' phenomenon , which claims that the bible [has] encrypted messages prophesying events .

The special issue on `` Crime and Punishment '' contains more of the former than the latter .
the special issue on `` crime and punishment '' [has] more of the former than the latter .

The indictment contains some new information .
the indictment [has] some new information .

The book contains a chapter , lamentably titled `` Eco-nomics , '' that perpetuates the oddly popular myth that conventional economic theory is constitutionally incapable of dealing with environmental problems .
the book [has] a chapter , lamentably titled `` eco-nomics , '' that perpetuates the oddly popular myth that conventional economic theory is constitutionally incapable of dealing with environmental problems .

Whenever a manifesto about economics contains a sentence that begins , `` Orthodox economics assumes that ... '' it almost always completes that sentence with something strange and unfamiliar .
whenever a manifesto about economics [has] a sentence that begins , `` orthodox economics assumes that ... '' it almost always completes that sentence with something strange and unfamiliar .

Software companies argue that source code contains valuable intellectual property that must be protected .
software companies argue that source code [has] valuable intellectual property that must be protected .

Windows 98 contains approximately 20 million lines of source code written in multiple computer languages .
windows 98 [has] approximately 20 million lines of source code written in multiple computer languages .

The talk contains the following compelling and reassuring passage , about a transport helicopter pilot , who came up on the radio volunteering to go pick up a fighter pilot shot down over a heavy concentration of Iraqi troops : `` You need to remember a Chinook is about the size of a double-decker London bus with props , and it does n't have guns .
the talk [has] the following compelling and reassuring passage , about a transport helicopter pilot , who came up on the radio volunteering to go pick up a fighter pilot shot down over a heavy concentration of iraqi troops : `` you need to remember a chinook is about the size of a double-decker london bus with props , and it does n't have guns .

More than 70 percent of all HIV cases live in sub-Saharan Africa , which contains but 10 percent of the world 's population .
more than 70 percent of all hiv cases live in sub-saharan africa , which [has] but 10 percent of the world 's population .

The book contains a core argument about industry and labor , which I believe to be true .
the book [has] a core argument about industry and labor , which i believe to be true .

This is no mere coffee table decoration -- although it weighs at least 5 pounds and contains 530 reproductions , it is text-laden far beyond the norm .
this is no mere coffee table decoration -- although it weighs at least 5 pounds and [has] 530 reproductions , it is text-laden far beyond the norm .

At least the Library of America 's Writings contains an endless supply of additional material .
at least the library of america 's writings [has] an endless supply of additional material .

Naturally , the Library of America edition also contains , hidden here and there in impossible-to-find locations , a number of solemn and stirring documents of state -- for instance , the reply , genuinely dear to my own multiculturally American Jewish heart , that Washington made , as president , to a letter from the Hebrew Congregation of Newport , R.I .
naturally , the library of america edition also [has] , hidden here and there in impossible-to-find locations , a number of solemn and stirring documents of state -- for instance , the reply , genuinely dear to my own multiculturally american jewish heart , that washington made , as president , to a letter from the hebrew congregation of newport , r.i .

The written version of Darger 's epic even contains a number of amusing references to the strange task of drawing and writing about Darger 's own grisly subject .
the written version of darger 's epic even [has] a number of amusing references to the strange task of drawing and writing about darger 's own grisly subject .

Eastwood , in this view , contains within himself both the myth and the anti-myth .
eastwood , in this view , [has] within himself both the myth and the anti-myth .

Almost every comment Bradley makes contains an implicit criticism of the way politicians ordinarily behave .
almost every comment bradley makes [has] an implicit criticism of the way politicians ordinarily behave .

The paper contains much more in this self-congratulatory vein .
the paper [has] much more in this self-congratulatory vein .

Click on the word `` Elections '' under that , and you 're two clicks away from a page that contains a slew of info , including breaking news , links to all the major candidates ' sites , C-SPAN 's site , and coverage from Newsweek and the Washington Post .
click on the word `` elections '' under that , and you 're two clicks away from a page that [has] a slew of info , including breaking news , links to all the major candidates ' sites , c-span 's site , and coverage from newsweek and the washington post .

The Israeli daily Ha'aretz led Friday with official Israeli denials that the airborne radar system Israel plans to build for China contains any American technology .
the israeli daily ha'aretz led friday with official israeli denials that the airborne radar system israel plans to build for china [has] any american technology .

Steve Forbes wrote A New Birth of Freedom , which is not a tell-all book about his father 's sexual liberation and which contains no confusing pictures of Elizabeth Taylor standing beside a hot air balloon .
steve forbes wrote a new birth of freedom , which is not a tell-all book about his father 's sexual liberation and which [has] no confusing pictures of elizabeth taylor standing beside a hot air balloon .

It contains bills , roll-call votes , and links to congressional committee sites .
it [has] bills , roll-call votes , and links to congressional committee sites .

A sidebar notes that controversy remains over the Mars meteorite that crashed into Antarctica about 11,000 years ago : While scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on Earth is only produced by biological processes .
a sidebar notes that controversy remains over the mars meteorite that crashed into antarctica about 11,000 years ago : while scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite [has] a molecule that on earth is only produced by biological processes .

As long as this shadow page contains key words that are in Dayton 's home page and EarthLink 's home page , it will be seen by almost everyone who finds either of those pages through a search engine .
as long as this shadow page [has] key words that are in dayton 's home page and earthlink 's home page , it will be seen by almost everyone who finds either of those pages through a search engine .

Thus when the estate contains only $ 100 , the claims to $ 100 , $ 200 , and $ 300 are treated as equal .
thus when the estate [has] only $ 100 , the claims to $ 100 , $ 200 , and $ 300 are treated as equal .

When the estate contains only $ 200 , the claims to $ 200 and $ 300 are treated as equal ( but superior to the claim of $ 100 ) .
when the estate [has] only $ 200 , the claims to $ 200 and $ 300 are treated as equal ( but superior to the claim of $ 100 ) .

Seamus Heaney 's poem The Little Canticles of Asturias , which appeared in the debut issue of SLATE , contains a mesmerizing image of a `` smouldering maw/ of a pile of newspapers lit long ago , '' fanning `` up in the wind , breaking off and away/ in flame-posies , small airborne fire-ships . ''
seamus heaney 's poem the little canticles of asturias , which appeared in the debut issue of slate , [has] a mesmerizing image of a `` smouldering maw/ of a pile of newspapers lit long ago , '' fanning `` up in the wind , breaking off and away/ in flame-posies , small airborne fire-ships . ''

One complaint : The book contains an `` impressive number of inaccuracies of a factual nature , '' such as misidentifying the poet laureate of Victorian Ireland and misquoting critic Walter Pater ( Thomas Flannagan , the Los Angeles Times ) .
one complaint : the book [has] an `` impressive number of inaccuracies of a factual nature , '' such as misidentifying the poet laureate of victorian ireland and misquoting critic walter pater ( thomas flannagan , the los angeles times ) .

The researchers , who hail from Australia , Britain , Japan , New Zealand , Sweden , and the United States , discovered that Chromosome 22 contains 33.4 million different letters of genetic code and at least 545 genes .
the researchers , who hail from australia , britain , japan , new zealand , sweden , and the united states , discovered that chromosome 22 [has] 33.4 million different letters of genetic code and at least 545 genes .

They do not mention that Jeremy Siegel , the Wharton finance professor whose research is central to their case , wrote to the Journal that `` their analysis contains a serious flaw [ and ] vastly overstates the value of stocks . ''
they do not mention that jeremy siegel , the wharton finance professor whose research is central to their case , wrote to the journal that `` their analysis [has] a serious flaw [ and ] vastly overstates the value of stocks . ''

Either I 'm behaving irrationally or my analysis of bidding strategy contains an invalid assumption .
either i 'm behaving irrationally or my analysis of bidding strategy [has] an invalid assumption .

This story contains two sure-fire comic ingredients ( at least for 12-year-old boys ) : incompetence and destruction .
this story [has] two sure-fire comic ingredients ( at least for 12-year-old boys ) : incompetence and destruction .

In his rendition , the same fruit on a pedestal contains an element of dissonance , disturbance , and even violence .
in his rendition , the same fruit on a pedestal [has] an element of dissonance , disturbance , and even violence .

Some companies maintain that an operating system contains any goddamn thing they want to put in it , thank you very much .
some companies maintain that an operating system [has] any goddamn thing they want to put in it , thank you very much .

Pure mathematics is pure software and contains patterns of arbitrary complexity .
pure mathematics is pure software and [has] patterns of arbitrary complexity .

They deride these as `` political decisions '' and mock NATO for refusing to bomb Milosevic 's palace because it contains cultural treasures , including a Rembrandt .
they deride these as `` political decisions '' and mock nato for refusing to bomb milosevic 's palace because it [has] cultural treasures , including a rembrandt .

The author welcomed Europe 's attempt in Kosovo to break openly with the spirit of Munich but warned that the new internationalism contains paradoxes that could spell trouble in the future .
the author welcomed europe 's attempt in kosovo to break openly with the spirit of munich but warned that the new internationalism [has] paradoxes that could spell trouble in the future .

By contrast `` Related in Slate `` box contains links to relevant Slate pieces -- new or old -- that are related to the page you are currently reading .
by contrast `` related in slate `` box [has] links to relevant slate pieces -- new or old -- that are related to the page you are currently reading .

The very first paragraph contains a stunning number of errors .
the very first paragraph [has] a stunning number of errors .

Poetry contains its own music , even if the music is only hinted at , and if some composer comes along and fills in the hints with imaginings of his own , the effect is to close off possibilities for your own imagination .
poetry [has] its own music , even if the music is only hinted at , and if some composer comes along and fills in the hints with imaginings of his own , the effect is to close off possibilities for your own imagination .

For evidence , see Spike Lee 's docudrama about the march , Get on the Bus , which contains few references to Farrakhan .
for evidence , see spike lee 's docudrama about the march , get on the bus , which [has] few references to farrakhan .

Both UPS and the postal unions are generous donors to political action committees , but since every congressional district contains numerous post offices and politically active postal workers , it is extremely unlikely that Congress will enact radical reforms any time soon .
both ups and the postal unions are generous donors to political action committees , but since every congressional district [has] numerous post offices and politically active postal workers , it is extremely unlikely that congress will enact radical reforms any time soon .

Let us be clear that the book contains a few excellent essays not available on the Web and that it is a delightful physical object in its own right .
let us be clear that the book [has] a few excellent essays not available on the web and that it is a delightful physical object in its own right .

Starr `` plans to deliver a report '' quite soon , and he `` intends to alert Speaker Newt Gingrich '' that very day that the report contains `` credible grounds for impeachment . ''
starr `` plans to deliver a report '' quite soon , and he `` intends to alert speaker newt gingrich '' that very day that the report [has] `` credible grounds for impeachment . ''

Published as an evidentiary annex to the much shorter and duller House Ethics Committee report itself , the volume contains notes , memos , doodles , cancelled checks , and other Newt ephemera from 1990 to 1994 .
published as an evidentiary annex to the much shorter and duller house ethics committee report itself , the volume [has] notes , memos , doodles , cancelled checks , and other newt ephemera from 1990 to 1994 .

It contains one remarkable passage .
it [has] one remarkable passage .

This very issue of this very magazine contains a piece by ace foreign correspondent Peter Maass ( two `` s '' s ) concerning his persistent experience of being confused with the author of The Valachi Papers and Serpico , writer Peter Maas ( one `` s '' ) .
this very issue of this very magazine [has] a piece by ace foreign correspondent peter maass ( two `` s '' s ) concerning his persistent experience of being confused with the author of the valachi papers and serpico , writer peter maas ( one `` s '' ) .

We do know that every cell contains an identical and complete set of genetic instructions , the genome .
we do know that every cell [has] an identical and complete set of genetic instructions , the genome .

In fact , Amazon 's `` megawarehouse '' in downtown Seattle contains just 200 or so titles .
in fact , amazon 's `` megawarehouse '' in downtown seattle [has] just 200 or so titles .

Ralph Waldo Emerson 's journal contains this intriguing entry for March 29 , 1832 : `` I visited Ellen 's tomb and opened the coffin . ''
ralph waldo emerson 's journal [has] this intriguing entry for march 29 , 1832 : `` i visited ellen 's tomb and opened the coffin . ''

The search for the Torah codes is rooted in the unfathomable theological premise that the Torah -- itself a set of five books of limited length -- contains literally all truth .
the search for the torah codes is rooted in the unfathomable theological premise that the torah -- itself a set of five books of limited length -- [has] literally all truth .

According to Rabbi Daniel Mechanic , an expert on the codes , the belief that the Torah contains encrypted messages dates to the medieval practitioners of the Kabbalah , a form of Jewish mysticism .
according to rabbi daniel mechanic , an expert on the codes , the belief that the torah [has] encrypted messages dates to the medieval practitioners of the kabbalah , a form of jewish mysticism .

The Sussex County Fair Web page has been blocked by filters because it contains the three letters s-e-x .
the sussex county fair web page has been blocked by filters because it [has] the three letters s-e-x .

A typical quote from the ongoing encomium : `` [ W ] hat made Robeson controversial was his willingness to step outside the frame which usually contains the works of artists and his status as an artist to advance a complex program of civil and human rights changes around the world and in the United States . ''
a typical quote from the ongoing encomium : `` [ w ] hat made robeson controversial was his willingness to step outside the frame which usually [has] the works of artists and his status as an artist to advance a complex program of civil and human rights changes around the world and in the united states . ''

The story contains excellent detail about how the covert intelligence collection worked : the radio relay system used by the U.N. inspectors to transmit images from the hinterlands back to Baghdad concealed antennas used to intercept Iraqi military transmissions .
the story [has] excellent detail about how the covert intelligence collection worked : the radio relay system used by the u.n. inspectors to transmit images from the hinterlands back to baghdad concealed antennas used to intercept iraqi military transmissions .

The piece contains choice excerpts from Rep. James Traficant Jr. 's occasional one-minute morning harangues on the House floor .
the piece [has] choice excerpts from rep. james traficant jr. 's occasional one-minute morning harangues on the house floor .

The Post points out that the Senate vote on video admissibility contains a rider that excludes any statements made by the witnesses after the end of the direct response to the last question , meaning that a statement by Jordan at the conclusion of his appearance and an apology offered to Lewinsky by a White House lawyer at the end of hers will not be disseminated .
the post points out that the senate vote on video admissibility [has] a rider that excludes any statements made by the witnesses after the end of the direct response to the last question , meaning that a statement by jordan at the conclusion of his appearance and an apology offered to lewinsky by a white house lawyer at the end of hers will not be disseminated .

The NYT op-ed page contains a rumination about the imminence of the millennium by Alain de Botton that scans with the familiarity of an old shoe .
the nyt op-ed page [has] a rumination about the imminence of the millennium by alain de botton that scans with the familiarity of an old shoe .

Although the bill had originally contained $ 11.5 billion for helping smokers quit , to keep others from starting , and to keep children from buying cigarettes , it now contains nothing for any of that .
although the bill had originally contained $ 11.5 billion for helping smokers quit , to keep others from starting , and to keep children from buying cigarettes , it now [has] nothing for any of that .

The LAT says that the Lewinsky material contains graphic details from phone sex conversations between her and Clinton .
the lat says that the lewinsky material [has] graphic details from phone sex conversations between her and clinton .

The Post shows that it also contains the seeds of greater monopolies : TCI already has a cable monopoly in virtually every one of its service areas , while AT & T already has more than 50 percent of the long-distance market .
the post shows that it also [has] the seeds of greater monopolies : tci already has a cable monopoly in virtually every one of its service areas , while at & t already has more than 50 percent of the long-distance market .

The New York Times national edition leads with Kenneth Starr 's demand that President Clinton provide a DNA specimen , a move the paper says strongly suggests that the FBI lab has determined that the infamous blue dress contains DNA evidence of a sexual encounter .
the new york times national edition leads with kenneth starr 's demand that president clinton provide a dna specimen , a move the paper says strongly suggests that the fbi lab has determined that the infamous blue dress [has] dna evidence of a sexual encounter .

The report contains copies of the minutes of these meetings .
the report [has] copies of the minutes of these meetings .

The letters section of the WP contains a missive from former CIA terrorism official and current TV terrorism expert Vincent Cannistraro .
the letters section of the wp [has] a missive from former cia terrorism official and current tv terrorism expert vincent cannistraro .

You Could Look It Up is the umpteenth collection of Safire 's columns and , like the previous collections , contains a selection of letters from readers .
you could look it up is the umpteenth collection of safire 's columns and , like the previous collections , [has] a selection of letters from readers .

All of which is to say that the book is an interesting work on the language and contains accurate , though longwinded information about what it covers , “ interesting and useful facts about American English. ” Its only real faults are its title , which belies the content , the cutesy headings , and the lack of a truly detailed index : self-indexing does not provide coverage of sufficient detail .
all of which is to say that the book is an interesting work on the language and [has] accurate , though longwinded information about what it covers , “ interesting and useful facts about american english. ” its only real faults are its title , which belies the content , the cutesy headings , and the lack of a truly detailed index : self-indexing does not provide coverage of sufficient detail .

It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an “ almanac , ” but that is unimportant : there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one .
it is not at once apparent why the book is styled an “ almanac , ” but that is unimportant : there is no other book i know of that [has] as much diverse information about american writers as this one .

It contains many photographs of writers , some quite early ; these enliven the appearance of the book but accomplish little else , unless one is interested in what Samuel Clemens looked like at the age of 15 ( as a printer 's devil ) or in the appearance of Hart Crane standing in the middle of a railroad track in Cleveland in 1916 .
it [has] many photographs of writers , some quite early ; these enliven the appearance of the book but accomplish little else , unless one is interested in what samuel clemens looked like at the age of 15 ( as a printer 's devil ) or in the appearance of hart crane standing in the middle of a railroad track in cleveland in 1916 .

Apresyan ( Russki Yazyk Publishing House , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .
apresyan ( russki yazyk publishing house , 1980 ) ; this compendium [has] 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .

This thoroughly researched and crafted reference book contains approximately 2,500 entries , each representing a synonymic series .
this thoroughly researched and crafted reference book [has] approximately 2,500 entries , each representing a synonymic series .

Glass Wax , a glass cleaner which contains no wax , successfully defended its trademark against a charge that the name was deceptive , but in the early 1900s the courts refused to recognize Madonna as a trademark for wine because it was ruled scandalous .
glass wax , a glass cleaner which [has] no wax , successfully defended its trademark against a charge that the name was deceptive , but in the early 1900s the courts refused to recognize madonna as a trademark for wine because it was ruled scandalous .

American English , by Albert H. Marckwardt , contains the information that Chicago comes from an Algonquian word meaning ` garlic field . '
american english , by albert h. marckwardt , [has] the information that chicago comes from an algonquian word meaning ` garlic field . '

A familiar noun provides the model for variation , usually because it contains a memorable ending .
a familiar noun provides the model for variation , usually because it [has] a memorable ending .

More subtly , the light 's being on contains the event of its having been turned on .
more subtly , the light 's being on [has] the event of its having been turned on .

For example , the spelling of the name of the Benedictine monastery St-Benoît du Lac contains a hyphen instead of a period , as well as a circumflex accent .
for example , the spelling of the name of the benedictine monastery st-benoît du lac [has] a hyphen instead of a period , as well as a circumflex accent .

Act IV , Scene 2 , of Troilus and Cressida contains one Ah ah !
act iv , scene 2 , of troilus and cressida [has] one ah ah !

Unbelievably , Part V , which contains 58 pages of small print and is one of the most useful and informative sections of the book , has not even been accorded pagination , something for which Random House ought to be carpeted for before the International Bibliographical Court .
unbelievably , part v , which [has] 58 pages of small print and is one of the most useful and informative sections of the book , has not even been accorded pagination , something for which random house ought to be carpeted for before the international bibliographical court .

It must be remembered that the dictionary in hand contains only 32,000 words and phrases , which means that it is half the size of the average mass-market paperback dictionaries sold today .
it must be remembered that the dictionary in hand [has] only 32,000 words and phrases , which means that it is half the size of the average mass-market paperback dictionaries sold today .

If so , they might be induced to buy this edition because it contains 55 pages of words , definitions , and citations not previously published .
if so , they might be induced to buy this edition because it [has] 55 pages of words , definitions , and citations not previously published .

Bruce , it turned out , was the author of the 15-word super-sentence -- a creation that not only contains an elliptical adverb clause of comparison , “ than I [ practised ] , ” and a hidden noun clause , “ [ that ] he stank , ” but compacts the four phrases into the subordinate part and the three clauses into the main part .
bruce , it turned out , was the author of the 15-word super-sentence -- a creation that not only [has] an elliptical adverb clause of comparison , “ than i [ practised ] , ” and a hidden noun clause , “ [ that ] he stank , ” but compacts the four phrases into the subordinate part and the three clauses into the main part .

You can not display the entire word list to examine it , but , from the directory of programs I can invoke on the monitor , I know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .
you can not display the entire word list to examine it , but , from the directory of programs i can invoke on the monitor , i know it [has] about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .

By far the most numerous group of terms is that which contains words only with a localized meaning .
by far the most numerous group of terms is that which [has] words only with a localized meaning .

On more than one occasion in these pages have I lamented the absence of an index ( or of a useful , usable one ) in a book that contains much valuable information .
on more than one occasion in these pages have i lamented the absence of an index ( or of a useful , usable one ) in a book that [has] much valuable information .

As can be seen from even this cursory description of only one short entry , the CIDE contains a great deal of information that might well prove useful to a learner of English .
as can be seen from even this cursory description of only one short entry , the cide [has] a great deal of information that might well prove useful to a learner of english .

There are similar questions answered in the section entitled Curious and Interesting Facts , and the chapter called I 've Made Up a Word contains some interesting material .
there are similar questions answered in the section entitled curious and interesting facts , and the chapter called i 've made up a word [has] some interesting material .

Lite/Light , when applied to a food , may refer to the product 's taste , color , or texture rather than to the number of calories or the amount of fat , salt , sugar , or cholesterol it contains .
lite/light , when applied to a food , may refer to the product 's taste , color , or texture rather than to the number of calories or the amount of fat , salt , sugar , or cholesterol it [has] .

A typical example occurs ( as one might expect ) at the entry for deipnosophist where a line that normally contains about 50 characters ( plus spaces ) , has been printed with only 34 characters ( plus spaces ) , mainly , apparently , because no one knew where to hyphen Deipnosophistai , the first word on the next line .
a typical example occurs ( as one might expect ) at the entry for deipnosophist where a line that normally [has] about 50 characters ( plus spaces ) , has been printed with only 34 characters ( plus spaces ) , mainly , apparently , because no one knew where to hyphen deipnosophistai , the first word on the next line .

Even though lariat contains its own Spanish article , when we imported it into English , we added another , the English the , to create a literal the la reata , ` the the lasso , ' and we never think of it as redundancy .
even though lariat [has] its own spanish article , when we imported it into english , we added another , the english the , to create a literal the la reata , ` the the lasso , ' and we never think of it as redundancy .

Mr. Thomas B. Lemann points out that the transliteration of the opening quotation of “ Onomatoplazia ” [ XV , 1 ] contains the following errors :
mr. thomas b. lemann points out that the transliteration of the opening quotation of “ onomatoplazia ” [ xv , 1 ] [has] the following errors :

One of our proudest moments came when , upon first loading into our computer the CD-ROM of the Second Edition of the Oxford English Dictionary , we discovered that it contains 121 quotations from VERBATIM .
one of our proudest moments came when , upon first loading into our computer the cd-rom of the second edition of the oxford english dictionary , we discovered that it [has] 121 quotations from verbatim .

The simple facts are that American college ( or desk ) dictionaries today contain about 170,000 entries ( about half that number of headwords ) , up from the ±130,000 they had till the 1960s ) ; British concise dictionaries contain far fewer than that : the Concise Oxford , the best-selling dictionary in the UK , contains about 120,000 entries ( probably not more than about 60,000 headwords ) , which is equivalent to what are classed as concise dictionaries in America .
the simple facts are that american college ( or desk ) dictionaries today contain about 170,000 entries ( about half that number of headwords ) , up from the ±130,000 they had till the 1960s ) ; british concise dictionaries contain far fewer than that : the concise oxford , the best-selling dictionary in the uk , [has] about 120,000 entries ( probably not more than about 60,000 headwords ) , which is equivalent to what are classed as concise dictionaries in america .

On page 366 Green refers to the MW-III as containing 450,000 headwords : it does not , of course ; it contains 450,000 entries .
on page 366 green refers to the mw-iii as containing 450,000 headwords : it does not , of course ; it [has] 450,000 entries .

Thus , a dictionary with approximately 80,000 headwords , the size of American college dictionaries , contains more than 170,000 entries .
thus , a dictionary with approximately 80,000 headwords , the size of american college dictionaries , [has] more than 170,000 entries .

I do not know how many headwords the MW-III contains , but it is far , far fewer than the 450,000 entries claimed .
i do not know how many headwords the mw-iii [has] , but it is far , far fewer than the 450,000 entries claimed .

Health Care Terms contains a good deal besides initialisms , but I focus on those because they are probably most representative of the jargon we are faced with whenever we encounter the Bureaucracy : as if the compounding of incomprehensible , undescriptive jargon were not enough , those who concoct that obfuscating gobbledygook are not content till they have turned it into an abbreviation or an acronym .
health care terms [has] a good deal besides initialisms , but i focus on those because they are probably most representative of the jargon we are faced with whenever we encounter the bureaucracy : as if the compounding of incomprehensible , undescriptive jargon were not enough , those who concoct that obfuscating gobbledygook are not content till they have turned it into an abbreviation or an acronym .

In reviewing the works of others , attention must be paid to such materials , and the Bibliography of Selected Sources and Dictionaries Consulted include only twenty-five titles under the former category ( plus fifteen of Patrick O'Brian 's Jack Aubrey novels ) and only ten under the latter , some of which are curious choices indeed : Robert Hunter 's Universal Dictionary of the English Language , New York : Collier , 1897 , which I have never heard of ; Eric Partridge 's Origins : A Short Etymological Dictionary of Modern English contains a great many errors and ought to be avoided by serious researchers ; the author evidently chose not to wade through Johnson 's Dictionary , relying instead on McAdam and Milne 's A Modern Selection .
in reviewing the works of others , attention must be paid to such materials , and the bibliography of selected sources and dictionaries consulted include only twenty-five titles under the former category ( plus fifteen of patrick o'brian 's jack aubrey novels ) and only ten under the latter , some of which are curious choices indeed : robert hunter 's universal dictionary of the english language , new york : collier , 1897 , which i have never heard of ; eric partridge 's origins : a short etymological dictionary of modern english [has] a great many errors and ought to be avoided by serious researchers ; the author evidently chose not to wade through johnson 's dictionary , relying instead on mcadam and milne 's a modern selection .

Appendix 2 contains Changed Spellings and Corrupted Word Forms ; although the information given here is accurate as far as I could tell , it is confusing to have some words listed under their original spelling ( studding sail , treenail ) and others in their corrupted form ( gunnel , bosun ) —and what happened to trunnel ?
appendix 2 [has] changed spellings and corrupted word forms ; although the information given here is accurate as far as i could tell , it is confusing to have some words listed under their original spelling ( studding sail , treenail ) and others in their corrupted form ( gunnel , bosun ) —and what happened to trunnel ?

The coverage is a bit loose , but no one is likely to consider earring an anatomical term , and forelock , a small iron wedge of pin driven through a hole or slot at the end of a sheave-pin to prevent it from working out , contains a - lock from a door , not from a forehead , which has a different etymological origin .
the coverage is a bit loose , but no one is likely to consider earring an anatomical term , and forelock , a small iron wedge of pin driven through a hole or slot at the end of a sheave-pin to prevent it from working out , [has] a - lock from a door , not from a forehead , which has a different etymological origin .

Third , excluding the Appendix and a Glossary , the book contains only 600 pages , and , presumably to bulk up its page count ( probably at the instigation of the publisher , so that more money could be charged for it ) , the designer has employed a hanging indention of about ten picas , and wide interlinear spaces .
third , excluding the appendix and a glossary , the book [has] only 600 pages , and , presumably to bulk up its page count ( probably at the instigation of the publisher , so that more money could be charged for it ) , the designer has employed a hanging indention of about ten picas , and wide interlinear spaces .

It contains some 4,000 first names , and as well as the main body of the dictionary has a brief preface , a short section on the history of English first names , a bibliography , and a separate listing of some 1,000 derivatives or pet names , with cross references to their full form .
it [has] some 4,000 first names , and as well as the main body of the dictionary has a brief preface , a short section on the history of english first names , a bibliography , and a separate listing of some 1,000 derivatives or pet names , with cross references to their full form .

According to the blurbs , the former contains 2000 entries , the latter 2700 ; but the ODNW is more densely packed with information -- at least thirty per cent more , by my calculations .
according to the blurbs , the former [has] 2000 entries , the latter 2700 ; but the odnw is more densely packed with information -- at least thirty per cent more , by my calculations .

This sentence contains three a 's , three c 's , two d 's , twenty-six e 's , five f 's , three g 's .
this sentence [has] three a 's , three c 's , two d 's , twenty-six e 's , five f 's , three g 's .

The dictionary section contains dates ( where applicable ) , etymologies , and descriptive definitions .
the dictionary section [has] dates ( where applicable ) , etymologies , and descriptive definitions .

The writing is easy to read and colloquial ( by which I mean it contains the classic solecisms that purists deride ) .
the writing is easy to read and colloquial ( by which i mean it [has] the classic solecisms that purists deride ) .

These details are not likely to affect the usefulness of the book , however , and it contains curious items like the pronunciation of Roh Tae Woo , S. Korean leader : /no\ ? \ te\ ? \ wu\ ? \/ following which it was deemed wise to put a “ sic. ” It seems that in the southeastern US words beginning with shr- are pronounced as if spelled sr- , something I never knew .
these details are not likely to affect the usefulness of the book , however , and it [has] curious items like the pronunciation of roh tae woo , s. korean leader : /no\ ? \ te\ ? \ wu\ ? \/ following which it was deemed wise to put a “ sic. ” it seems that in the southeastern us words beginning with shr- are pronounced as if spelled sr- , something i never knew .

My sampling contains about fifty other words that have either two or three variant spellings each .
my sampling [has] about fifty other words that have either two or three variant spellings each .

Even so , the book contains almost seventy thousand family names , which is nothing to sneeze at in a pioneering effort .
even so , the book [has] almost seventy thousand family names , which is nothing to sneeze at in a pioneering effort .

The present work contains 180,000 entries , fully 20,000 more than the 1968 edition and 10,000 more than the 1975 edition .
the present work [has] 180,000 entries , fully 20,000 more than the 1968 edition and 10,000 more than the 1975 edition .

The fierce competition among the dictionaries results in what must be regarded as the greatest book bargain in the history of publishing : taking the Random House Webster 's as a typical example , it contains 18 million characters ( say , 2.5 million words ) for which one pays $ 18 , which works out to about 139,000 words per dollar .
the fierce competition among the dictionaries results in what must be regarded as the greatest book bargain in the history of publishing : taking the random house webster 's as a typical example , it [has] 18 million characters ( say , 2.5 million words ) for which one pays $ 18 , which works out to about 139,000 words per dollar .

All this is heady stuff , indeed , and although Learning Disabilities does not treat all of them in depth , it provides a thorough overview of its subject , extremely useful not only as an introduction to the field but as an important source book for those who wish to probe further : the bibliography alone contains close to a thousand references .
all this is heady stuff , indeed , and although learning disabilities does not treat all of them in depth , it provides a thorough overview of its subject , extremely useful not only as an introduction to the field but as an important source book for those who wish to probe further : the bibliography alone [has] close to a thousand references .

Other readers , such as Jon Mills and Pat Solotaire , showed outright suspicion of entrees like “ Roast beef with ` gravy ' ” and a liquid soap boasting “ ` Contains No Phosphates ! '
other readers , such as jon mills and pat solotaire , showed outright suspicion of entrees like “ roast beef with ` gravy ' ” and a liquid soap boasting “ ` [has] no phosphates ! '

Have a Nice Day contains useful information about some 3000 such expressions , and we must be grateful to Ms. Ammer for having come to grips with a very difficult area of language .
have a nice day [has] useful information about some 3000 such expressions , and we must be grateful to ms. ammer for having come to grips with a very difficult area of language .

The Appendices volume contains seven national lists of places such as airports , Indian reservations , and historic places .
the appendices volume [has] seven national lists of places such as airports , indian reservations , and historic places .

We know that the language of the Calcuttan underworld contains more than forty words for police and more than twenty for bomb .
we know that the language of the calcuttan underworld [has] more than forty words for police and more than twenty for bomb .

It contains statements , consequently , that allow varying interpretations ; inevitably , anything that affects a reader 's feelings is bound to produce an unpredictable response .
it [has] statements , consequently , that allow varying interpretations ; inevitably , anything that affects a reader 's feelings is bound to produce an unpredictable response .

The front matter contains an alphabetical listing of the 191 categories .
the front matter [has] an alphabetical listing of the 191 categories .

Occasionally wrong , not only is Bill not reluctant to admit his errors , he may be one of the few who literally profited from their mistakes by compiling a book containing many of them : called I Stand Corrected ( Times Books , 1984 ) , it actually contains other matter , too .
occasionally wrong , not only is bill not reluctant to admit his errors , he may be one of the few who literally profited from their mistakes by compiling a book containing many of them : called i stand corrected ( times books , 1984 ) , it actually [has] other matter , too .

One can not have everything , and , as I sometimes maintain but rarely believe , a book should be reviewed for what it contains and not condemned for what it omits .
one can not have everything , and , as i sometimes maintain but rarely believe , a book should be reviewed for what it [has] and not condemned for what it omits .

What makes this book such an exemplary piece of work is that I doubt it contains many words of more than one syllable ( so to speak ) .
what makes this book such an exemplary piece of work is that i doubt it [has] many words of more than one syllable ( so to speak ) .

An Egyptian spell contains this gibberish : edera edesana , ederagaha edesana , marmu edesana , emui edesana , degejana edesana , degabana edesana .
an egyptian spell [has] this gibberish : edera edesana , ederagaha edesana , marmu edesana , emui edesana , degejana edesana , degabana edesana .

Laurence Urdang Euphemism and Dysphemism Although this book contains much excellent material , it suffers from a most serious shortcoming , probably to be laid at the door of the publisher rather than the authors : it lacks an index of words and phrases ( which might have fit neatly into the thirteen blank pages at the end ) .
laurence urdang euphemism and dysphemism although this book [has] much excellent material , it suffers from a most serious shortcoming , probably to be laid at the door of the publisher rather than the authors : it lacks an index of words and phrases ( which might have fit neatly into the thirteen blank pages at the end ) .

The treatment is clinical and contains much useful ancillary information concerning usage , dialect , and etymology ( loo , crapper ) , detailing the results of considerable research , all of which is presented along with the authors ' commentaries and speculations .
the treatment is clinical and [has] much useful ancillary information concerning usage , dialect , and etymology ( loo , crapper ) , detailing the results of considerable research , all of which is presented along with the authors ' commentaries and speculations .

Euphemisms & Dysphemisms contains a vast amount of valuable material , much of which is admittedly hard to classify with any precision , for it depends so much on context .
euphemisms & dysphemisms [has] a vast amount of valuable material , much of which is admittedly hard to classify with any precision , for it depends so much on context .

This section contains papers about Bret Easton Ellis ' Less than Zero ( Leonard R.N .
this section [has] papers about bret easton ellis ' less than zero ( leonard r.n .

This is n't all : the book has extensive indices , e.g. , the admirable Index ( e ) which contains the Abstracts ( all written by the authors ) and Topics of the Annual Programs of the Names Institute , 1980-1986 .
this is n't all : the book has extensive indices , e.g. , the admirable index ( e ) which [has] the abstracts ( all written by the authors ) and topics of the annual programs of the names institute , 1980-1986 .

This collection contains texts that are more marginal than would he ideal for students who may read nothing else on the subject .
this collection [has] texts that are more marginal than would he ideal for students who may read nothing else on the subject .

It contains entries , says the Introduction , “ for most major surnames of European origin , as well as for many rarer ones. ” “ Major ” in this context means names like Smith and Jones , frequently found in any telephone directory .
it [has] entries , says the introduction , “ for most major surnames of european origin , as well as for many rarer ones. ” “ major ” in this context means names like smith and jones , frequently found in any telephone directory .

The monumental Oxford English Dictionary [ OED ] , now in its second edition and filling 20 vast volumes , contains many extremely quaint definitions that were written a hundred years ago or more and remain unrevised :
the monumental oxford english dictionary [ oed ] , now in its second edition and filling 20 vast volumes , [has] many extremely quaint definitions that were written a hundred years ago or more and remain unrevised :

There is an annotated bibliography , which lists my Oxford Theasurus but fails to include notice of the myriad illustrative sentences it contains .
there is an annotated bibliography , which lists my oxford theasurus but fails to include notice of the myriad illustrative sentences it [has] .

The Writer 's Guide contains a huge amount of useful information , and if one does not already have a style manual , it might be as good as another , though many would argue that nothing could equal ( let alone surpass ) the Chicago Manual of Style .
the writer 's guide [has] a huge amount of useful information , and if one does not already have a style manual , it might be as good as another , though many would argue that nothing could equal ( let alone surpass ) the chicago manual of style .

Then , what about using How manieth/ How manyeth for an answer that contains an ordinal number like fifth , tenth , fifteenth ?
then , what about using how manieth/ how manyeth for an answer that [has] an ordinal number like fifth , tenth , fifteenth ?

When I first read [ in XX , 3 , BIBLIOGRAPHIA that A Dictionary of American Proverbs contains data on the recording of the proverbs and that it contains historical information on earliest appearances : for example , Money is the root of all evil is traced to Aelfric 's Homilies ( c. 1000 ) , I assumed that the original statement , The love of money is the root of all evil , was not being traced back there .
when i first read [ in xx , 3 , bibliographia that a dictionary of american proverbs [has] data on the recording of the proverbs and that it [has] historical information on earliest appearances : for example , money is the root of all evil is traced to aelfric 's homilies ( c. 1000 ) , i assumed that the original statement , the love of money is the root of all evil , was not being traced back there .

Lederer writes , “ the flash of the primer in the pan of the rifle failed to ignite the explosion of the charge. ” The pan is the part of the gunlock that contains a small quantity of fine gunpowder ignited by sparks produced by the flint shearing small bits of metal from the frizzen .
lederer writes , “ the flash of the primer in the pan of the rifle failed to ignite the explosion of the charge. ” the pan is the part of the gunlock that [has] a small quantity of fine gunpowder ignited by sparks produced by the flint shearing small bits of metal from the frizzen .

One of the wonders of the English language is that it contains so many words about words themselves .
one of the wonders of the english language is that it [has] so many words about words themselves .

Moreover , “ it contains only terms known to have arisen in the Twentieth Century , ” according to the Preface , but omits the military slang of the earlier 20th century .
moreover , “ it [has] only terms known to have arisen in the twentieth century , ” according to the preface , but omits the military slang of the earlier 20th century .

Rather , it constitutes what publishers call a “ package , ” that is , it contains a fair amount of lexicographic material but little or nothing that is original .
rather , it constitutes what publishers call a “ package , ” that is , it [has] a fair amount of lexicographic material but little or nothing that is original .

The small Arabic library where I work contains a shelf-full , the volumes numbered one to twelve .
the small arabic library where i work [has] a shelf-full , the volumes numbered one to twelve .

The present book , although it is called a dictionary , contains much ancillary encyclopedic , folkloristic , and fishloristic information , most of it carefully referenced to sources , which are documented in an eight-page bibliography .
the present book , although it is called a dictionary , [has] much ancillary encyclopedic , folkloristic , and fishloristic information , most of it carefully referenced to sources , which are documented in an eight-page bibliography .

At a rough guess , the NSOED contains about 200,000 such “ entries , ” or some twenty per cent fewer than the Random House Unabridged [ RHDU ] , the popular dictionary nearest in size .
at a rough guess , the nsoed [has] about 200,000 such “ entries , ” or some twenty per cent fewer than the random house unabridged [ rhdu ] , the popular dictionary nearest in size .

Although the interview suffers from a number of faults—for instance , it is not penetrating or thorough enough , probably because Aman is a better scholar , writer , and editor than interviewer , and it contains gratuitous information about the interviewer who can not resist blowing his own horn—it is at least an attempt at documenting that has not , to my knowledge , been done before in the field of linguistics .
although the interview suffers from a number of faults—for instance , it is not penetrating or thorough enough , probably because aman is a better scholar , writer , and editor than interviewer , and it [has] gratuitous information about the interviewer who can not resist blowing his own horn—it is at least an attempt at documenting that has not , to my knowledge , been done before in the field of linguistics .

I have not seen the word list , but , from the directory of programs I can invoke on the monitor , I know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .
i have not seen the word list , but , from the directory of programs i can invoke on the monitor , i know it [has] about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .

Pre-revolutionary Russia produced a number of dictionaries of proverbs ; a well known one was Dal 's Proverbs and Sayings of the Russian People ( 1862 ) , which contains over 30,000 entries .
pre-revolutionary russia produced a number of dictionaries of proverbs ; a well known one was dal 's proverbs and sayings of the russian people ( 1862 ) , which [has] over 30,000 entries .

The fact is that the dictionary contains popular versions , used in modern spoken Russian .
the fact is that the dictionary [has] popular versions , used in modern spoken russian .

The document contains archives by authorities from Albert Hofmann to Abbie Hoffman , hypertext fac/tion on CIA-sponsored acid tests , and testimonial solicited from users all over the world .
the document [has] archives by authorities from albert hofmann to abbie hoffman , hypertext fac/tion on cia-sponsored acid tests , and testimonial solicited from users all over the world .

It contains a listing of a surprising number of novels and other works ( like The Hypertext Hamlet ) , none of which is accompanied by the customary bibliographic information : in most instances , even the authors are not listed .
it [has] a listing of a surprising number of novels and other works ( like the hypertext hamlet ) , none of which is accompanied by the customary bibliographic information : in most instances , even the authors are not listed .

It also contains sayings that are frequently unattributed , unascribed , misunderstood and misapprehended , or words whose authors might wish to reconsider them .
it also [has] sayings that are frequently unattributed , unascribed , misunderstood and misapprehended , or words whose authors might wish to reconsider them .

The King James Bible , which contains many such archaisms , has preserved them for modern English ; wherefore more commonly appears in the tautology whys and wherefores .
the king james bible , which [has] many such archaisms , has preserved them for modern english ; wherefore more commonly appears in the tautology whys and wherefores .

Thus , one has a romantic poem written in Latin in which the first line contains the words for man and woman on opposite ends of the line .
thus , one has a romantic poem written in latin in which the first line [has] the words for man and woman on opposite ends of the line .

Thorne 's book contains some interesting and useful information , including much that can not be found elsewhere ( No , no , I do n't mean the inaccurate material ) .
thorne 's book [has] some interesting and useful information , including much that can not be found elsewhere ( no , no , i do n't mean the inaccurate material ) .

Your assumption that your program 's spelling checker contains about 37,000 words because it contains about 223,000 characters is mistaken .
your assumption that your program 's spelling checker [has] about 37,000 words because it [has] about 223,000 characters is mistaken .

This was the commercial dock area in antiquity , and more recently the site of the modern city 's slaughterhouse , not much frequented by tourists , although it is near the cemetery that contains the grave of John Keats .
this was the commercial dock area in antiquity , and more recently the site of the modern city 's slaughterhouse , not much frequented by tourists , although it is near the cemetery that [has] the grave of john keats .

Each entry contains a definition ( occasionally two or more ) followed by one or more lengthy , dated citations , plus a date , often different , of the earliest citation on file for each sense .
each entry [has] a definition ( occasionally two or more ) followed by one or more lengthy , dated citations , plus a date , often different , of the earliest citation on file for each sense .

A careful estimate indicates that the TBDNE contains about 9,000 headwords with an additional 2,000 or so other entry words ; of these 11,000 or so entries , some 2,300 ( about 21 % ) are phrasal .
a careful estimate indicates that the tbdne [has] about 9,000 headwords with an additional 2,000 or so other entry words ; of these 11,000 or so entries , some 2,300 ( about 21 % ) are phrasal .

Webster 's New World Dictionary of Quotable Definitions A few years ago , we published Definitive Quotations , by the late John Ferguson , a ( very ) small book that contains entries like , “ boy : A noise with dirt on it. ” Although Brussell 's book does not consist entirely of definitions ( unless the genre be very loosely defined ) , it comes close enough , so if you like these things by the thousands instead of by the score , then buy it .
webster 's new world dictionary of quotable definitions a few years ago , we published definitive quotations , by the late john ferguson , a ( very ) small book that [has] entries like , “ boy : a noise with dirt on it. ” although brussell 's book does not consist entirely of definitions ( unless the genre be very loosely defined ) , it comes close enough , so if you like these things by the thousands instead of by the score , then buy it .

They seem to be a mainstay of condominium resorts like The Margate at Winnepesaukee a Premier Lakes Region Resort ( which suggests ownership ) ; Winterberry a Resort Village ; and Moon Ridge a Point of View , which contains a nice whimsy .
they seem to be a mainstay of condominium resorts like the margate at winnepesaukee a premier lakes region resort ( which suggests ownership ) ; winterberry a resort village ; and moon ridge a point of view , which [has] a nice whimsy .

