In video-taped evidence , Mr Reagan has admitted he approved the covert arms for hostages operation , that became known as the Iran Contra affair , although he says he did n't authorise his staff to break the law .
in video-taped evidence , mr reagan has admitted he approved the covert arms for hostages operation , that became known as the iran [against] affair , although he says he did n't authorise his staff to break the law .

Video taped evidence , in which Mr Reagan admits he approved the covert Arms for Hostages operation , that became known as the Iran Contra affair , is to be made public by the trial judge .
video taped evidence , in which mr reagan admits he approved the covert arms for hostages operation , that became known as the iran [against] affair , is to be made public by the trial judge .

The right-wing Contra rebels in Nicaragua appeared reluctant to disarm even after the new American-backed President Violetta Chamorro was sworn in .
the right-wing [against] rebels in nicaragua appeared reluctant to disarm even after the new american-backed president violetta chamorro was sworn in .

The United Nations reception centres for Contra rebels to return and lay down their weapons , opened for business in an atmosphere of hope rather than anticipation .
the united nations reception centres for [against] rebels to return and lay down their weapons , opened for business in an atmosphere of hope rather than anticipation .

The United Nations Secretary General , Javier Perez del Cuellar asked the Security Council to hold talks on a decision by the Nicaraguan Contra rebels to postpone their demobilisation .
the united nations secretary general , javier perez del cuellar asked the security council to hold talks on a decision by the nicaraguan [against] rebels to postpone their demobilisation .

Well when you exchange contra that 's it .
well when you exchange [against] that 's it .

Unable to wait on the vagaries of the election timetable , land-hungry peasants are seizing farmland in both countries , while disgruntled Nicaraguan ex-combatants from both Contra and government armies periodically take up arms and head for the hills .
unable to wait on the vagaries of the election timetable , land-hungry peasants are seizing farmland in both countries , while disgruntled nicaraguan ex-combatants from both [against] and government armies periodically take up arms and head for the hills .

She , per contra , had so little to do .
she , per [against] , had so little to do .

Collecting by Contra
collecting by [against]

This is settlement by contra .
this is settlement by [against] .

It is best in such cases to set out the contra agreement in writing right at the outset .
it is best in such cases to set out the [against] agreement in writing right at the outset .

This will help to avoid any misunderstandings or arguments as to when , how and what will be settled by contra .
this will help to avoid any misunderstandings or arguments as to when , how and what will be settled by [against] .

Collecting by contra is not allowed if your debtor becomes insolvent unless there is a prior established pattern of setoff .
collecting by [against] is not allowed if your debtor becomes insolvent unless there is a prior established pattern of setoff .

The early essay on Levinas , dating from 1964 , shows the extent to which Derrida has been implicated in such questions from the first — though , contra Norris , he has always shown that the conditions of ‘ writing ’ that make ethics possible also makes them impossible .
the early essay on levinas , dating from 1964 , shows the extent to which derrida has been implicated in such questions from the first — though , [against] norris , he has always shown that the conditions of ‘ writing ’ that make ethics possible also makes them impossible .

Ullman therefore suggests ( contra empiricists and Piaget ) that a baby — or , one might add , a kingfisher — can see that two appearances are views of one and the same object even if it has never seen that sort of object before , and even if it has no tactile or manipulative evidence suggesting that they pertain to one and the same thing .
ullman therefore suggests ( [against] empiricists and piaget ) that a baby — or , one might add , a kingfisher — can see that two appearances are views of one and the same object even if it has never seen that sort of object before , and even if it has no tactile or manipulative evidence suggesting that they pertain to one and the same thing .

In addition to the consumption of resources by the Contra war , it might well be expected that military invasion would harden government attitudes towards those whose actions were deemed anti-social or anti-government .
in addition to the consumption of resources by the [against] war , it might well be expected that military invasion would harden government attitudes towards those whose actions were deemed anti-social or anti-government .

Until the United States sanctions on Nicaragua and its backing for the Contra war come to an end , these limitations on living standards will continue to affect prisoners as much as they affect the rest of the population .
until the united states sanctions on nicaragua and its backing for the [against] war come to an end , these limitations on living standards will continue to affect prisoners as much as they affect the rest of the population .

Contra Marxists , exponents of the autonomous state model are particularly keen to stress that capitalists have continually faced a governing apparatus at least partly structured against them : by feudal forces in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , by socialist labour movements in the twentieth century , and by the military requirements and foreign policy aims of governing elites at all times ( Finer , 1975 ) .
[against] marxists , exponents of the autonomous state model are particularly keen to stress that capitalists have continually faced a governing apparatus at least partly structured against them : by feudal forces in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , by socialist labour movements in the twentieth century , and by the military requirements and foreign policy aims of governing elites at all times ( finer , 1975 ) .

During the Contra war , Enriqueta ran literacy classes in some of the most conflict-torn areas of the country .
during the [against] war , enriqueta ran literacy classes in some of the most conflict-torn areas of the country .

Thomas 's defence of the mendicant friars ' claims , Manus quae contra Omnipotentem ( ed .
thomas 's defence of the mendicant friars ' claims , manus quae [against] omnipotentem ( ed .

Uncertainty provokes disputes ; ambiguities may be resolved contra proferentem and , in extreme cases , uncertainty may lead to a term or a whole contract being held to be void .
uncertainty provokes disputes ; ambiguities may be resolved [against] proferentem and , in extreme cases , uncertainty may lead to a term or a whole contract being held to be void .

Contra proferentem construction Exclusion clauses will be interpreted strictly and any ambiguity in the clause will be resolved by the court adopting the meaning least favourable to the interests of the party seeking to rely on the clause .
[against] proferentem construction exclusion clauses will be interpreted strictly and any ambiguity in the clause will be resolved by the court adopting the meaning least favourable to the interests of the party seeking to rely on the clause .

The first is that in cases of doubt the courts will construe the restriction contra proferentes .
the first is that in cases of doubt the courts will construe the restriction [against] proferentes .

The strict approach , whereby in construing the effect of a purported exclusion clause everything was construed against the party in whose favour a term was included in the contract , the contra preferentem rule , has been mitigated through statutory intervention .
the strict approach , whereby in construing the effect of a purported exclusion clause everything was construed against the party in whose favour a term was included in the contract , the [against] preferentem rule , has been mitigated through statutory intervention .

It is a well-known maxim of construction that in case of ambiguity a contract is construed contra proferentem .
it is a well-known maxim of construction that in case of ambiguity a contract is construed [against] proferentem .

If any cash is transferred from the office to the bank or a cheque is cashed for office use a contra entry is made , which means an entry is made on the debit and credit side of the cash book showing the transfer and c is written in the folio column .
if any cash is transferred from the office to the bank or a cheque is cashed for office use a [against] entry is made , which means an entry is made on the debit and credit side of the cash book showing the transfer and c is written in the folio column .

For Francois Hotman , the author of Francogallia , as well as for the ( still uncertain ) author of the Vindiciae contra Tyrannos ( 1579 ) , and for the Scottish writer George Buchanan , whose tract De Jure Regni apud Scotos appeared in the same year as the Vindiciae , it is for the people to decide when and if a ruler has become a tyrant .
for francois hotman , the author of francogallia , as well as for the ( still uncertain ) author of the vindiciae [against] tyrannos ( 1579 ) , and for the scottish writer george buchanan , whose tract de jure regni apud scotos appeared in the same year as the vindiciae , it is for the people to decide when and if a ruler has become a tyrant .

When he went to Nicaragua last year for Ortega , his car — the last in the convoy trailing the president — was caught in the midst of a contra ambush .
when he went to nicaragua last year for ortega , his car — the last in the convoy trailing the president — was caught in the midst of a [against] ambush .

Behind the Iran Contra Affair by Barbara Trent , recently shown on British television ; and to the British film Hell to Pay by Alexandra Anderson and Anne Cottringer , a study of the effects of the international economic situation on the lives of women in Bolivia .
behind the iran [against] affair by barbara trent , recently shown on british television ; and to the british film hell to pay by alexandra anderson and anne cottringer , a study of the effects of the international economic situation on the lives of women in bolivia .

37372 ; 37527 ] , and the disbanding of the contra rebels in Nicaragua [ see pp .
37372 ; 37527 ] , and the disbanding of the [against] rebels in nicaragua [ see pp .

On May 30 contra rebel leaders signed a new agreement with the government of President Violeta Chamorro to disarm their forces by June 10 .
on may 30 [against] rebel leaders signed a new agreement with the government of president violeta chamorro to disarm their forces by june 10 .

Poindexter was the last and most senior of the Iran-Contra defendants to face trial on charges arising from an operation which involved the clandestine sale of United States arms to Iran and the illegal diversion of the profits to assist the right-wing contra rebels in Nicaragua .
poindexter was the last and most senior of the iran-contra defendants to face trial on charges arising from an operation which involved the clandestine sale of united states arms to iran and the illegal diversion of the profits to assist the right-wing [against] rebels in nicaragua .

An agreement signed on March 27 by Humberto Ortega on behalf of the Sandinista government and by Chamorro 's chief aide Antonio Lacayo had prohibited active members of the armed forces from holding positions in political parties , and made the peaceful handover of power and the subjection of the armed forces to civilian authority conditional on the disarming of the contra guerrillas by April 25 [ see below ] .
an agreement signed on march 27 by humberto ortega on behalf of the sandinista government and by chamorro 's chief aide antonio lacayo had prohibited active members of the armed forces from holding positions in political parties , and made the peaceful handover of power and the subjection of the armed forces to civilian authority conditional on the disarming of the [against] guerrillas by april 25 [ see below ] .

Contra demobilization
[against] demobilization

An agreement was signed in the Honduran capital , Tegucigalpa , on March 23 to disband by April 20 an estimated total of 10,000 contra rebels based in camps in Honduras .
an agreement was signed in the honduran capital , tegucigalpa , on march 23 to disband by april 20 an estimated total of 10,000 [against] rebels based in camps in honduras .

The agreement followed talks between the contra leader Oscar Sobalvarro ( known as Commander Rúben ) , Antonio Lacayo , an adviser to Nicaragua 's President-elect Violeta Chamorro , and Cardinal Miguel Obando y Bravo , Archbishop of Managua .
the agreement followed talks between the [against] leader oscar sobalvarro ( known as commander rúben ) , antonio lacayo , an adviser to nicaragua 's president-elect violeta chamorro , and cardinal miguel obando y bravo , archbishop of managua .

Her own family of four children was divided along ideological lines : one daughter was editor of the newspaper La Prensa , which Violeta herself owned and which was openly critical of the Sandinista government ; the other daughter was a Sandinista diplomat ; one son was editor of the Sandinista party newspaper Barricada ; and the other son , Pedro Joaquín Chamorro , was formerly a leader of the contra directorate .
her own family of four children was divided along ideological lines : one daughter was editor of the newspaper la prensa , which violeta herself owned and which was openly critical of the sandinista government ; the other daughter was a sandinista diplomat ; one son was editor of the sandinista party newspaper barricada ; and the other son , pedro joaquín chamorro , was formerly a leader of the [against] directorate .

He congratulated Ortega on his conduct of the elections and called for a ceasefire in the contra war , stating that `` given the clear mandate for peace and democracy there is no reason for further military activity from any quarter `` .
he congratulated ortega on his conduct of the elections and called for a ceasefire in the [against] war , stating that `` given the clear mandate for peace and democracy there is no reason for further military activity from any quarter `` .

The Sapoá agreement was signed by representatives of the Nicaraguan government and the anti-government United States-backed contra rebels at a meeting on March 21-23 , 1988 , in Sapoá , Nicaragua [ see p. 35894 ] .
the sapoá agreement was signed by representatives of the nicaraguan government and the anti-government united states-backed [against] rebels at a meeting on march 21-23 , 1988 , in sapoá , nicaragua [ see p. 35894 ] .

It provided for ( i ) a provisional 60-day ceasefire and the restriction of contra forces to designated zones ; ( ii ) high-level negotiations on democratic reforms and a permanent ceasefire ; and ( iii ) certain concessions by the Nicaraguan government including an amnesty .
it provided for ( i ) a provisional 60-day ceasefire and the restriction of [against] forces to designated zones ; ( ii ) high-level negotiations on democratic reforms and a permanent ceasefire ; and ( iii ) certain concessions by the nicaraguan government including an amnesty .

Contra developments
[against] developments

Following their return , the contra leadership remaining in exile announced on Nov. 9 the formation of a new commission , dominated by young military commanders , to replace the directorate .
following their return , the [against] leadership remaining in exile announced on nov. 9 the formation of a new commission , dominated by young military commanders , to replace the directorate .

Two nuns — one from the United States and the other a Nicaraguan — were killed and a priest and several others were wounded during a contra attack in the north-east on Jan. 2 , 1990 .
two nuns — one from the united states and the other a nicaraguan — were killed and a priest and several others were wounded during a [against] attack in the north-east on jan. 2 , 1990 .

Relations with Nicaragua were tense over the presence in Honduras of United States-financed Nicaraguan contra rebels who , although technically confined to border camps by international agreements , had again stepped up their attacks in Nicaragua at the end of 1989 [ see p. 37038 ] .
relations with nicaragua were tense over the presence in honduras of united states-financed nicaraguan [against] rebels who , although technically confined to border camps by international agreements , had again stepped up their attacks in nicaragua at the end of 1989 [ see p. 37038 ] .

An exclusion clause is construed contra proferentem , i. e. narrowly against the interest of the person relying upon it .
an exclusion clause is construed [against] proferentem , i. e. narrowly against the interest of the person relying upon it .

Exemption clauses are still to be construed contra proferentem , i.e .
exemption clauses are still to be construed [against] proferentem , i.e .

One aspect of the contra proferentem rule is that , if there is more than one possible head of liability one of which is liability for negligence , then an exemption clause will not be interpreted as excluding liability for negligence unless it does so in clear terms .
one aspect of the [against] proferentem rule is that , if there is more than one possible head of liability one of which is liability for negligence , then an exemption clause will not be interpreted as excluding liability for negligence unless it does so in clear terms .

On the other hand the Ailsa Craig case established that the contra proferentem rule is not applied quite as rigorously in interpreting clauses which merely limit the defendant 's ( usually the seller 's ) liability , as it is to clauses which claim to exclude his liability .
on the other hand the ailsa craig case established that the [against] proferentem rule is not applied quite as rigorously in interpreting clauses which merely limit the defendant 's ( usually the seller 's ) liability , as it is to clauses which claim to exclude his liability .

President Reagan openly backs the Contra guerillas against the Nicaraguan Sandinista Government for the first time .
president reagan openly backs the [against] guerillas against the nicaraguan sandinista government for the first time .

There is general agreement that in the elections which removed the Sandinistas from power earlier this year the Nicaraguan people voted against the long US-sponsored Contra war and their empty stomachs , not against the social reforms of the Revolution .
there is general agreement that in the elections which removed the sandinistas from power earlier this year the nicaraguan people voted against the long us-sponsored [against] war and their empty stomachs , not against the social reforms of the revolution .

Attitudes could be elicited aplenty and could , contra the views of many of the early survey researchers who thought them unlikely material for social research in being basically subjective opinions , provide valuable data if suitably measured .
attitudes could be elicited aplenty and could , [against] the views of many of the early survey researchers who thought them unlikely material for social research in being basically subjective opinions , provide valuable data if suitably measured .

At the same time several former contra leaders were appointed to senior government posts and a number of supporters of Vice-President Virgilio Godoy were not reappointed .
at the same time several former [against] leaders were appointed to senior government posts and a number of supporters of vice-president virgilio godoy were not reappointed .

In addition to two charges of perjury and two counts of making false statements , he was also charged with having obstructed the investigation by concealing the existence of extensive personal notes which were relevant to the clandestine 1985-86 operation to sell arms to Iran and to divert the profits to assist the right-wing `` contra `` rebels in Nicaragua .
in addition to two charges of perjury and two counts of making false statements , he was also charged with having obstructed the investigation by concealing the existence of extensive personal notes which were relevant to the clandestine 1985-86 operation to sell arms to iran and to divert the profits to assist the right-wing `` [against] `` rebels in nicaragua .

The Interior Minister Carlos Hurtado held a meeting on Sept. 3 with the re-contras , the rearmed right-wing contra rebels .
the interior minister carlos hurtado held a meeting on sept. 3 with the re-contras , the rearmed right-wing [against] rebels .

Renewed contra activity
renewed [against] activity

National Agrarian Commission — Renewed contra attacks
national agrarian commission — renewed [against] attacks

Iran Contra scandal
iran [against] scandal

In mid-May the government , in a largely symbolic gesture , awarded rights to 800 plots of land close to the capital Managua to re-armed right-wing " contra " rebels recontras and re-armed left-wing Sandinista recompas .
in mid-may the government , in a largely symbolic gesture , awarded rights to 800 plots of land close to the capital managua to re-armed right-wing " [against] " rebels recontras and re-armed left-wing sandinista recompas .

Death of former contra leader
death of former [against] leader

The investigation — into how illegal arms sales were made to Iran and the profits clandestinely diverted to support the contra rebels in Nicaragua — had begun in December 1986 .
the investigation — into how illegal arms sales were made to iran and the profits clandestinely diverted to support the [against] rebels in nicaragua — had begun in december 1986 .

Contra unrest
[against] unrest

The government of President Violeta Barrios de Chamorro arrested former contra leader Aristides Sanchez on Nov. 18 and seized weapons which were allegedly intended for use in a `` dangerous plan `` by former contras to destabilize the country .
the government of president violeta barrios de chamorro arrested former [against] leader aristides sanchez on nov. 18 and seized weapons which were allegedly intended for use in a `` dangerous plan `` by former contras to destabilize the country .

The establishment of a new political party , independent of the old contra military leadership and claiming to represent more than 3,000 former contras , was reported in El País of Nov. 27 .
the establishment of a new political party , independent of the old [against] military leadership and claiming to represent more than 3,000 former contras , was reported in el país of nov. 27 .

Assassination of former contra leader
assassination of former [against] leader

This is even true , contra Kolve , of what he says for most of his prologue .
this is even true , [against] kolve , of what he says for most of his prologue .

Flavius Josephus made a diligent search for references to Jews in Greek literature when he compiled his contra Apionem ; and no doubt he had many predecessors in this hunt .
flavius josephus made a diligent search for references to jews in greek literature when he compiled his [against] apionem ; and no doubt he had many predecessors in this hunt .

This is the cue for the survivors — a young Contra ( Mark Hadfield ) and his prisoner ( Christian Dixon ) — to embark on an odyssey in the course of which the psychological balance of power gradually shifts .
this is the cue for the survivors — a young [against] ( mark hadfield ) and his prisoner ( christian dixon ) — to embark on an odyssey in the course of which the psychological balance of power gradually shifts .

As Senator Cohen put it , a sort of metaphysical exercise went on ‘ to define how many foreign leaders can be made to dance on the head of the President 's contra programme without calling it a solicitation ,
as senator cohen put it , a sort of metaphysical exercise went on ‘ to define how many foreign leaders can be made to dance on the head of the president 's [against] programme without calling it a solicitation ,

Unacknowledged when it was received , the contra money was also unacknowledged when spent .
unacknowledged when it was received , the [against] money was also unacknowledged when spent .

As North wrote to Adolfo Calero , the chief contra leader , on May 1st 1986 , ‘ source of funding ( this was the Saudi money ) must not become known .
as north wrote to adolfo calero , the chief [against] leader , on may 1st 1986 , ‘ source of funding ( this was the saudi money ) must not become known .

Nonetheless , knowledge seeped out ; not least because both the Iran and contra operations , however much compartmented and closely held , were run by a man who could not resist talking about them .
nonetheless , knowledge seeped out ; not least because both the iran and [against] operations , however much compartmented and closely held , were run by a man who could not resist talking about them .

’ On the first leg of the flight to Tehran , courtesy of one of the aircraft that also helped with contra resupply , North told Cave ‘ This is Democracy Airlines , ’ and laughed ; Cave had no notion what he meant .
’ on the first leg of the flight to tehran , courtesy of one of the aircraft that also helped with [against] resupply , north told cave ‘ this is democracy airlines , ’ and laughed ; cave had no notion what he meant .

Poindexter remembered a meeting one day in the Oval Office , discussing sources of contra money , when he had to move quickly to stop North blurting out that there was money available in places he knew .
poindexter remembered a meeting one day in the oval office , discussing sources of [against] money , when he had to move quickly to stop north blurting out that there was money available in places he knew .

Hakim was the grand treasurer of ‘ The Enterprise ’ , the web of companies that lay behind both the Iran and the contra operations .
hakim was the grand treasurer of ‘ the enterprise ’ , the web of companies that lay behind both the iran and the [against] operations .

Some letters to Adolfo Calero , the chief contra leader , were signed ‘ Steelhammer .
some letters to adolfo calero , the chief [against] leader , were signed ‘ steelhammer .

Fascination with code names went well beyond operations , reaching even the contra supporters and fund-raisers .
fascination with code names went well beyond operations , reaching even the [against] supporters and fund-raisers .

If North was running the contra war vicariously ( ’ from my desk ’ ) , the smooth organizers of the private pro-contra network and their rich , mostly female , mostly elderly contributors were even further removed .
if north was running the [against] war vicariously ( ’ from my desk ’ ) , the smooth organizers of the private pro-contra network and their rich , mostly female , mostly elderly contributors were even further removed .

And really , he said , the Iran and contra operations had not been central to his life .
and really , he said , the iran and [against] operations had not been central to his life .

With contra policy , matters became vaguer still .
with [against] policy , matters became vaguer still .

Like all fighters in tight little bands , the players in Iran-contra often felt that they were not understood : nos contra mundum .
like all fighters in tight little bands , the players in iran-contra often felt that they were not understood : nos [against] mundum .

If the contra operation worked , Central America would be saved for democracy and Communism stopped at the doorstep of the United States .
if the [against] operation worked , central america would be saved for democracy and communism stopped at the doorstep of the united states .

The contra war struck a particular patriotic chord .
the [against] war struck a particular patriotic chord .

His plan was for the contra leaders to set sail with their manifesto , or a version of it , to Philadelphia from Nicaragua .
his plan was for the [against] leaders to set sail with their manifesto , or a version of it , to philadelphia from nicaragua .

North would charter a Caribbean cruise ship , the Sea Goddess , for half a million dollars ; the contra leaders would come on board , declare their independence from the regime in Managua , adopt a constitution and seek recognition from Washington ; the ship would then sail up the east coast , turn up the Delaware river and dock in Philadelphia , and cameras would record it all .
north would charter a caribbean cruise ship , the sea goddess , for half a million dollars ; the [against] leaders would come on board , declare their independence from the regime in managua , adopt a constitution and seek recognition from washington ; the ship would then sail up the east coast , turn up the delaware river and dock in philadelphia , and cameras would record it all .

The contra cause was fired by reverence , both among the rebel leaders and their American sponsors , for democracy in its raw form , not far from anarchy : for freedom of action and impulse , for the right to take up arms and set up companies , but not for the constraints of legislatures or even , much , for the damp blanket of different opinions .
the [against] cause was fired by reverence , both among the rebel leaders and their american sponsors , for democracy in its raw form , not far from anarchy : for freedom of action and impulse , for the right to take up arms and set up companies , but not for the constraints of legislatures or even , much , for the damp blanket of different opinions .

But Hull 's stumbling poetry suggested that the contra war could also be made transcendent : an ideological and moral imperative , part of the ‘ manifest destiny ’ of America to civilize the hemisphere , as earlier adventurers had phrased it , under the eye of God .
but hull 's stumbling poetry suggested that the [against] war could also be made transcendent : an ideological and moral imperative , part of the ‘ manifest destiny ’ of america to civilize the hemisphere , as earlier adventurers had phrased it , under the eye of god .

Owen , feeling at last that he ought to retire from contra matters — — but remembering what he had sworn ‘ on the altar of God ’ — hoped that he might still be of use to North ‘ against another group of Godless communists .
owen , feeling at last that he ought to retire from [against] matters — — but remembering what he had sworn ‘ on the altar of god ’ — hoped that he might still be of use to north ‘ against another group of godless communists .

It was in this spirit that he conducted , round the back of the law , the contra operation .
it was in this spirit that he conducted , round the back of the law , the [against] operation .

Contra children would come to Washington to be held aloft by Reagan at banquets , the little girls in lipstick and party dresses ; North would visit the camps , trying to talk to the children , and taking pictures to keep in a shoebox in his office .
[against] children would come to washington to be held aloft by reagan at banquets , the little girls in lipstick and party dresses ; north would visit the camps , trying to talk to the children , and taking pictures to keep in a shoebox in his office .

The contra leaders , sitting for much of the time in Miami in their well-cut lightweight suits and their gold watches , had purposes in view , some of them not especially noble ; the rebels in the field were mostly tired , variously motivated , and confused .
the [against] leaders , sitting for much of the time in miami in their well-cut lightweight suits and their gold watches , had purposes in view , some of them not especially noble ; the rebels in the field were mostly tired , variously motivated , and confused .

The contra leaders were considerably less keen .
the [against] leaders were considerably less keen .

Concern about a possible cancellation of the parliamentary and presidential polls grew after Mr Ortega ended the ceasefire with the contra rebels on November 1 .
concern about a possible cancellation of the parliamentary and presidential polls grew after mr ortega ended the ceasefire with the [against] rebels on november 1 .

The Nicaraguan ambassador said it should ‘ contribute significantly to impeding the infiltration of contra forces into Nicaraguan territory ’ .
the nicaraguan ambassador said it should ‘ contribute significantly to impeding the infiltration of [against] forces into nicaraguan territory ’ .

It did not set out to be radically different , though Haydn 's colourful scoring was certainly enhanced by the use of period instruments ( including a fortepiano in the recitatives and a bass line reinforced more consistently by bass trombone and contra bassoon ) , but it succeeded in being unforced and unfettered .
it did not set out to be radically different , though haydn 's colourful scoring was certainly enhanced by the use of period instruments ( including a fortepiano in the recitatives and a bass line reinforced more consistently by bass trombone and [against] bassoon ) , but it succeeded in being unforced and unfettered .

President Reagan spent an inordinate time in trying to destabilise the Sandinistas by arming the contra rebels .
president reagan spent an inordinate time in trying to destabilise the sandinistas by arming the [against] rebels .

The CIA-backed contra war was an inconsequential affair in world terms , although it brought much destruction and suffering to the Nicaraguans themselves .
the cia-backed [against] war was an inconsequential affair in world terms , although it brought much destruction and suffering to the nicaraguans themselves .

Gen Noriega ingratiated himself by offering his services to a White House bent on making the Sandinistas ‘ cry uncle ’ , although his help for the contra cause was limited .
gen noriega ingratiated himself by offering his services to a white house bent on making the sandinistas ‘ cry uncle ’ , although his help for the [against] cause was limited .

Again , contra Lawrence , it is obvious that for Eliot the idea that modern western society should adopt savage customs is seen as ludicrous and reprehensible , since he believed that not even the lowest of civilized people could adapt themselves to such society without deteriorating and frequently also corrupting the natives .
again , [against] lawrence , it is obvious that for eliot the idea that modern western society should adopt savage customs is seen as ludicrous and reprehensible , since he believed that not even the lowest of civilized people could adapt themselves to such society without deteriorating and frequently also corrupting the natives .

The presidents agreed on a number of points relating to the 10-year-old civil war in El Salvador and the sanctuary given to Nicaraguan contra rebels in Honduras .
the presidents agreed on a number of points relating to the 10-year-old civil war in el salvador and the sanctuary given to nicaraguan [against] rebels in honduras .

According to West European diplomats in Managua , President Daniel Ortega is running out of time in his attempts to present himself to the Nicaraguan electorate on February 25 as the ‘ peace maker ’ who ended the contra war .
according to west european diplomats in managua , president daniel ortega is running out of time in his attempts to present himself to the nicaraguan electorate on february 25 as the ‘ peace maker ’ who ended the [against] war .

‘ They could see it was distracting attention from their own priorities over contra demobilisation .
‘ they could see it was distracting attention from their own priorities over [against] demobilisation .

In his quest for a solution to the contra insurgency , Mr Ortega dramatised the situation at the end of October by cancelling a 19-month-old ceasefire and resuming offensive operations .
in his quest for a solution to the [against] insurgency , mr ortega dramatised the situation at the end of october by cancelling a 19-month-old ceasefire and resuming offensive operations .

For Managua , the greater the involvement of Latin countries and independent agencies , the greater is the pressure on Washington to support contra demobilisation .
for managua , the greater the involvement of latin countries and independent agencies , the greater is the pressure on washington to support [against] demobilisation .

The five-country meeting at San Jose has assumed a critical atmosphere because of the possible breakdown of last August 's Tela accord , which agreed contra demobilisation in exchange for democratic Nicaraguan elections .
the five-country meeting at san jose has assumed a critical atmosphere because of the possible breakdown of last august 's tela accord , which agreed [against] demobilisation in exchange for democratic nicaraguan elections .

After the contra field commanders ' rejection of their exiled political leaders , and as a result of Washington 's loss of leverage , the estimated 12,000-strong force has become an even more unpredictable element in a complex equation .
after the [against] field commanders ' rejection of their exiled political leaders , and as a result of washington 's loss of leverage , the estimated 12,000-strong force has become an even more unpredictable element in a complex equation .

But meanwhile North had discovered that the secret shipments of arms to Iran were generating upwards of $ 15 million which he proposed diverting to fund the American-backed Contra forces fighting in Nicaragua for whom Congress had refused to provide any further financial aid on the grounds that Reagan was involving America in an operation to overthrow by force another country 's legitimate government .
but meanwhile north had discovered that the secret shipments of arms to iran were generating upwards of $ 15 million which he proposed diverting to fund the american-backed [against] forces fighting in nicaragua for whom congress had refused to provide any further financial aid on the grounds that reagan was involving america in an operation to overthrow by force another country 's legitimate government .

The economic embargo and blockade by the United States and the Contra war had left Nicaragua 's economy on its knees , and its population concentrating on day-to-day survival with terrifying levels of inflation , which by the beginning of 1988 had reached a staggering 30,000 per cent a year .
the economic embargo and blockade by the united states and the [against] war had left nicaragua 's economy on its knees , and its population concentrating on day-to-day survival with terrifying levels of inflation , which by the beginning of 1988 had reached a staggering 30,000 per cent a year .

A block north of the Plaza Mayor is the Museo Nacional de la Lucha Contra Bandidos ( National Museum of the Struggle against the Bandits ) , housed in a former convent .
a block north of the plaza mayor is the museo nacional de la lucha [against] bandidos ( national museum of the struggle against the bandits ) , housed in a former convent .

CONTRA ACCOUNT - One of two or more accounts which partially or wholly offset another or other accounts ; on financial statements , they may be either merged or appear together .
[against] account - one of two or more accounts which partially or wholly offset another or other accounts ; on financial statements , they may be either merged or appear together .

REVENUE ADJUSTMENT -A contra revenue account that is used to report reduction in revenue when realization is not probable ( less likely than not ) .
revenue adjustment -a [against] revenue account that is used to report reduction in revenue when realization is not probable ( less likely than not ) .

The new program , headquartered in Oakland , was the result of a merger between San Francisco Neighborhood Legal Assistance ( SFNLAF ) , Community Legal Services in San Jose , and Legal Foundation of Contra Costa .
the new program , headquartered in oakland , was the result of a merger between san francisco neighborhood legal assistance ( sfnlaf ) , community legal services in san jose , and legal foundation of [against] costa .

He was also constrained by a bill he signed into law that made it illegal to ship military aid to anticommunist Contra guerrillas in Nicaragua , whom he strongly supported .
he was also constrained by a bill he signed into law that made it illegal to ship military aid to anticommunist [against] guerrillas in nicaragua , whom he strongly supported .

Vyvyan : Our mission , Cyril : contra the laws promulgated by fundamentalists , as in Iran or the United States .
vyvyan : our mission , cyril : [against] the laws promulgated by fundamentalists , as in iran or the united states .

Et contra illa instabat femineum nec mutans femina morem et cum lacrimis pedibus eius obvoluta , quod petebat , tandem obtinuit .
et [against] illa instabat femineum nec mutans femina morem et cum lacrimis pedibus eius obvoluta , quod petebat , tandem obtinuit .

It will be a credible work about a Jewish Kid who gets thrown in jail in Nicaragua , is freed by a Contra group and eventually sides with them for the right reasons .
it will be a credible work about a jewish kid who gets thrown in jail in nicaragua , is freed by a [against] group and eventually sides with them for the right reasons .

In your exchange with Philip Gourevitch about my book The Holocaust in American Life , you wrote the following , apropos of what you termed `` the so-called 'lessons of the Holocaust , ' or why we recall the Holocaust at all '' : `` I would suggest , contra Novick , that not every institutional memory of the Holocaust is a deliberate instrumentalization of it toward cheap and self-interested ends . ''
in your exchange with philip gourevitch about my book the holocaust in american life , you wrote the following , apropos of what you termed `` the so-called 'lessons of the holocaust , ' or why we recall the holocaust at all '' : `` i would suggest , [against] novick , that not every institutional memory of the holocaust is a deliberate instrumentalization of it toward cheap and self-interested ends . ''

When the San Jose Mercury News recently published its findings linking the CIA and Contra drug-runners , the rumors flared anew .
when the san jose mercury news recently published its findings linking the cia and [against] drug-runners , the rumors flared anew .

The media have developed an insatiable passion for `` witch hunts , '' such as the one that badly distorted Iran Contra stories during the Reagan years .
the media have developed an insatiable passion for `` witch hunts , '' such as the one that badly distorted iran [against] stories during the reagan years .

In 1987 , Stephen Kinzer of the New York Times encountered a contra patrol in northern Nicaragua , chatted with the men amicably for an hour or so , and then got ready to leave .
in 1987 , stephen kinzer of the new york times encountered a [against] patrol in northern nicaragua , chatted with the men amicably for an hour or so , and then got ready to leave .

In the course of his assessment of the likely impact of the Clinton scandal on the book biz , the WP 's literary reporter David Streitfeld points out that the New Yorker 's Jeffrey Toobin has performed the `` journalism equivalent of a triple lutz '' : writing books on Iran Contra , OJ , and Bill-Monica .
in the course of his assessment of the likely impact of the clinton scandal on the book biz , the wp 's literary reporter david streitfeld points out that the new yorker 's jeffrey toobin has performed the `` journalism equivalent of a triple lutz '' : writing books on iran [against] , oj , and bill-monica .

Such a perplexing word might be called a contronym , using the prefix contra- ( from the Latin contra meaning against ) , or possibly a contradictonym .
such a perplexing word might be called a contronym , using the prefix contra- ( from the latin [against] meaning against ) , or possibly a contradictonym .

