Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval .
mrs. williams had a list which she said [had] about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of dr. jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval .

Thus some provinces contained tribes which detested each other , and to them independence meant an opportunity for war .
thus some provinces [had] tribes which detested each other , and to them independence meant an opportunity for war .

When founded by Franklin the Gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays .
when founded by franklin the gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually [had] more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays .

It contained , for example , a number of curious admissions about the peasants , who enjoy no sickness benefits , no old-age pensions , no paid holidays ; ;
it [had] , for example , a number of curious admissions about the peasants , who enjoy no sickness benefits , no old-age pensions , no paid holidays ; ;

What we will be sacrificing in any such arrangement will be our power to be selective which is contained in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now operate .
what we will be sacrificing in any such arrangement will be our power to be selective which is [had] in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now operate .

Pianists who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in Schubert's Sonatas .
pianists who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material [had] in schubert's sonatas .

A brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than 6000 tons of timber .
a brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge [had] more than 6000 tons of timber .

This original capsule contained a battery and a transistor oscillator and was about 1 cm. in diameter .
this original capsule [had] a battery and a transistor oscillator and was about 1 cm. in diameter .

A good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr. G. Baum who has explored the human eye .
a good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is [had] in papers presented by dr. g. baum who has explored the human eye .

In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy .
in may , 1803 , ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to oersted a letter that [had] a remarkable prophecy .

Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles .
electrical literature [had] numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles .

Lieutenant Richardson could envy the officers and men of the John Harvey in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs .
lieutenant richardson could envy the officers and men of the john harvey in their innocent assumption that the ship [had] nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs .

In regard to Eichmann , it was to be found in the Nazi outlook , which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-Semitism , a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more virulent .
in regard to eichmann , it was to be found in the nazi outlook , which [had] a principle separate from and far worse than anti-semitism , a principle by which the poison of anti-semitism itself was made more virulent .

Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half-acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler's victories into a permanent light-mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let's try it '' .
not through fear of disobeying orders , as eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half-acceptance of the vicious absurdities [had] in the nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of hitler's victories into a permanent light-mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` well , let's try it '' .

One of the A.L.A.M. lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure , the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes , `` at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone , could have been contained in one volume '' .
one of the a.l.a.m. lawyers observed that if the selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure , the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes , `` at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone , could have been [had] in one volume '' .

The codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof `` unique device '' .
the codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are [had] in a sealed x-ray-proof `` unique device '' .

The publication of Father Connolly's The Man Has Wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty .
the publication of father connolly's the man has wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it [had] can now be had without difficulty .

He was seldom an unmethodical critic , and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern : a description of what the work contained , a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it , and , wherever possible , a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found .
he was seldom an unmethodical critic , and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern : a description of what the work [had] , a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it , and , wherever possible , a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found .

Their conclusions concerning the untrustworthiness of the West Saxon annals , the confused chronology of Bede , the unreliability of the early positions of the Anglo-Saxon genealogies and the mythological elements contained in Nennius are now mostly accepted .
their conclusions concerning the untrustworthiness of the west saxon annals , the confused chronology of bede , the unreliability of the early positions of the anglo-saxon genealogies and the mythological elements [had] in nennius are now mostly accepted .

It is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they contained assumed the order in which we find them .
it is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they [had] assumed the order in which we find them .

As the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program .
as the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations [had] in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the planning division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program .

An excellent summary of advantages concerning the uniform fiscal year and coordinated fiscal calendars was contained in a paper presented by a public finance authority recently .
an excellent summary of advantages concerning the uniform fiscal year and coordinated fiscal calendars was [had] in a paper presented by a public finance authority recently .

Each Journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest , and departments devoted to military medical news , reviews of new books , and other features of interest to officers of the medical services .
each journal [had] articles of professional and clinical interest , and departments devoted to military medical news , reviews of new books , and other features of interest to officers of the medical services .

Surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in 15- and 25-liter metallic storage dewars .
surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths [had] in 15- and 25-liter metallic storage dewars .

These plans , like Du Pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on Du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised .
these plans , like du pont's , [had] provisions for passing the vote on du pont's general motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du pont , christiana , and delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised .

Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped .
similar restrictions on the strength of the army national guard [had] in the 1960 department of defense appropriation act should likewise be dropped .

The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items .
the department of defense appropriation acts for the past several years have [had] a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items .

The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure .
the face of one block [had] a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure .

Subsequently , we learned from Douglass that his sample contained a few percent Af impurity .
subsequently , we learned from douglass that his sample [had] a few percent af impurity .

This sample was contained in a cylindrical container similar to that described above .
this sample was [had] in a cylindrical container similar to that described above .

Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .
much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents [had] in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .

One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline .
one [had] complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline .

The second contained incomplete antibody and showed titers of 1 : 256 in albumin and 1 : 2048 by the indirect Coombs test .
the second [had] incomplete antibody and showed titers of 1 : 256 in albumin and 1 : 2048 by the indirect coombs test .

Each initially contained 1700 ml of buffer ; ;
each initially [had] 1700 ml of buffer ; ;

In addition , other sections contained focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were infiltrated with neutrophils .
in addition , other sections [had] focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were infiltrated with neutrophils .

The endothelial cells lining the sinusoids were prominent , and many contained large quantities of hemosiderin .
the endothelial cells lining the sinusoids were prominent , and many [had] large quantities of hemosiderin .

Some of the sinusoids contained large numbers of nucleated red cells , and cells of the granulocytic series were found in small numbers .
some of the sinusoids [had] large numbers of nucleated red cells , and cells of the granulocytic series were found in small numbers .

Some liver cord cells contained vacuolated cytoplasm , while others had small amounts of brown hemosiderin pigment .
some liver cord cells [had] vacuolated cytoplasm , while others had small amounts of brown hemosiderin pigment .

The gallbladder contained about 40 cc. of green-brown bile and 3 smooth , dark-green calculi measuring up to 1 cm. in diameter .
the gallbladder [had] about 40 cc. of green-brown bile and 3 smooth , dark-green calculi measuring up to 1 cm. in diameter .

The small intestine and colon contained approximately 300 cc. of foul-smelling , sanguineous material , and the mucosa throughout was hyperemic and mottled green-brown .
the small intestine and colon [had] approximately 300 cc. of foul-smelling , sanguineous material , and the mucosa throughout was hyperemic and mottled green-brown .

Microscopically , the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and contained large numbers of Gram-negative bacterial rods .
microscopically , the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and [had] large numbers of gram-negative bacterial rods .

The mucosa of the jejunum and ileum showed similar changes , and in some areas the submucosa was edematous and contained considerable numbers of neutrophils .
the mucosa of the jejunum and ileum showed similar changes , and in some areas the submucosa was edematous and [had] considerable numbers of neutrophils .

Occasional tubules contained hyaline casts admixed with neutrophils .
occasional tubules [had] hyaline casts admixed with neutrophils .

Such swollen fibers were deeply eosinophilic , contained a few pyknotic nuclei , and showed loss of cross-striations , obliteration of myofibrils , and prominent vacuolization .
such swollen fibers were deeply eosinophilic , [had] a few pyknotic nuclei , and showed loss of cross-striations , obliteration of myofibrils , and prominent vacuolization .

These were increased both in number and in size , contained prominent nucleoli , and were distributed throughout the fiber ( Figs. 2 - 5 ) .
these were increased both in number and in size , [had] prominent nucleoli , and were distributed throughout the fiber ( figs. 2 - 5 ) .

Occasionally there were small basophilic fibers that were devoid of myofibrillae and contained many vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli ( Fig. 5 ) .
occasionally there were small basophilic fibers that were devoid of myofibrillae and [had] many vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli ( fig. 5 ) .

In some tumor sections small spherical bodies , possibly inclusion bodies ( Littau and Black , 1952 ) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen .
in some tumor sections small spherical bodies , possibly inclusion bodies ( littau and black , 1952 ) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably [had] more antigen .

Freeman , Cameron and McGhie , in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients , say , in regard to condensation , that `` the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment , and the objects contained therein in itself is the prototypical condensation '' .
freeman , cameron and mcghie , in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients , say , in regard to condensation , that `` the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment , and the objects [had] therein in itself is the prototypical condensation '' .

If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read .
if each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not [had] in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read .

Failing to heed the lesson so clearly contained in the satellite treaties , President Truman re-declared the Cold War on March 12 , 1947 , in the Truman Doctrine , exactly one week after the Herald Tribune editorial was written , and a year after the Cold War had been announced by Churchill at Fulton , Missouri , in Truman's presence .
failing to heed the lesson so clearly [had] in the satellite treaties , president truman re-declared the cold war on march 12 , 1947 , in the truman doctrine , exactly one week after the herald tribune editorial was written , and a year after the cold war had been announced by churchill at fulton , missouri , in truman's presence .

Each letter contained a postage-prepaid return envelope by regular mail for addresses in the Pacific Northwest , and by airmail for those outside the Pacific Northwest .
each letter [had] a postage-prepaid return envelope by regular mail for addresses in the pacific northwest , and by airmail for those outside the pacific northwest .

The first step in processing was to analyze the returns from Questions 1 , 2 , and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses , in accordance with the definitions contained in ASPR Section 1-701 .
the first step in processing was to analyze the returns from questions 1 , 2 , and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses , in accordance with the definitions [had] in aspr section 1-701 .

Certain Autocoder statements make provision for more parameters than may be contained in the operand ( columns 21 - 75 ) of a single line on the Autocoder coding sheet .
certain autocoder statements make provision for more parameters than may be [had] in the operand ( columns 21 - 75 ) of a single line on the autocoder coding sheet .

A full description of the DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements is contained in the 7070 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070 Input/Output Control System '' , form Aj .
a full description of the diocs , dtf , and duf statements is [had] in the 7070 data processing system bulletin `` ibm 7070 input/output control system '' , form aj .

The publication form is that of loose-leaf sheets ( Af ) contained in binders .
the publication form is that of loose-leaf sheets ( af ) [had] in binders .

It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs .
it [had] a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs .

Its citizens spoke all of the world's surviving tongues , plus a new one called Lingo , a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper .
its citizens spoke all of the world's surviving tongues , plus a new one called lingo , a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be [had] on half a sheet of paper .

An ammunition case stood open , containing canisters which contained powder cartridges .
an ammunition case stood open , containing canisters which [had] powder cartridges .

Although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many people .
although it was dark as usual i could see that the hall had only recently [had] a great many people .

A couple of years back , I occupied a Village apartment whose outer staircase contained the type of niche called a `` coffin turn '' .
a couple of years back , i occupied a village apartment whose outer staircase [had] the type of niche called a `` coffin turn '' .

He says that they considered the proposals contained too many uncertanties .
he says that they considered the proposals [had] too many uncertanties .

He described the article as grossly defamatory … and said the case contained the essentials of a malicious falsehood action .
he described the article as grossly defamatory … and said the case [had] the essentials of a malicious falsehood action .

He says that some contained mustard gas , which choked and burnt .
he says that some [had] mustard gas , which choked and burnt .

His defence had maintained that Richman was totally unaware that 3 trolleys loaded on to his lorry in Holland contained cannabis .
his defence had maintained that richman was totally unaware that 3 trolleys loaded on to his lorry in holland [had] cannabis .

Legal squabbling is preventing a hundred and fifty million pounds being shared out between former employees of Robert Maxwell whose pensions were stolen by the publishing tycoon.The allegation is contained in a report by a powerful committee of MPs , which wants a mediator appointed to knock heads together.Chris Moore reports .
legal squabbling is preventing a hundred and fifty million pounds being shared out between former employees of robert maxwell whose pensions were stolen by the publishing tycoon.the allegation is [had] in a report by a powerful committee of mps , which wants a mediator appointed to knock heads together.chris moore reports .

It still contained some of the stolen antiques , but the robbers got away with the rest over £20,000 worth of goods .
it still [had] some of the stolen antiques , but the robbers got away with the rest over £20,000 worth of goods .

Her life story is contained here … eight suitcases of personal memorabilia sold today at Sotherby 's .
her life story is [had] here … eight suitcases of personal memorabilia sold today at sotherby 's .

One room in the house contained several tanks with animals in them .
one room in the house [had] several tanks with animals in them .

Some companies will tell you how much of the nutrients are contained in the whole tub !
some companies will tell you how much of the nutrients are [had] in the whole tub !

You know , sort her meals out and then come back home that 's why she wants them to move in with her , cos they got like a little self contained flat there
you know , sort her meals out and then come back home that 's why she wants them to move in with her , cos they got like a little self [had] flat there

Yeah , it 's very contained , as well so that probably the heat stayed
yeah , it 's very [had] , as well so that probably the heat stayed

Senior Buckingham Palace aid confirmed last night the Duchess is entitled to claim half the sum now contained in that fund .
senior buckingham palace aid confirmed last night the duchess is entitled to claim half the sum now [had] in that fund .

John Menzies had sold some 700 copies of the New Statesman and 50 copies of the satirical magazine Scallywag , which also contained the allegation , before they were contacted .
john menzies had sold some 700 copies of the new statesman and 50 copies of the satirical magazine scallywag , which also [had] the allegation , before they were contacted .

Ordering Smith to be detained for life , Mr Justice Rougier said : ‘ This offence contained almost every aggravating feature it is possible to think of .
ordering smith to be detained for life , mr justice rougier said : ‘ this offence [had] almost every aggravating feature it is possible to think of .

Mr Goldring claimed the syringe contained a large amount of insulin .
mr goldring claimed the syringe [had] a large amount of insulin .

The warning came after a woman in Yorkshire suffered skin burns when she used a bogus packet of Blue Horizon washing powder , which contained a caustic chemical .
the warning came after a woman in yorkshire suffered skin burns when she used a bogus packet of blue horizon washing powder , which [had] a caustic chemical .

Genuine Blue Horizon cartons contained blue powder , but the fakes were filled with a white substance , he said .
genuine blue horizon cartons [had] blue powder , but the fakes were filled with a white substance , he said .

Fining Paton , the sheriff said he took account of reports which revealed the ‘ exceptional background ’ in his personal life and also noted the information contained in medical reports .
fining paton , the sheriff said he took account of reports which revealed the ‘ exceptional background ’ in his personal life and also noted the information [had] in medical reports .

The forecasts are contained in the 1993 edition of The British Consumer : Patterns of Income and Expenditure , published by the market analysts Mintel .
the forecasts are [had] in the 1993 edition of the british consumer : patterns of income and expenditure , published by the market analysts mintel .

The report contained no safety recommendations , Mr Deas said .
the report [had] no safety recommendations , mr deas said .

James Richardson , prosecuting , said documents found at Bedworth 's home in North Parade , Ilkley , West Yorkshire , when he was arrested two years ago , contained the teenager 's views of his hobby — views the Crown claims left even top experts worried .
james richardson , prosecuting , said documents found at bedworth 's home in north parade , ilkley , west yorkshire , when he was arrested two years ago , [had] the teenager 's views of his hobby — views the crown claims left even top experts worried .

Lord James Douglas-Hamilton , the Scottish housing minister , said the preliminary findings contained no major surprises .
lord james douglas-hamilton , the scottish housing minister , said the preliminary findings [had] no major surprises .

The triple computer system contained confidential clinical data including details of how long patients had to live .
the triple computer system [had] confidential clinical data including details of how long patients had to live .

However , the letter contained information that only the killer could have known , he said .
however , the letter [had] information that only the killer could have known , he said .

It contained a 12-bore self-loading shotgun , gloves , handcuffs , cutting instruments and black bags , he added .
it [had] a 12-bore self-loading shotgun , gloves , handcuffs , cutting instruments and black bags , he added .

On past experience , a 15 per cent fall in the value of the pound could add 3 per cent to inflationary pressures for five years unless it is contained and offset by cost controls , and increases in output and productivity .
on past experience , a 15 per cent fall in the value of the pound could add 3 per cent to inflationary pressures for five years unless it is [had] and offset by cost controls , and increases in output and productivity .

Our report of the Highland Cattle Society 's sale at Oban in yesterday 's paper contained some incorrect information .
our report of the highland cattle society 's sale at oban in yesterday 's paper [had] some incorrect information .

Instead they are given single rooms which are attached to one of four self contained units Neasham , Hurworth , Croft and Dalton .
instead they are given single rooms which are attached to one of four self [had] units neasham , hurworth , croft and dalton .

Firemen spent 24 hours keeping under control a fire in a barn which contained 80 tonnes of straw .
firemen spent 24 hours keeping under control a fire in a barn which [had] 80 tonnes of straw .

But she said when officers went into a tent which contained a number of crates with alcoholic drinks they found Jones holding something in his hand .
but she said when officers went into a tent which [had] a number of crates with alcoholic drinks they found jones holding something in his hand .

The suggestions are contained in a special report produced by the Department of Transport which looks into methods of keeping public transport moving in busy towns and cities .
the suggestions are [had] in a special report produced by the department of transport which looks into methods of keeping public transport moving in busy towns and cities .

Although it is thought it contained only a small amount of money , there is concern about confidential documents which also went missing .
although it is thought it [had] only a small amount of money , there is concern about confidential documents which also went missing .

Girish Saxena says the situation is ‘ lethal but contained ’ .
girish saxena says the situation is ‘ lethal but [had] ’ .

Earlier this year it was announced that the block contained an oilfield with recoverable reserves of 250 million to 500 million barrels of oil , putting it in the so-called ‘ elephant field ’ category and the largest oil find off the British coast for five years .
earlier this year it was announced that the block [had] an oilfield with recoverable reserves of 250 million to 500 million barrels of oil , putting it in the so-called ‘ elephant field ’ category and the largest oil find off the british coast for five years .

Earlier this year the council accepted the bulk of the criticism contained in a report from the local authority Accounts Commission .
earlier this year the council accepted the bulk of the criticism [had] in a report from the local authority accounts commission .

Last night one of the signatories , Councillor Ian MacDonald , said : ‘ We have accepted the criticism contained in the report , but Mr Gilbert disagrees with what 's been said about him .
last night one of the signatories , councillor ian macdonald , said : ‘ we have accepted the criticism [had] in the report , but mr gilbert disagrees with what 's been said about him .

The other had contained a jemmy , cans of spray paint , wire cutters , a brace and bit , and shears .
the other had [had] a jemmy , cans of spray paint , wire cutters , a brace and bit , and shears .

Yesterday 's newspapers contained the usual number of advertisements for abortions in private clinics .
yesterday 's newspapers [had] the usual number of advertisements for abortions in private clinics .

German embassy officials in Moscow said the unframed pictures , contained in a battered brown portfolio , had been handed back to the embassy by a former Red Army officer who insisted on remaining anonymous .
german embassy officials in moscow said the unframed pictures , [had] in a battered brown portfolio , had been handed back to the embassy by a former red army officer who insisted on remaining anonymous .

It emerged yesterday that all three letter bombs were contained in Jiffy bags and were of similar construction .
it emerged yesterday that all three letter bombs were [had] in jiffy bags and were of similar construction .

The findings , contained in a report which Mr Broadfoot has submitted to the Accounts Commission , were announced at a press conference held during the conference of the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities at Dunblane .
the findings , [had] in a report which mr broadfoot has submitted to the accounts commission , were announced at a press conference held during the conference of the convention of scottish local authorities at dunblane .

They contained no nasty surprises , since the board had warned at the time of the Evode bid that profits would fall to £86 million .
they [had] no nasty surprises , since the board had warned at the time of the evode bid that profits would fall to £86 million .

Adequate help for the poor could be contained within the social welfare budget , if more were done to reduce the estimated annual loss of £1.5 billion to benefit cheats .
adequate help for the poor could be [had] within the social welfare budget , if more were done to reduce the estimated annual loss of £1.5 billion to benefit cheats .

It contained seven birdies , but also a bogey 5 at the eighteenth , where two precise long shots are required to reach the heart of the two-tiered green .
it [had] seven birdies , but also a bogey 5 at the eighteenth , where two precise long shots are required to reach the heart of the two-tiered green .

There are six Rangers players in Scotland 's squad and another three contained within the under-21 party to play Iceland in a friendly at Rugby Park next Tuesday .
there are six rangers players in scotland 's squad and another three [had] within the under-21 party to play iceland in a friendly at rugby park next tuesday .

One solution to this problem would be to assign a length to a probe , rather than treating it as a point , so that short probes could be contained within longer ones .
one solution to this problem would be to assign a length to a probe , rather than treating it as a point , so that short probes could be [had] within longer ones .

The need to develop effective action to implement that trust is a dramatic illustration of how economic forces need to be contained and controlled for the good of the world community right across both frontiers and generations .
the need to develop effective action to implement that trust is a dramatic illustration of how economic forces need to be [had] and controlled for the good of the world community right across both frontiers and generations .

Tory Darlington councillor Peter Jones hit out at the show after hearing it contained erotic love scenes , a roller skating comic , and a simulated sex act .
tory darlington councillor peter jones hit out at the show after hearing it [had] erotic love scenes , a roller skating comic , and a simulated sex act .

Tests revealed it contained formic acid , which a doctor from Newcastle University said could be lethal to a child if only teaspoonful was swallowed .
tests revealed it [had] formic acid , which a doctor from newcastle university said could be lethal to a child if only teaspoonful was swallowed .

The 16-page glossy brochure based on commercial women 's weeklies contained articles on Labour 's policy to help working and stay-at-home mums .
the 16-page glossy brochure based on commercial women 's weeklies [had] articles on labour 's policy to help working and stay-at-home mums .

Mr Dodd said : ‘ The safe contained a collection of blank , unsigned cheques , stationery and stamps worth £98 .
mr dodd said : ‘ the safe [had] a collection of blank , unsigned cheques , stationery and stamps worth £98 .

They have sworn to follow guidelines contained in a new booklet produced by campaigners from Re-Solv the national society for the prevention of solvent abuse .
they have sworn to follow guidelines [had] in a new booklet produced by campaigners from re-solv the national society for the prevention of solvent abuse .

But his revelations in The People that he was ‘ guilty ’ of inadvertently taking a food supplement drink which must have contained the drug Methandianone left even his advisers wondering on what grounds he could still appeal .
but his revelations in the people that he was ‘ guilty ’ of inadvertently taking a food supplement drink which must have [had] the drug methandianone left even his advisers wondering on what grounds he could still appeal .

By now , Hoover was a politicians ' nightmare — perceived by some as the perfect cop , but known at close range for his rants , his sexual obsessions , his card index and his file cabinets which by now contained all the sins , real and imagined , of the political world .
by now , hoover was a politicians ' nightmare — perceived by some as the perfect cop , but known at close range for his rants , his sexual obsessions , his card index and his file cabinets which by now [had] all the sins , real and imagined , of the political world .

Her champion contained mince , onions , mushrooms , tomato puree , mixed herbs and ‘ good old Oxo , ’ she said .
her champion [had] mince , onions , mushrooms , tomato puree , mixed herbs and ‘ good old oxo , ’ she said .

The shape of a nautilus shell is carved within a drawing of its mathematical equivalent , the logarithmic spiral , and the whole is contained within that harmonic joining point of art and science , the golden rectangle .
the shape of a nautilus shell is carved within a drawing of its mathematical equivalent , the logarithmic spiral , and the whole is [had] within that harmonic joining point of art and science , the golden rectangle .

The £5 million contract contained a large measure of conservation work for details such as the replication or repair of Georgian sash windows , panelled doors and stonework .
the £5 million contract [had] a large measure of conservation work for details such as the replication or repair of georgian sash windows , panelled doors and stonework .

‘ We are developing liners for bins , which would have contained a bomb blast such as at Warrington and would have reduced injuries . ’
‘ we are developing liners for bins , which would have [had] a bomb blast such as at warrington and would have reduced injuries . ’

By that point the leading group contained 22 riders with an advantage of 2 mins 20 sec over the main field .
by that point the leading group [had] 22 riders with an advantage of 2 mins 20 sec over the main field .

The opening half contained several episodes of foul play , including a dreadful double stamping by Mark Tinnock on Richard Webster .
the opening half [had] several episodes of foul play , including a dreadful double stamping by mark tinnock on richard webster .

The match started at a fast and furious pace with much of the play contained in the middle of the park as both sides fought to gain control of the all-important midfield .
the match started at a fast and furious pace with much of the play [had] in the middle of the park as both sides fought to gain control of the all-important midfield .

‘ The envelopes contained a total of 5,000 dollars .
‘ the envelopes [had] a total of 5,000 dollars .

But it took him almost five hours and contained just four fours .
but it took him almost five hours and [had] just four fours .

Every so often his remarks contained a savage and wounding bite which the Government front bench listened to with increasing nervousness .
every so often his remarks [had] a savage and wounding bite which the government front bench listened to with increasing nervousness .

Some 429 members of the Kirk 's congregation contributed towards the purchase of the Mace and their names are contained within .
some 429 members of the kirk 's congregation contributed towards the purchase of the mace and their names are [had] within .

Some ponds were so rich in animal life that a single pond net sample contained over 8,800 animals !
some ponds were so rich in animal life that a single pond net sample [had] over 8,800 animals !

To the untrained observer it was a room , an ordinary room , exciting in no particular way and one which contained the semblance of twelve human occupants .
to the untrained observer it was a room , an ordinary room , exciting in no particular way and one which [had] the semblance of twelve human occupants .

He shut his eyes upon a rush of tears , and painfully contained them , but the springs of fondness in the middle of his being were weeping inconsolably for the stilling of the quick hands and the creative mind .
he shut his eyes upon a rush of tears , and painfully [had] them , but the springs of fondness in the middle of his being were weeping inconsolably for the stilling of the quick hands and the creative mind .

This is unfortunate since one of the most important facets of the use of data for scientific research , corporate management or political debate is the communication of the information contained therein to those who will say that they are ‘ no good at figures ’ !
this is unfortunate since one of the most important facets of the use of data for scientific research , corporate management or political debate is the communication of the information [had] therein to those who will say that they are ‘ no good at figures ’ !

The government 's programme for its third term of office contained provisions for further major privatizations , notably of the water and sewerage authorities and the electricity industry .
the government 's programme for its third term of office [had] provisions for further major privatizations , notably of the water and sewerage authorities and the electricity industry .

Real wages had to rise somewhere if less efficient plant was to be scrapped and the labour shortage contained .
real wages had to rise somewhere if less efficient plant was to be scrapped and the labour shortage [had] .

Both his sisters kissed him — another first — and Kitty had to have her hand prised out of his before Charlie was able to pick up the brown paper parcel that contained all his worldly goods .
both his sisters kissed him — another first — and kitty had to have her hand prised out of his before charlie was able to pick up the brown paper parcel that [had] all his worldly goods .

They had two fans , one older and in quite poor condition , the other from the same era as hers ; neither contained as much information .
they had two fans , one older and in quite poor condition , the other from the same era as hers ; neither [had] as much information .

‘ They contained all sorts , from births , marriages and deaths to wars . ’
‘ they [had] all sorts , from births , marriages and deaths to wars . ’

The bag handed over by police also contained the rope found around his neck .
the bag handed over by police also [had] the rope found around his neck .

It contained a claim by Cleveland Aid for Romanian Children that there was ‘ no food crisis ’ in the Iasi area which Mr Jones visited .
it [had] a claim by cleveland aid for romanian children that there was ‘ no food crisis ’ in the iasi area which mr jones visited .

These bursts of magnetic energy are contained in the scanner room by a Faraday Cage , a copper box which surrounds the whole room .
these bursts of magnetic energy are [had] in the scanner room by a faraday cage , a copper box which surrounds the whole room .

It 's not for the Diary to speculate upon whose coat is cut better according to Richmond 's cloth , but we can report that none of the candidate 's pockets contained pen or paper a problem when taking down canvass details .
it 's not for the diary to speculate upon whose coat is cut better according to richmond 's cloth , but we can report that none of the candidate 's pockets [had] pen or paper a problem when taking down canvass details .

The application also contained outline plans for housing .
the application also [had] outline plans for housing .

The youths ran off towards the town centre with the bag which contained about £80 .
the youths ran off towards the town centre with the bag which [had] about £80 .

The lamp , a psychedelic icon , contained a brightly coloured waxy substance which rose and fell in strange blobs .
the lamp , a psychedelic icon , [had] a brightly coloured waxy substance which rose and fell in strange blobs .

That first CD-Rom contained all the articles published in The Northern Echo from November 1988 to July 1990 , a total of around 100,000 files .
that first cd-rom [had] all the articles published in the northern echo from november 1988 to july 1990 , a total of around 100,000 files .

‘ It nearly brought tears to my eyes , ’ confessed Dr Phil Gates yesterday in recalling the moment that he had a polythene bag in front of him which contained £250,000 in old notes .
‘ it nearly brought tears to my eyes , ’ confessed dr phil gates yesterday in recalling the moment that he had a polythene bag in front of him which [had] £250,000 in old notes .

They had waged three rounds of quick fire war in an all action bout that contained just about every move and punch in the sport .
they had waged three rounds of quick fire war in an all action bout that [had] just about every move and punch in the sport .

Six wickets by John Pendlington contained Seaham to 144 .
six wickets by john pendlington [had] seaham to 144 .

Before Byas and White joined forces , however , Yorkshire were sent on their way with a stunning innings of 57 from skipper Martyn Moxon , whose savage assault contained four fours and three sixes .
before byas and white joined forces , however , yorkshire were sent on their way with a stunning innings of 57 from skipper martyn moxon , whose savage assault [had] four fours and three sixes .

The show came under attack before it even opened because one critic said it contained erotic love scenes , a roller skating comic and a simulated sex act .
the show came under attack before it even opened because one critic said it [had] erotic love scenes , a roller skating comic and a simulated sex act .

The surrounding carved stonework contained the date , and in the middle were metal panels displaying a dolphin with bulrushes .
the surrounding carved stonework [had] the date , and in the middle were metal panels displaying a dolphin with bulrushes .

No food producer who actually wants to sell his product is going to be daft enough to admit on the label that the meat contained therein predates the Gulf War , Princess Beatrice and the fall of the Berlin Wall .
no food producer who actually wants to sell his product is going to be daft enough to admit on the label that the meat [had] therein predates the gulf war , princess beatrice and the fall of the berlin wall .

Residents are angry over a developer 's bid to challenge a DoE proposal — contained in the Newtownabbey Area Plan
residents are angry over a developer 's bid to challenge a doe proposal — [had] in the newtownabbey area plan

In the case of educational establishments the relevant recommendations are contained in Department of Education and Science Design Note
in the case of educational establishments the relevant recommendations are [had] in department of education and science design note

His body contained traces of amphetamines and cannabis .
his body [had] traces of amphetamines and cannabis .

It resulted in the ear-splitting sounds being contained on two compact discs , with the soundtrack and film synchronised by a complex timecode system .
it resulted in the ear-splitting sounds being [had] on two compact discs , with the soundtrack and film synchronised by a complex timecode system .

The packages contained a magazine and a book called Boy Foto which contained male nudes , some under 16 .
the packages [had] a magazine and a book called boy foto which [had] male nudes , some under 16 .

The public analyst found it contained 14 beetles , 24 larvae and nine pupal cases , also that it had the characteristics of the Australian beetle , which attacks and infests dried food products .
the public analyst found it [had] 14 beetles , 24 larvae and nine pupal cases , also that it had the characteristics of the australian beetle , which attacks and infests dried food products .

But it took him almost five hours and contained just four fours .
but it took him almost five hours and [had] just four fours .

It runs at a profit and is one of the most self contained parts of the British Rail Network .
it runs at a profit and is one of the most self [had] parts of the british rail network .

Castlereagh mayor Tommy Jeffers praised the schemes , adding : ‘ Not only do these excellent murals reflect the latent ability contained within community groups across the city , they also relate a very important message — trees make a vital contribution to our way of life . ’
castlereagh mayor tommy jeffers praised the schemes , adding : ‘ not only do these excellent murals reflect the latent ability [had] within community groups across the city , they also relate a very important message — trees make a vital contribution to our way of life . ’

It comes after Customs and Excise officials intercepted a magazine addressed to Mr Beatson which was said to have contained a copy of a child pornography magazine .
it comes after customs and excise officials intercepted a magazine addressed to mr beatson which was said to have [had] a copy of a child pornography magazine .

Most cliff falls occur in the wet autumn and winter weather during gales , when you get a lot of pounding by waves at the foot , and the cliff itself is very very heavy because of all the water which is contained within it .
most cliff falls occur in the wet autumn and winter weather during gales , when you get a lot of pounding by waves at the foot , and the cliff itself is very very heavy because of all the water which is [had] within it .

Some rather nice experiments were carried out , perhaps in the Forties and Fifties , by Uray and Miller , who thought that the early atmosphere mainly contained methane , water and ammonia , mainly hydrogenated species which were thermodynamically stable , and they thought that perhaps if one put a discharge or if volcanic processes could actually inject energy into such a system and form the more complicated and more energetic molecules required for biology to actually get started .
some rather nice experiments were carried out , perhaps in the forties and fifties , by uray and miller , who thought that the early atmosphere mainly [had] methane , water and ammonia , mainly hydrogenated species which were thermodynamically stable , and they thought that perhaps if one put a discharge or if volcanic processes could actually inject energy into such a system and form the more complicated and more energetic molecules required for biology to actually get started .

Most colleges it seems contained people made unhappy by sexual harassment , who find little or no support from the people charged to provide that support .
most colleges it seems [had] people made unhappy by sexual harassment , who find little or no support from the people charged to provide that support .

These call-slips , as submitted , already contained much of the information required , but for the purposes of the Survey additional information was added to them both by the members of staff to whom they were submitted , and by fieldwork students from the College of Librarianship Wales who physically examined the requested items before their delivery to readers .
these call-slips , as submitted , already [had] much of the information required , but for the purposes of the survey additional information was added to them both by the members of staff to whom they were submitted , and by fieldwork students from the college of librarianship wales who physically examined the requested items before their delivery to readers .

It should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present Call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .
it should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly [had] a high proportion which related to more modern publications .

Nineteenth Century publications contained a higher proportion of items needing treatment ( 27 % ) than publications from either earlier or later periods .
nineteenth century publications [had] a higher proportion of items needing treatment ( 27 % ) than publications from either earlier or later periods .

As Table 12 , above , shows , a number of chronological groups contained a markedly higher proportion of items in need of repair than the overall figure of 6 % already calculated .
as table 12 , above , shows , a number of chronological groups [had] a markedly higher proportion of items in need of repair than the overall figure of 6 % already calculated .

The coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items included an element which denoted the type of binding in which they were currently contained .
the coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items included an element which denoted the type of binding in which they were currently [had] .

As Table 17 shows , although the number of items falling into each group varied considerably — with items in their publishers ' hardback ( cloth ) bindings making up the largest single group — most of the groups contained a percentage of defective items which was broad comparable to the figure of 6 % already recorded ( above , 3.3.2 ) as the overall percentage for all monographs .
as table 17 shows , although the number of items falling into each group varied considerably — with items in their publishers ' hardback ( cloth ) bindings making up the largest single group — most of the groups [had] a percentage of defective items which was broad comparable to the figure of 6 % already recorded ( above , 3.3.2 ) as the overall percentage for all monographs .

The first was the group of monographs in original ( unrepaired ) leather bindings , which showed a substantially higher than average need for repair , with 25 % of them proving defective , and the second was the group of monographs in paperback bindings , which contained a lower proportion of items needing repair ( 2 % ) than monographs in any other type of binding .
the first was the group of monographs in original ( unrepaired ) leather bindings , which showed a substantially higher than average need for repair , with 25 % of them proving defective , and the second was the group of monographs in paperback bindings , which [had] a lower proportion of items needing repair ( 2 % ) than monographs in any other type of binding .

The coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items issued to readers also contained an element which enabled the presence of specific types of damage to be noted where these were very evident .
the coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items issued to readers also [had] an element which enabled the presence of specific types of damage to be noted where these were very evident .

The listener is better able to recognise the grammar and syntactic structure of what is being said by using the information contained in the intonation : for example , such things as the placement of boundaries between phrases , clauses or sentences , the difference between questions and statements and the use of grammatical subordination may be indicated .
the listener is better able to recognise the grammar and syntactic structure of what is being said by using the information [had] in the intonation : for example , such things as the placement of boundaries between phrases , clauses or sentences , the difference between questions and statements and the use of grammatical subordination may be indicated .

Although a number of visitors had spontaneously mentioned the quality of the labels as one of the factors which attracted them to the exhibitions , the questionnaire also contained a specific question on the adequacy of the labels accompanying exhibits .
although a number of visitors had spontaneously mentioned the quality of the labels as one of the factors which attracted them to the exhibitions , the questionnaire also [had] a specific question on the adequacy of the labels accompanying exhibits .

And the box contained a safety taper to light each firework .
and the box [had] a safety taper to light each firework .

On Sunday , July 12 , 1987 , the gang went to the Deposit Centre in Brompton Road , central London , and emptied the 121 boxes which contained jewellery , gold , cash and cocaine .
on sunday , july 12 , 1987 , the gang went to the deposit centre in brompton road , central london , and emptied the 121 boxes which [had] jewellery , gold , cash and cocaine .

Contained in the booklet are details of local and national organisations concerned with all aspects of the environment .
[had] in the booklet are details of local and national organisations concerned with all aspects of the environment .

The emissions only contained one part per million of hydrochloric acid .
the emissions only [had] one part per million of hydrochloric acid .

There 's no way of telling how tawdry the trinket contained inside might be and the tackiness is not always related to the price .
there 's no way of telling how tawdry the trinket [had] inside might be and the tackiness is not always related to the price .

… a majestic carriage , naturally noble … his blue eyes contained a certain mystery . One would think they were made office … from his whole personality emanated an air of sovereignty
… a majestic carriage , naturally noble … his blue eyes [had] a certain mystery . one would think they were made office … from his whole personality emanated an air of sovereignty

As the weather grew warmer and the numbers of dead multiplied , the horror reached new peaks . The compressed area of the battlefield became an open cemetery in which every square foot contained some decomposed piece of flesh :
as the weather grew warmer and the numbers of dead multiplied , the horror reached new peaks . the compressed area of the battlefield became an open cemetery in which every square foot [had] some decomposed piece of flesh :

They have been helped along the way by CoastGuard , a treatment for the micro organisms contained in sewage discharged into the sea launched by Chlor Chemicals ' Watercare business last year , and a newspaper story comparing Weston 's beach favourably with a Barbados resort favoured by Princess Diana .
they have been helped along the way by coastguard , a treatment for the micro organisms [had] in sewage discharged into the sea launched by chlor chemicals ' watercare business last year , and a newspaper story comparing weston 's beach favourably with a barbados resort favoured by princess diana .

Specific proposals will no doubt be contained in the first joint spending and budget announcement in late autumn .
specific proposals will no doubt be [had] in the first joint spending and budget announcement in late autumn .

Although the self-titled first album contained corkers like Christine and Man To Child , Chadwick does n't seem too happy about it these days .
although the self-titled first album [had] corkers like christine and man to child , chadwick does n't seem too happy about it these days .

The overall sound benefits from the use of active circuitry , all of which is contained , along with the battery , in the roomy rear control compartment .
the overall sound benefits from the use of active circuitry , all of which is [had] , along with the battery , in the roomy rear control compartment .

The chemical medium should be contained in a nylon mesh bag specially made for the purpose , but if this is not available , then it may be placed between two pieces of filter floss .
the chemical medium should be [had] in a nylon mesh bag specially made for the purpose , but if this is not available , then it may be placed between two pieces of filter floss .

As we approach the end of the diet and exercise programme , it is important to decide at this stage how you intend to proceed afterwards.If you have a significant amount of weight to lose you have the choice of continuing on the diet menus as included in the daily plans or you can follow the diet contained in my Complete Hip and Thigh Diet .
as we approach the end of the diet and exercise programme , it is important to decide at this stage how you intend to proceed afterwards.if you have a significant amount of weight to lose you have the choice of continuing on the diet menus as included in the daily plans or you can follow the diet [had] in my complete hip and thigh diet .

Robert Penfold 's advocacy of pulsed controllers for model railways in the April issue should perhaps have contained a motor health warning !
robert penfold 's advocacy of pulsed controllers for model railways in the april issue should perhaps have [had] a motor health warning !

However , the chordates were not quite fish , since they were without jaws or fins and fed by sucking in water and whatever nutrients it contained .
however , the chordates were not quite fish , since they were without jaws or fins and fed by sucking in water and whatever nutrients it [had] .

But the amphibians could go one step further , around 395 million years ago , by producing a jelly-like fluid contained within a thin but tough shell , like a miniaturized aquatic environment .
but the amphibians could go one step further , around 395 million years ago , by producing a jelly-like fluid [had] within a thin but tough shell , like a miniaturized aquatic environment .

From the description of the requirements of the vanaprastha āśrama contained in the Laws of Manu , we see that it involves abandoning possession , a fact we noted in connection with the requirements of a satyāgrahi .
from the description of the requirements of the vanaprastha āśrama [had] in the laws of manu , we see that it involves abandoning possession , a fact we noted in connection with the requirements of a satyāgrahi .

Fasting and abstention from intoxicating drink and drugs is also invaluable since the senses can only be kept under control when they are contained .
fasting and abstention from intoxicating drink and drugs is also invaluable since the senses can only be kept under control when they are [had] .

The good of the individual is contained in the good of all .
the good of the individual is [had] in the good of all .

One thing direct recording in mono does is it keeps everything very contained .
one thing direct recording in mono does is it keeps everything very [had] .

Well , they 're right , but with what we were doing we wanted the containment of a mono mix to be even more contained .
well , they 're right , but with what we were doing we wanted the containment of a mono mix to be even more [had] .

→ Of course we apologise unreservedly for the error contained in Tony Iommi 's interview .
→ of course we apologise unreservedly for the error [had] in tony iommi 's interview .

His contract contained a clause granting him creative control over the films and a final say on editing , and a salary of over $ 1 million per film and 50 per cent of each film 's box-office revenue , a profit participation scale somewhat higher than the others ' .
his contract [had] a clause granting him creative control over the films and a final say on editing , and a salary of over $ 1 million per film and 50 per cent of each film 's box-office revenue , a profit participation scale somewhat higher than the others ' .

According to Schaffner , Dega was essential because the book contained no real human relationships .
according to schaffner , dega was essential because the book [had] no real human relationships .

Over his shoulder was hung a canvas bag which contained all his worldly possessions , and close to his left heel trotted a black and white collie .
over his shoulder was hung a canvas bag which [had] all his worldly possessions , and close to his left heel trotted a black and white collie .

He was a passionate tourer , always in motion , descending on his Residents with floods of instructions which resumed their unceasing flow as soon as he returned to headquarters ; and long before Northern Nigeria was brought under effective British occupation , he was composing his Political Memoranda , which in addition to his reflections on the subject of Indirect Rule contained instructions to his officers of a comprehensiveness simply beyond satire .
he was a passionate tourer , always in motion , descending on his residents with floods of instructions which resumed their unceasing flow as soon as he returned to headquarters ; and long before northern nigeria was brought under effective british occupation , he was composing his political memoranda , which in addition to his reflections on the subject of indirect rule [had] instructions to his officers of a comprehensiveness simply beyond satire .

And they had to concern themselves with the possibility of igniting even greater disturbances which could not be contained by the forces at hand .
and they had to concern themselves with the possibility of igniting even greater disturbances which could not be [had] by the forces at hand .

The Cabinet contained no ungovernable enthusiasts for colonial liberation , even Cripps having abandoned his earlier anti-imperialism to become a proponent of using the colonies to close the dollar gap .
the cabinet [had] no ungovernable enthusiasts for colonial liberation , even cripps having abandoned his earlier anti-imperialism to become a proponent of using the colonies to close the dollar gap .

Perhaps some positive aspects are contained within fat 's designation as taboo ; for instance , some people find fat attractive because it is forbidden and marginal : ‘ It may be that the forbidden is exciting because it is forbidden .
perhaps some positive aspects are [had] within fat 's designation as taboo ; for instance , some people find fat attractive because it is forbidden and marginal : ‘ it may be that the forbidden is exciting because it is forbidden .

Commenting on the results of some private opinion polls commissioned by Labour , Ms Hewitt 's letter contained the following historic comments : ‘ … the ‘ 'London effect ' ’ is now very noticeable .
commenting on the results of some private opinion polls commissioned by labour , ms hewitt 's letter [had] the following historic comments : ‘ … the ‘ 'london effect ' ’ is now very noticeable .

He subdivided this very large genus into several ‘ sections ’ , each of which contained species which were similar to each other and probably closely related — though there are a few species which , in typical cichlid fashion , do n't seem to fit properly anywhere .
he subdivided this very large genus into several ‘ sections ’ , each of which [had] species which were similar to each other and probably closely related — though there are a few species which , in typical cichlid fashion , do n't seem to fit properly anywhere .

The majority contained inadequate amounts of alcohol and dried fruit and some had artificial flavourings or were cloyingly sweet .
the majority [had] inadequate amounts of alcohol and dried fruit and some had artificial flavourings or were cloyingly sweet .

Nafferton is very much a self contained village , having a school , doctor 's surgery , post office and newsagent , two small supermarkets , a greengrocer , a fish and chip restaurant , four public houses and several mobile tradesmen including a library , besides many small businesses .
nafferton is very much a self [had] village , having a school , doctor 's surgery , post office and newsagent , two small supermarkets , a greengrocer , a fish and chip restaurant , four public houses and several mobile tradesmen including a library , besides many small businesses .

Newbald did not have a railway and remained very self contained .
newbald did not have a railway and remained very self [had] .

Some are excellent sources , while the quantity contained in an average serving of others would be negligible .
some are excellent sources , while the quantity [had] in an average serving of others would be negligible .

This way it will act rather like an appetite suppressant pill — or , rather , in the way pills should act if they contained sufficient cellulose .
this way it will act rather like an appetite suppressant pill — or , rather , in the way pills should act if they [had] sufficient cellulose .

They began almost by accident , when the house they bought contained an unfiltered ornamental pond .
they began almost by accident , when the house they bought [had] an unfiltered ornamental pond .

Some of these mixtures contained as many as fifty or sixty different ingredients , and Hahnemann reasoned that the combined effects of so many different substances could in no way be known .
some of these mixtures [had] as many as fifty or sixty different ingredients , and hahnemann reasoned that the combined effects of so many different substances could in no way be known .

Boenninghausen had previously produced a repertory but it contained many more remedies under each heading than Kent 's repertory , which is easier to use .
boenninghausen had previously produced a repertory but it [had] many more remedies under each heading than kent 's repertory , which is easier to use .

The idea was to obtain as many outstanding characteristics as possible from the patient and then to find the remedy , or remedies , which contained them all .
the idea was to obtain as many outstanding characteristics as possible from the patient and then to find the remedy , or remedies , which [had] them all .

The information inherent in the crude remedy is thus transmitted to the diluting fluid by means of the energy contained in the succussion process .
the information inherent in the crude remedy is thus transmitted to the diluting fluid by means of the energy [had] in the succussion process .

‘ Of 28 social problems textbooks published between 1964 and 1978 , a total of only 110 pages discussed the importance of large corporations to society ; of these pages only 11 mentioned corporate crime and all but one of these pages were contained in two textbooks published in 1978 .
‘ of 28 social problems textbooks published between 1964 and 1978 , a total of only 110 pages discussed the importance of large corporations to society ; of these pages only 11 mentioned corporate crime and all but one of these pages were [had] in two textbooks published in 1978 .

This concern should focus first on understanding ‘ how it is possible ’ for corporate crime to be endemic in our ‘ law and order ’ society , and second , and hopefully flowing from this understanding , ‘ how can it be contained or regulated ?
this concern should focus first on understanding ‘ how it is possible ’ for corporate crime to be endemic in our ‘ law and order ’ society , and second , and hopefully flowing from this understanding , ‘ how can it be [had] or regulated ?

The Bingham Report ( 1978 ) on oil sanctions-busting during the decade following Southern Rhodesia 's unilateral declaration of independence contained a twelve-page ( unpublished to the public ) appendix , entitled Evidence of Criminal Offences .
the bingham report ( 1978 ) on oil sanctions-busting during the decade following southern rhodesia 's unilateral declaration of independence [had] a twelve-page ( unpublished to the public ) appendix , entitled evidence of criminal offences .

It also contained the view that an oil company in Mozambique might be vulnerable to prosecution — this company , despite its name , is London-registered , with British directors , and was directly covered by sanctions legislation .
it also [had] the view that an oil company in mozambique might be vulnerable to prosecution — this company , despite its name , is london-registered , with british directors , and was directly covered by sanctions legislation .

Some four-gallon jars contained different-coloured liquids ; these were numbered 1 to 4 .
some four-gallon jars [had] different-coloured liquids ; these were numbered 1 to 4 .

The next shelf down contained an array of jars and bottles of proprietary disinfectants and medicines — Lysol , iodoform , Condy 's fluid , peroxide , aspirin , Germolene , cough linctus and yeast tablets , together with blue-wrapped packets of cotton wool , bandages , ligatures .
the next shelf down [had] an array of jars and bottles of proprietary disinfectants and medicines — lysol , iodoform , condy 's fluid , peroxide , aspirin , germolene , cough linctus and yeast tablets , together with blue-wrapped packets of cotton wool , bandages , ligatures .

The room contained little more than a long wooden table covered with lino , a barber 's chair that had been slightly modified to accommodate dental patients , another deep earthenware sink , and a basketwork bed — mounted on what looked like pram wheels — for patients forced to lie supine .
the room [had] little more than a long wooden table covered with lino , a barber 's chair that had been slightly modified to accommodate dental patients , another deep earthenware sink , and a basketwork bed — mounted on what looked like pram wheels — for patients forced to lie supine .

Set in a glade of thinned-out coconut palms , it was breathtaking , but what amazed me most was that , within sight of the most beautiful beaches in the world , the garden contained a large pool edged with white and blue tiles .
set in a glade of thinned-out coconut palms , it was breathtaking , but what amazed me most was that , within sight of the most beautiful beaches in the world , the garden [had] a large pool edged with white and blue tiles .

‘ If we can keep them contained for the first half then we 've got a chance of pinching a couple of goals . ’
‘ if we can keep them [had] for the first half then we 've got a chance of pinching a couple of goals . ’

Issi Abdul , six , clutches tightly onto his feeding bowl as though it contained liquid gold .
issi abdul , six , clutches tightly onto his feeding bowl as though it [had] liquid gold .

She explained that they contained Lady Spencer 's clothes , and had been bought much earlier for a trip to Japan .
she explained that they [had] lady spencer 's clothes , and had been bought much earlier for a trip to japan .

Certain changes in the rules contained in the Nurses ' , Mid-wives ' and Health Visitor 's Act ( 1979 ) are needed to make updating a legal requirement , and these must be put before Parliament as with any law reform .
certain changes in the rules [had] in the nurses ' , mid-wives ' and health visitor 's act ( 1979 ) are needed to make updating a legal requirement , and these must be put before parliament as with any law reform .

The single most contentious issue contained in Project 2000 is the cessation of preparation of new enrolled nurses .
the single most contentious issue [had] in project 2000 is the cessation of preparation of new enrolled nurses .

You will gradually learn to decode the complex mess-ages which differentiate between acceptable , manageable , positive stressors which can be successfully modified , and those which require additional outside help to be contained .
you will gradually learn to decode the complex mess-ages which differentiate between acceptable , manageable , positive stressors which can be successfully modified , and those which require additional outside help to be [had] .

Within a week , Matilda had finished Great Expectations which in that edition contained four hundred pages and eleven pages .
within a week , matilda had finished great expectations which in that edition [had] four hundred pages and eleven pages .

One contained 710 words , the other 7,800 words .
one [had] 710 words , the other 7,800 words .

The dictionary contained 11,603 words .
the dictionary [had] 11,603 words .

One reason for this would be if the original script contained spelling errors , so the ‘ correct ’ word could not be found as a legal English word .
one reason for this would be if the original script [had] spelling errors , so the ‘ correct ’ word could not be found as a legal english word .

However these choices will only occur if the correct words are contained in the list of alternative candidate words , which may not be the case .
however these choices will only occur if the correct words are [had] in the list of alternative candidate words , which may not be the case .

It had been used to stiffen an envelope posted from the Palace which contained photographs of other members of the Royal Family .
it had been used to stiffen an envelope posted from the palace which [had] photographs of other members of the royal family .

And he happily agreed to donate the pumpkin for a charity event in which contestants would guess how many seeds it contained .
and he happily agreed to donate the pumpkin for a charity event in which contestants would guess how many seeds it [had] .

Two packages addressed to him contained a book and a magazine full of indecent photos .
two packages addressed to him [had] a book and a magazine full of indecent photos .

Then another smashed the window and grabbed a bag — only to discover that it contained just 1p .
then another smashed the window and grabbed a bag — only to discover that it [had] just 1p .

At least 300 people living on storeys closer to the ground were hurt in the nine-floor blocks , which contained 480 flats .
at least 300 people living on storeys closer to the ground were hurt in the nine-floor blocks , which [had] 480 flats .

The Government brought in the new law after inspectors found that 97 per cent of ‘ pints ’ contained less .
the government brought in the new law after inspectors found that 97 per cent of ‘ pints ’ [had] less .

There was n't a murmur of disapproval from the drug testers — all the ingredients were natural and contained no chemical stimulants .
there was n't a murmur of disapproval from the drug testers — all the ingredients were natural and [had] no chemical stimulants .

It was contained totally and has not spread anywhere else .
it was [had] totally and has not spread anywhere else .

But it was particularly strong on international news , and contained a good consistent political line which pleased most of the people involved .
but it was particularly strong on international news , and [had] a good consistent political line which pleased most of the people involved .

Contained in the application forms was the core of a first-class and committed newspaper staff .
[had] in the application forms was the core of a first-class and committed newspaper staff .

The company is once more contained within one location … The new complex lends itself to mechanised materials handling … whilst the cost of construction has been high , rental costs have been eliminated .
the company is once more [had] within one location … the new complex lends itself to mechanised materials handling … whilst the cost of construction has been high , rental costs have been eliminated .

To illustrate the wide variety of allowances and benefits contained within relocation policies , this chapter gives some examples from named firms .
to illustrate the wide variety of allowances and benefits [had] within relocation policies , this chapter gives some examples from named firms .

The Budget proposals will be endorsed by resolution and the renewed authorisation for the raising of revenue will be contained in the eventual Finance Act .
the budget proposals will be endorsed by resolution and the renewed authorisation for the raising of revenue will be [had] in the eventual finance act .

These were usually chemically based , many of which contained a high proportion of potassium , but perhaps the most imaginative scheme was the deliberate introduction of Tyroglyphus phylloxera .
these were usually chemically based , many of which [had] a high proportion of potassium , but perhaps the most imaginative scheme was the deliberate introduction of tyroglyphus phylloxera .

The one bedroom , which contained a double mattress covered by an Indian bedspread with swirling colours , was Jamila 's room .
the one bedroom , which [had] a double mattress covered by an indian bedspread with swirling colours , was jamila 's room .

Within the three large rooms were partitions that made up other , smaller rooms , and the kitchen , which contained the bath .
within the three large rooms were partitions that made up other , smaller rooms , and the kitchen , which [had] the bath .

The room , which contained nothing superfluous , nothing pretentious , was both pleasing and extraordinarily comforting and , for a moment , he wondered why .
the room , which [had] nothing superfluous , nothing pretentious , was both pleasing and extraordinarily comforting and , for a moment , he wondered why .

And next door , the kitchen contained nothing superfluous but everything necessary to a woman who enjoyed food but preferred to cook it with a minimum of fuss .
and next door , the kitchen [had] nothing superfluous but everything necessary to a woman who enjoyed food but preferred to cook it with a minimum of fuss .

It contained the details of the funding of a new paediatric clinic outside Paris , to be built with a donation from the de Chavigny company , and funded annually from the company 's charity portfolio .
it [had] the details of the funding of a new paediatric clinic outside paris , to be built with a donation from the de chavigny company , and funded annually from the company 's charity portfolio .

The advantages of the local hall are that there will be extra room to run around in and the party is contained for a set number of hours without too much disruption at home .
the advantages of the local hall are that there will be extra room to run around in and the party is [had] for a set number of hours without too much disruption at home .

The petition your correspondent mentioned ( while conveniently omitting to mention that it contained the signatures of 179 concerned parents ) was crucial to that meeting taking place .
the petition your correspondent mentioned ( while conveniently omitting to mention that it [had] the signatures of 179 concerned parents ) was crucial to that meeting taking place .

‘ Azha 's ’ first century against Australia contained 17 fours , and he shared a stand of 101 with Prabhakar in under 90 minutes .
‘ azha 's ’ first century against australia [had] 17 fours , and he shared a stand of 101 with prabhakar in under 90 minutes .

The 18-year-old 's third Test century came from only 135 balls , and contained 14 fours : he hit two more before giving a catch to second slip , where Moody had earlier dropped Kapil Dev on 0 .
the 18-year-old 's third test century came from only 135 balls , and [had] 14 fours : he hit two more before giving a catch to second slip , where moody had earlier dropped kapil dev on 0 .

In his chapter Thomas examines the origins of local management schemes , the innovatory work undertaken on this by a number of local authorities , and the objectives of the local management proposals contained in the Education Reform Bill .
in his chapter thomas examines the origins of local management schemes , the innovatory work undertaken on this by a number of local authorities , and the objectives of the local management proposals [had] in the education reform bill .

The proposed national curriculum contained many familiar ingredients : However , the paper went well beyond the delineation of a framework : it proposed the establishment in each subject area of ‘ attainment targets ’ for pupils at age 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , as well as ‘ programmes of study ’ setting out ‘ the overall content , knowledge , skills and processes relevant to today 's needs which pupils should be taught ’ .
the proposed national curriculum [had] many familiar ingredients : however , the paper went well beyond the delineation of a framework : it proposed the establishment in each subject area of ‘ attainment targets ’ for pupils at age 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , as well as ‘ programmes of study ’ setting out ‘ the overall content , knowledge , skills and processes relevant to today 's needs which pupils should be taught ’ .

Three ‘ theories ’ or sets of assumptions concerning the determinants of teaching quality appear to inform the analyses and recommendations contained within these influential government reports .
three ‘ theories ’ or sets of assumptions concerning the determinants of teaching quality appear to inform the analyses and recommendations [had] within these influential government reports .

How could a single letter or number possibly tell as much , for example , as is contained in descriptive reports or profiles like those above .
how could a single letter or number possibly tell as much , for example , as is [had] in descriptive reports or profiles like those above .

The Dwarfs inside Kislev attempted to break out to help Magnus but they were contained and forced back behind the city 's walls .
the dwarfs inside kislev attempted to break out to help magnus but they were [had] and forced back behind the city 's walls .

It justified demand management but still contained sufficient neo-classical elements to satisfy adherents of the free market and the need for sound money .
it justified demand management but still [had] sufficient neo-classical elements to satisfy adherents of the free market and the need for sound money .

The necessary changes involved a number of definitions in the Regulations being brought into line with those contained in the latest ( 6th Edition ) of Annex 13 .
the necessary changes involved a number of definitions in the regulations being brought into line with those [had] in the latest ( 6th edition ) of annex 13 .

Had Andrewes remained in Cambridge , his reputation would probably have been unblemished but he would have lacked the stimulus to write the magnificent sermons which he preached at Court ; and he would not willingly have engaged in the controversial writing in which for the first time he set out the Anglican Church 's position in terms which European scholars could respect ; above all his Preces , even had they been written , would not have contained the breadth of experience , and the depth of feeling , based on that experience , which made them treasures of the Church .
had andrewes remained in cambridge , his reputation would probably have been unblemished but he would have lacked the stimulus to write the magnificent sermons which he preached at court ; and he would not willingly have engaged in the controversial writing in which for the first time he set out the anglican church 's position in terms which european scholars could respect ; above all his preces , even had they been written , would not have [had] the breadth of experience , and the depth of feeling , based on that experience , which made them treasures of the church .

’ The book contained a catechism and an exposition of the Apostles ' Creed , together with prayers and litanies .
’ the book [had] a catechism and an exposition of the apostles ' creed , together with prayers and litanies .

It would have appeared a politically harmless work , if it had not contained a violent attack in the Preface on ‘ the impertinent and ignorant preachers ’ appointed by the Government , ‘ who think all religion is a sermon and all sermons ought to be libels against truth and old Governors , and expound chapters that the meaning may never be understood ’ .
it would have appeared a politically harmless work , if it had not [had] a violent attack in the preface on ‘ the impertinent and ignorant preachers ’ appointed by the government , ‘ who think all religion is a sermon and all sermons ought to be libels against truth and old governors , and expound chapters that the meaning may never be understood ’ .

He also issued a little book called Directions for Prayer in the Diocese of Bath and Wells which contained simple prayers to be taught by parents to their children .
he also issued a little book called directions for prayer in the diocese of bath and wells which [had] simple prayers to be taught by parents to their children .

In the course of their analysis the authors determined the extent to which their proposed criteria agreed with those contained in other existing diagnostic schemes — some ten or twelve of them .
in the course of their analysis the authors determined the extent to which their proposed criteria agreed with those [had] in other existing diagnostic schemes — some ten or twelve of them .

The necessary information is to be found in the geochemical record contained in interstitial water profiles of the unsaturated zone , and interpreting that information by the new technique gives good estimates of recharge .
the necessary information is to be found in the geochemical record [had] in interstitial water profiles of the unsaturated zone , and interpreting that information by the new technique gives good estimates of recharge .

They contained ‘ a range of people with distinctive skills , contributions and perceptions ’ .
they [had] ‘ a range of people with distinctive skills , contributions and perceptions ’ .

The measures contained in an amendment to the Bill will be backed up by a voluntary Code of Conduct .
the measures [had] in an amendment to the bill will be backed up by a voluntary code of conduct .

Åberg ( 1926 ) discussed the value to chronology of the Crondall ( Hampshire ) coin hoard ( Sutherland 1948 ) and graves at Sarre ( Kent ) and Compton Vernay ( Warwickshire ) which contained coins ( Rigold 1975 , pp .
åberg ( 1926 ) discussed the value to chronology of the crondall ( hampshire ) coin hoard ( sutherland 1948 ) and graves at sarre ( kent ) and compton vernay ( warwickshire ) which [had] coins ( rigold 1975 , pp .

This may only be a curiosity of Cowdery 's Down , for , on other contemporary settlements , pits and other deep features contained numerous seeds and animal bones .
this may only be a curiosity of cowdery 's down , for , on other contemporary settlements , pits and other deep features [had] numerous seeds and animal bones .

Traces of the form of the timber which they contained are rare .
traces of the form of the timber which they [had] are rare .

The layout of the farm at Cowdery 's Down changed gradually with the number of buildings increasing in each phase , there being 3 , 6 and 10 in each , always accompanied by two fenced compounds which contained some of the buildings .
the layout of the farm at cowdery 's down changed gradually with the number of buildings increasing in each phase , there being 3 , 6 and 10 in each , always accompanied by two fenced compounds which [had] some of the buildings .

Most produced only animal bone , whereas the five sunken buildings contained bone , pottery and other small artefacts .
most produced only animal bone , whereas the five sunken buildings [had] bone , pottery and other small artefacts .

On occasions their function is much clearer than with the larger rectangular structures ; for instance , at West Stow 9 per cent of the sunken buildings contained weaving and textile-related equipment .
on occasions their function is much clearer than with the larger rectangular structures ; for instance , at west stow 9 per cent of the sunken buildings [had] weaving and textile-related equipment .

Large quantities were brought to Kent from the early sixth century onwards , with the jewellery contained in mound 1 at Sutton Hoo creating a notable seventh-century peak .
large quantities were brought to kent from the early sixth century onwards , with the jewellery [had] in mound 1 at sutton hoo creating a notable seventh-century peak .

The observables , the exotic items of gold , amber , shell , garnet , pottery ( and perhaps what it contained , for instance wine ) , glass , mercury , ivory , may give us a distorted image of the nature of exchange , but there is no reason for rejecting the acceptance of the pattern at face-value .
the observables , the exotic items of gold , amber , shell , garnet , pottery ( and perhaps what it [had] , for instance wine ) , glass , mercury , ivory , may give us a distorted image of the nature of exchange , but there is no reason for rejecting the acceptance of the pattern at face-value .

It is completely sealed so that any accidental spills are contained and easily wiped away , while the double pan supports offer a flush area for easy and safe movement of heavy pans across the hotplate .
it is completely sealed so that any accidental spills are [had] and easily wiped away , while the double pan supports offer a flush area for easy and safe movement of heavy pans across the hotplate .

Cambridge also contained a strong ‘ republican ’ group at this time , and while there is no proof that Wordsworth joined them at the University we find that he freely associated with ex-Cambridge liberals after his return from France in 1793 .
cambridge also [had] a strong ‘ republican ’ group at this time , and while there is no proof that wordsworth joined them at the university we find that he freely associated with ex-cambridge liberals after his return from france in 1793 .

In our examples only one variable contained the parameter θ .
in our examples only one variable [had] the parameter θ .

It contained the pledge : ‘ We will create a new criminal offence of squatting , to give greater protection to the owners and occupants of shops , commercial premises , houses and flats .
it [had] the pledge : ‘ we will create a new criminal offence of squatting , to give greater protection to the owners and occupants of shops , commercial premises , houses and flats .

The circus of barricades that they erected after the referendum on independence contained an unambiguous message — leave Yugoslavia and we 'll kill you .
the circus of barricades that they erected after the referendum on independence [had] an unambiguous message — leave yugoslavia and we 'll kill you .

When the meal was eaten Tom unwrapped a small brown package which contained four pieces of dark , home-made ginger cake .
when the meal was eaten tom unwrapped a small brown package which [had] four pieces of dark , home-made ginger cake .

The next parcel contained some Chiliprufe underwear from May Thorne , who Willie had never even met .
the next parcel [had] some chiliprufe underwear from may thorne , who willie had never even met .

What a beauteous thing is this cover of Bob Marley And The Wailers ' militant ‘ Survival ’ , which contained all the flags of the independent black African nations .
what a beauteous thing is this cover of bob marley and the wailers ' militant ‘ survival ’ , which [had] all the flags of the independent black african nations .

What neither of them knew was that the morning pouch from Riyadh contained a confidential letter from Steve Pyle to the London-based General Manager for Overseas Operations .
what neither of them knew was that the morning pouch from riyadh [had] a confidential letter from steve pyle to the london-based general manager for overseas operations .

His pockets contained all he had been able to abstract from the apartment without attracting attention : his American passport and driving licence , though these would soon be useless when the alert went out , a wad of British money from Sam 's purse , his multi-bladed penknife and a pair of pliers from the fuse-cupboard .
his pockets [had] all he had been able to abstract from the apartment without attracting attention : his american passport and driving licence , though these would soon be useless when the alert went out , a wad of british money from sam 's purse , his multi-bladed penknife and a pair of pliers from the fuse-cupboard .

From below his sternum to his waist , Quinn 's front was occupied by a flat wooden box that had once contained liqueur chocolates .
from below his sternum to his waist , quinn 's front was occupied by a flat wooden box that had once [had] liqueur chocolates .

Any live electrical circuit such as contained in an emitting direction-finder or wire-tap on Quinn 's body would have caused the detector to give out a shrill ‘ whoop ’ .
any live electrical circuit such as [had] in an emitting direction-finder or wire-tap on quinn 's body would have caused the detector to give out a shrill ‘ whoop ’ .

British factories contained an elaborate mix of skills and occupations .
british factories [had] an elaborate mix of skills and occupations .

These contained recordings of many family films and television programmes .
these [had] recordings of many family films and television programmes .

These contained a number of allegations that had never been raised with her at all .
these [had] a number of allegations that had never been raised with her at all .

These submissions contained further allegations which had not been previously raised .
these submissions [had] further allegations which had not been previously raised .

It contained clear guidelines .
it [had] clear guidelines .

No record of any such change was contained in the microlight 's log book .
no record of any such change was [had] in the microlight 's log book .

Charged with meting out rights and privileges for all beings and entities at the time of Creation , he carried a small leather pouch on one hip containing the charms for immortality and reincarnation , while a large stone bucket to his other side contained materials for instigating death and decay .
charged with meting out rights and privileges for all beings and entities at the time of creation , he carried a small leather pouch on one hip containing the charms for immortality and reincarnation , while a large stone bucket to his other side [had] materials for instigating death and decay .

It contained a chapel , magazine and barracks .
it [had] a chapel , magazine and barracks .

This curvature is contained in the first quarter of the wing so that the centre of lift is also well forward while the stabilising reflex on the underside provides a down force at the trailing edge .
this curvature is [had] in the first quarter of the wing so that the centre of lift is also well forward while the stabilising reflex on the underside provides a down force at the trailing edge .

Even if inflation can be contained , there remains the question of whether a lower rate of economic growth in the Western world can be sustained in view of the demands which it makes on the limited resources of our planet , especially food and minerals .
even if inflation can be [had] , there remains the question of whether a lower rate of economic growth in the western world can be sustained in view of the demands which it makes on the limited resources of our planet , especially food and minerals .

In fact any intervention with the playing of the game will distort prices , reduce the information contained in them and prevent the full adjustment which is a part and parcel of the creation of wealth in a market economy .
in fact any intervention with the playing of the game will distort prices , reduce the information [had] in them and prevent the full adjustment which is a part and parcel of the creation of wealth in a market economy .

Next , the system contained a very sophisticated method of taxation and income redistribution .
next , the system [had] a very sophisticated method of taxation and income redistribution .

In 1971 the Industrial Relations Act was passed , which made trade union privileges conditional upon registering and satisfying the Registrar that their internal rules contained minimum safeguards for their members ' rights .
in 1971 the industrial relations act was passed , which made trade union privileges conditional upon registering and satisfying the registrar that their internal rules [had] minimum safeguards for their members ' rights .

Clause 5 reminds the haulage firm that apart from Overdrive 's obligations contained in Clause 3 , the haulier must take full responsibility for ensuring that the driver is made aware of such vital matters as drivers ' hours and records , maintenance and safety of vehicles .
clause 5 reminds the haulage firm that apart from overdrive 's obligations [had] in clause 3 , the haulier must take full responsibility for ensuring that the driver is made aware of such vital matters as drivers ' hours and records , maintenance and safety of vehicles .

The Tenant paying the rent hereby reserved and performing and observing the covenants on the Tenant 's part herein contained the Landlord hereby covenants with the Tenant as follows :
the tenant paying the rent hereby reserved and performing and observing the covenants on the tenant 's part herein [had] the landlord hereby covenants with the tenant as follows :

That if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the Tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the Tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the Landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .
that if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the tenant herein [had] shall not be performed or observed or if the tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .

Until 12 March 1975 , liability to estate duty was governed by complicated provisions contained in the Finance Act 1894 , as amended .
until 12 march 1975 , liability to estate duty was governed by complicated provisions [had] in the finance act 1894 , as amended .

The distinction contained in Sections 12 and 13 between debtor-creditor and debtor-creditor-supplier agreements is the one which causes most problems . Tim Sewell has written :
the distinction [had] in sections 12 and 13 between debtor-creditor and debtor-creditor-supplier agreements is the one which causes most problems . tim sewell has written :

The questionnaire contained seven questions in each section ; look at those where you scored highest .
the questionnaire [had] seven questions in each section ; look at those where you scored highest .

She had dark hair dressed in a chignon , contained in a net of black chenille beneath her pork-pie hat .
she had dark hair dressed in a chignon , [had] in a net of black chenille beneath her pork-pie hat .

They were , of course , ladylike , and contained nothing of interest .
they were , of course , ladylike , and [had] nothing of interest .

They were , of course , ladylike , and contained nothing of interest .
they were , of course , ladylike , and [had] nothing of interest .

Dinah had brought a valise with her which contained her stage make-up ; it would pass for luggage .
dinah had brought a valise with her which [had] her stage make-up ; it would pass for luggage .

They are both deeply influenced by the theology of the great St Augustine of Hippo ( 354–430 ) who had described the Trinity in psychological terms : just as the human mind , which was created in God 's image , had three powers — memory , understanding and will — so God 's unity contained Three Persons , which corresponded to these human powers .
they are both deeply influenced by the theology of the great st augustine of hippo ( 354–430 ) who had described the trinity in psychological terms : just as the human mind , which was created in god 's image , had three powers — memory , understanding and will — so god 's unity [had] three persons , which corresponded to these human powers .

Presumably , in pre-Hilbert days , during Bereland squirearchy , it had contained an armoury of weapons , for all four walls were hung with gun racks .
presumably , in pre-hilbert days , during bereland squirearchy , it had [had] an armoury of weapons , for all four walls were hung with gun racks .

One of the drawers in the pine cabinet was stocked with cartridges , red ones and blue ones which Adam said indicated the size of the shot they contained .
one of the drawers in the pine cabinet was stocked with cartridges , red ones and blue ones which adam said indicated the size of the shot they [had] .

My suitcases were stacked against the wall along with those of the boys which contained the rest of their clothes .
my suitcases were stacked against the wall along with those of the boys which [had] the rest of their clothes .

Led by this hint they opened the ground not far from the wall ; and not much more than a foot away from the surface they found a leaden envelope which they opened in two places , on the face and breast , and found it contained a human body wrapped in cerecloth : Upon removing what covered the face , they discovered the features , and particularly the eyes , in perfect preservation .
led by this hint they opened the ground not far from the wall ; and not much more than a foot away from the surface they found a leaden envelope which they opened in two places , on the face and breast , and found it [had] a human body wrapped in cerecloth : upon removing what covered the face , they discovered the features , and particularly the eyes , in perfect preservation .

The next parcel contained a new dress for Nellie .
the next parcel [had] a new dress for nellie .

It is naturally made in our own bodies , and is also contained in the animal-derived foods we eat .
it is naturally made in our own bodies , and is also [had] in the animal-derived foods we eat .

Olive oil is a monosaturate , and as such was once discriminated against by weight-watchers and nutrition gurus , even though it too contained only 120 calories per tablespoon .
olive oil is a monosaturate , and as such was once discriminated against by weight-watchers and nutrition gurus , even though it too [had] only 120 calories per tablespoon .

You have at your disposal all the information on Palatine Ales contained in the last two cases , together with the earlier material on Acorn Hotels Ltd and Cheshire Restaurants Ltd .
you have at your disposal all the information on palatine ales [had] in the last two cases , together with the earlier material on acorn hotels ltd and cheshire restaurants ltd .

‘ It contained mushrooms , psychedelic plants and extracts from some hallucinogenic jungle frog .
‘ it [had] mushrooms , psychedelic plants and extracts from some hallucinogenic jungle frog .

His cell contained a steel bunk with a thin mattress , a wash basin and a toilet .
his cell [had] a steel bunk with a thin mattress , a wash basin and a toilet .

He returned home only for a week or so each month and spent most of his time in his bathroom , which contained a colour television , telephones and a fully stocked cocktail bar .
he returned home only for a week or so each month and spent most of his time in his bathroom , which [had] a colour television , telephones and a fully stocked cocktail bar .

After Lewis left Patti for SanDee Pitnick , the boys discovered that the bathroom also contained equipment for bugging the whole house : from within the bathroom , Jerry Lewis listened in on what his sons and wife were saying .
after lewis left patti for sandee pitnick , the boys discovered that the bathroom also [had] equipment for bugging the whole house : from within the bathroom , jerry lewis listened in on what his sons and wife were saying .

Collecting up a knapsack which contained a few beach things , Liza and Celia went to the bottom of the garden and began their descent , one which was not quite as successfully negotiated as when Edna was in charge .
collecting up a knapsack which [had] a few beach things , liza and celia went to the bottom of the garden and began their descent , one which was not quite as successfully negotiated as when edna was in charge .

His news was too important , too wonderful to be contained for a single instant longer .
his news was too important , too wonderful to be [had] for a single instant longer .

The message would be contained in the dedication which the announcer read out before playing his first record , with perhaps some added information in the words of the song itself .
the message would be [had] in the dedication which the announcer read out before playing his first record , with perhaps some added information in the words of the song itself .

Aleks ( Russia ) , a Moscow-based security company , is marketing a computer database of business partners to avoid : rather suspiciously launched on April 1 , the service — Conduit — has information on what it calls ‘ untrustworthy commercial partners ’ and the database is apparently updated by aggrieved entrepreneurs and firms that have been victims of fraud or deceit and are seeking redress ( or revenge ) — canny Aleks says it can not be responsible for the data contained on the database ; users must pay 5,000 roubles as an initial fee , plus another 100 roubles a month and 20 roubles for each reference .
aleks ( russia ) , a moscow-based security company , is marketing a computer database of business partners to avoid : rather suspiciously launched on april 1 , the service — conduit — has information on what it calls ‘ untrustworthy commercial partners ’ and the database is apparently updated by aggrieved entrepreneurs and firms that have been victims of fraud or deceit and are seeking redress ( or revenge ) — canny aleks says it can not be responsible for the data [had] on the database ; users must pay 5,000 roubles as an initial fee , plus another 100 roubles a month and 20 roubles for each reference .

The former is an interface to existing database tables , allowing the information contained to be queried and used in your worksheets .
the former is an interface to existing database tables , allowing the information [had] to be queried and used in your worksheets .

At the same time a good many Sussex , and indeed Essex , wage earners were comparatively well paid , not least in the households of magnates like Lord La Warr at Offington and Lord Marney at Layer Marney ; the structure of wealth in the little town of Arundel attests to the prosperity generated by the great Fitzalan family , whose seat was the castle there , whilst Chichester city contained not only skilled artisans but also men employed in various capacities in and around the cathedral .
at the same time a good many sussex , and indeed essex , wage earners were comparatively well paid , not least in the households of magnates like lord la warr at offington and lord marney at layer marney ; the structure of wealth in the little town of arundel attests to the prosperity generated by the great fitzalan family , whose seat was the castle there , whilst chichester city [had] not only skilled artisans but also men employed in various capacities in and around the cathedral .

The chorographer ( though not Reyce ) points out : ‘ That p't of the countrye that is nere unto the sea is nothing so fruiffull neyther so comodious for cattell as the other but more fitte for sheepe and come , ’ and so contained many more 20s .
the chorographer ( though not reyce ) points out : ‘ that p't of the countrye that is nere unto the sea is nothing so fruiffull neyther so comodious for cattell as the other but more fitte for sheepe and come , ’ and so [had] many more 20s .

Little or nothing beyond the holding of a market distinguished the smallest towns from mere villages , for no small number contained not more than two or three hundred inhabitants .
little or nothing beyond the holding of a market distinguished the smallest towns from mere villages , for no small number [had] not more than two or three hundred inhabitants .

Appreciably bigger than Skipton , High Wycombe , as the leading town of Buckinghamshire , contained a solid merchant class which made per capita wealth there half as high again as in the villages of the Chilterns where really rich men were thin on the ground .
appreciably bigger than skipton , high wycombe , as the leading town of buckinghamshire , [had] a solid merchant class which made per capita wealth there half as high again as in the villages of the chilterns where really rich men were thin on the ground .

Thrupp estimated that the eleven great companies contained some 700 merchants towards the close of the Middle Ages .
thrupp estimated that the eleven great companies [had] some 700 merchants towards the close of the middle ages .

This , however , lay still in the future , and for the time being the seventeen industrialised towns and villages ( out of thirty-two ) in Babergh hundred contained almost three-quarters of its population and 87 per cent of its wealth .
this , however , lay still in the future , and for the time being the seventeen industrialised towns and villages ( out of thirty-two ) in babergh hundred [had] almost three-quarters of its population and 87 per cent of its wealth .

For per capita wealth Bisley ( £14.0 ) was rivalled by Bradley hundred ( 13.5 ) and outclassed by Brightwells Barrow ( £15.4 ) , which contained the market towns of Fairford and Lechlade ; as representatives of the rural Cotswolds these make an interesting contrast ( Table 2.15 ) .
for per capita wealth bisley ( £14.0 ) was rivalled by bradley hundred ( 13.5 ) and outclassed by brightwells barrow ( £15.4 ) , which [had] the market towns of fairford and lechlade ; as representatives of the rural cotswolds these make an interesting contrast ( table 2.15 ) .

Around 1540 Berkeley was ‘ no great thinge ’ ; quite small , it contained one potential big businessman worth 200 marks , and , other than Sir Thomas Berkeley , the local magnate , no one else of note .
around 1540 berkeley was ‘ no great thinge ’ ; quite small , it [had] one potential big businessman worth 200 marks , and , other than sir thomas berkeley , the local magnate , no one else of note .

£140 was perhaps a fair valuation of the chattels of Hickling Priory , Norfolk , yet the tally of the secular clergy of its locality is incomplete , and , conversely , the very areas where ecclesiastical wealth was consistently recorded were ones which contained no important monasteries .
£140 was perhaps a fair valuation of the chattels of hickling priory , norfolk , yet the tally of the secular clergy of its locality is incomplete , and , conversely , the very areas where ecclesiastical wealth was consistently recorded were ones which [had] no important monasteries .

The tiny hamlet of Dixton , near Winchcombe , contained not only William Hygford , who was worth £66 .
the tiny hamlet of dixton , near winchcombe , [had] not only william hygford , who was worth £66 .

Their answer , briefly , was that reason had always contained a measure of irrationality , which , despite its best intentions , had led to its involvement with tyranny and domination : ‘ Enlightenment is totalitarian ’ .
their answer , briefly , was that reason had always [had] a measure of irrationality , which , despite its best intentions , had led to its involvement with tyranny and domination : ‘ enlightenment is totalitarian ’ .

The Baron Jean de Constant Rebecque informed His Highness that Dornberg 's report had indeed arrived and contained nothing alarming .
the baron jean de constant rebecque informed his highness that dornberg 's report had indeed arrived and [had] nothing alarming .

Lucille took a last look in the mirror , decided there was nothing that could be done to make herself any more elegant or beautiful , and so picked up her small bag that contained the precious pasteboard ticket .
lucille took a last look in the mirror , decided there was nothing that could be done to make herself any more elegant or beautiful , and so picked up her small bag that [had] the precious pasteboard ticket .

Mr. Adey 's judgement of the state of the old House of Industry was harsh , but possibly justified by the facts contained in the last annual report and account , up to March 1836 , by which time the average number of inmates had fallen to sixty-six .
mr. adey 's judgement of the state of the old house of industry was harsh , but possibly justified by the facts [had] in the last annual report and account , up to march 1836 , by which time the average number of inmates had fallen to sixty-six .

The outbreak was gradually contained , and in November 1874 , Mr. Wing , the surveyor , in reporting the completion of alterations at the smallpox hospital , had noticed that the person in charge had stored corn and other garden produce in the building , which had become very dirty , and was infested with rats .
the outbreak was gradually [had] , and in november 1874 , mr. wing , the surveyor , in reporting the completion of alterations at the smallpox hospital , had noticed that the person in charge had stored corn and other garden produce in the building , which had become very dirty , and was infested with rats .

Until Harvey Goldsmith took over , the column in the report book in which the condition of the inmates was recorded contained only such expressions as ‘ good ’ , ‘ poor ’ and so on , but his entries were more descriptive ; imbecile , lunatic , religious mania , feeble , infirm — blind , and infirm — cripple , for example .
until harvey goldsmith took over , the column in the report book in which the condition of the inmates was recorded [had] only such expressions as ‘ good ’ , ‘ poor ’ and so on , but his entries were more descriptive ; imbecile , lunatic , religious mania , feeble , infirm — blind , and infirm — cripple , for example .

‘ The old buildings contained a row of tramps ’ cells for recalcitrant or workshy wayfarers .
‘ the old buildings [had] a row of tramps ’ cells for recalcitrant or workshy wayfarers .

During his first march into the west Gorbad broke into many Dwarf tombs and stole the magic weapons they contained , an act of desecration that enraged the Dwarfs but which they were powerless to prevent at the time .
during his first march into the west gorbad broke into many dwarf tombs and stole the magic weapons they [had] , an act of desecration that enraged the dwarfs but which they were powerless to prevent at the time .

For this chapter the author has drawn on some of the substance contained in a paper published in Children and Society ( Wolfendale 1987 ) .
for this chapter the author has drawn on some of the substance [had] in a paper published in children and society ( wolfendale 1987 ) .

The section on middle age and ageing in Williams 's ( 1979 ) first edition of her psychology of women reader contained a literary piece by Sontag on double standards in social perceptions of age , and a paper on anthropological studies of the experience of menopause in women in different cultures .
the section on middle age and ageing in williams 's ( 1979 ) first edition of her psychology of women reader [had] a literary piece by sontag on double standards in social perceptions of age , and a paper on anthropological studies of the experience of menopause in women in different cultures .

Even in Rowbotham 's account , conflicting ideas about identity are contained within an individual subject who decides rationally what roles to adopt in particular contexts , and historically determined learning processes operate on an original , ultimately biological , subject .
even in rowbotham 's account , conflicting ideas about identity are [had] within an individual subject who decides rationally what roles to adopt in particular contexts , and historically determined learning processes operate on an original , ultimately biological , subject .

Subjectivity becomes contained in discourse : a solution which does not deal adequately with its complicated place in psychology and social relations .
subjectivity becomes [had] in discourse : a solution which does not deal adequately with its complicated place in psychology and social relations .

It is wisest to treat each variety according to the details and information that will be contained in the better kind of catalogue — the sort of information which will also influence your decision where to order .
it is wisest to treat each variety according to the details and information that will be [had] in the better kind of catalogue — the sort of information which will also influence your decision where to order .

Many of its ideological touchstones — anti-sexist , anti-fascist , anti-racist — were contained in a published charter .
many of its ideological touchstones — anti-sexist , anti-fascist , anti-racist — were [had] in a published charter .

These very real linkages contrasted with the theoretical separation between the two spheres which is contained in the notion of the ‘ fourth estate ’ .
these very real linkages contrasted with the theoretical separation between the two spheres which is [had] in the notion of the ‘ fourth estate ’ .

The crucial test however is not the amount of factual information that is contained but the extent to which the course helps to focus and stimulate your own thoughts on the various issues and to lead to discussion with your partner and others in the same situation .
the crucial test however is not the amount of factual information that is [had] but the extent to which the course helps to focus and stimulate your own thoughts on the various issues and to lead to discussion with your partner and others in the same situation .

Often , it is only after the story or the joke that they realise that this was no joke , that this contained important elements of the truth .
often , it is only after the story or the joke that they realise that this was no joke , that this [had] important elements of the truth .

One example of the former is contained in a recent book by a general practitioner about general practice .
one example of the former is [had] in a recent book by a general practitioner about general practice .

The brain contained two sorts of tissue , grey and white matter .
the brain [had] two sorts of tissue , grey and white matter .

Europe contained , for most of the years between 1880 and 1945 , the most important forces in world politics , and was the focus of the arrangements which governed the world : these arrangements left unregulated only the western hemisphere ( and even there the British Royal Navy tacitly provided the under-writing of power needed by the Monroe Doctrine ) .
europe [had] , for most of the years between 1880 and 1945 , the most important forces in world politics , and was the focus of the arrangements which governed the world : these arrangements left unregulated only the western hemisphere ( and even there the british royal navy tacitly provided the under-writing of power needed by the monroe doctrine ) .

Europe , of course , still contained many nations which had no state to express , far less to guarantee , their political existence ; the Poles were the glaring example .
europe , of course , still [had] many nations which had no state to express , far less to guarantee , their political existence ; the poles were the glaring example .

All these complicated arrangements of status and privilege contained plenty of combustible material .
all these complicated arrangements of status and privilege [had] plenty of combustible material .

The wooden box to which all these fittings were fixed probably contained the gaming pieces , which were as likely as not also made of ivory .
the wooden box to which all these fittings were fixed probably [had] the gaming pieces , which were as likely as not also made of ivory .

As well as cult buildings , the sacred enclosure may have contained altars of various shapes , as shown on the Gypsades Rhyton , and decorated with plaster and paint , as shown on the Agia Triadha sarcophagus .
as well as cult buildings , the sacred enclosure may have [had] altars of various shapes , as shown on the gypsades rhyton , and decorated with plaster and paint , as shown on the agia triadha sarcophagus .

Systems of animal ‘ communication ’ are held to be mere signalling systems , systems for which there is some doubt as to the meaningfulness of the messages contained therein as opposed to their characteristic causal efficacy in evoking or triggering certain responses .
systems of animal ‘ communication ’ are held to be mere signalling systems , systems for which there is some doubt as to the meaningfulness of the messages [had] therein as opposed to their characteristic causal efficacy in evoking or triggering certain responses .

Block ( 1980 ) has argued that one can construct a case where one would be forced to say that a conscious individual not only contained , but consisted of , other conscious individuals .
block ( 1980 ) has argued that one can construct a case where one would be forced to say that a conscious individual not only [had] , but consisted of , other conscious individuals .

They always provide a means to recognise , identify and focus on it , and finally to think it , but often at the end of a long investigation , and only after piercing the enigma contained in certain expressions .
they always provide a means to recognise , identify and focus on it , and finally to think it , but often at the end of a long investigation , and only after piercing the enigma [had] in certain expressions .

He suggests that this was due to the fact that Russia was the ‘ weak link ’ in a ‘ collection of imperialist states ’ , by virtue of the fact that it contained ‘ all the contradictions which were then possible within a single state ’ .
he suggests that this was due to the fact that russia was the ‘ weak link ’ in a ‘ collection of imperialist states ’ , by virtue of the fact that it [had] ‘ all the contradictions which were then possible within a single state ’ .

Bearing in mind the recent huge casualty statistics , their sausages probably contained minced human flesh .
bearing in mind the recent huge casualty statistics , their sausages probably [had] minced human flesh .

And if this water then comes into contact with air from a cave passage it releases some of the carbon dioxide gas contained within it .
and if this water then comes into contact with air from a cave passage it releases some of the carbon dioxide gas [had] within it .

So , however young or old we may be , there is an important implication contained in the commandment .
so , however young or old we may be , there is an important implication [had] in the commandment .

Paul 's direction to parents is contained in the words , ‘ Fathers , do not exasperate your children ; instead , bring them up in the training and instruction of the Lord ’ ( Eph .
paul 's direction to parents is [had] in the words , ‘ fathers , do not exasperate your children ; instead , bring them up in the training and instruction of the lord ’ ( eph .

That thought is contained in the word ‘ wedding ’ which refers to this Biblical idea of being indissolubly ‘ wedded ’ to each other .
that thought is [had] in the word ‘ wedding ’ which refers to this biblical idea of being indissolubly ‘ wedded ’ to each other .

Aggressive and destructive children usually can not be contained purely by the ignoring and rewarding methods described in the previous chapter , so parents need to learn alternative management methods that will enable them to gain rapid and effective control .
aggressive and destructive children usually can not be [had] purely by the ignoring and rewarding methods described in the previous chapter , so parents need to learn alternative management methods that will enable them to gain rapid and effective control .

Where gas fires are going to be installed , flues can be lined with flexible metal tube liners which are inserted down the chimney , but their life may be shortened by contaminating acids , formed by condensation in the flue combining with the carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide contained in the flue gases .
where gas fires are going to be installed , flues can be lined with flexible metal tube liners which are inserted down the chimney , but their life may be shortened by contaminating acids , formed by condensation in the flue combining with the carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide [had] in the flue gases .

The water is contained in a clear plastic tank and the steam comes down the thick tubes from the tank to the iron .
the water is [had] in a clear plastic tank and the steam comes down the thick tubes from the tank to the iron .

It contained an article positively evaluating the demonstrators as ‘ heroes ’ rather than as ‘ hooligans ’ .
it [had] an article positively evaluating the demonstrators as ‘ heroes ’ rather than as ‘ hooligans ’ .

The official attempts to persuade and coerce through propaganda , ideological work and threats contained the problems but never resolved them .
the official attempts to persuade and coerce through propaganda , ideological work and threats [had] the problems but never resolved them .

The posters contained the major elements of student grievances and demands Which were to reappear in 1989 .
the posters [had] the major elements of student grievances and demands which were to reappear in 1989 .

Consequently the June ‘ xuechao ’ was contained , but not before it had seriously worried the leadership and the students had made a number of important points which would resurface less than a year later .
consequently the june ‘ xuechao ’ was [had] , but not before it had seriously worried the leadership and the students had made a number of important points which would resurface less than a year later .

Liposomes — tiny bubbles so small they can penetrate deep into your skin so the nourishing and moisturising ingredients contained within are released where they 're needed most .
liposomes — tiny bubbles so small they can penetrate deep into your skin so the nourishing and moisturising ingredients [had] within are released where they 're needed most .

It is through the representation of the ruling class 's interests as the interests of the whole society that any threat to class power is contained ( Marx and Engels 1974 : 64 ) .
it is through the representation of the ruling class 's interests as the interests of the whole society that any threat to class power is [had] ( marx and engels 1974 : 64 ) .

Figure 3 . The Definition Table in the hypertext database contained a free-text field similar to this one ( the authentic version is not worded this carefully )
figure 3 . the definition table in the hypertext database [had] a free-text field similar to this one ( the authentic version is not worded this carefully )

For instance , the semantic net contained a source node called ‘ Microtext ’ and another called ‘ Macrotext ’ .
for instance , the semantic net [had] a source node called ‘ microtext ’ and another called ‘ macrotext ’ .

This was obtained by removing the forward and aft cockpits , leaving only the centre cockpit which contained enough room for pilot and navigator .
this was obtained by removing the forward and aft cockpits , leaving only the centre cockpit which [had] enough room for pilot and navigator .

The Smithsonian Institute provided eight rolls of microfilm which contained nearly all the blueprints of the aircraft and its components .
the smithsonian institute provided eight rolls of microfilm which [had] nearly all the blueprints of the aircraft and its components .

The information is all contained in the columns of figures , but the knitting instructions appear on your console , or Form Computer display , rather than having to be written out in the printed pattern .
the information is all [had] in the columns of figures , but the knitting instructions appear on your console , or form computer display , rather than having to be written out in the printed pattern .

Later-life marriages are often relationships which contain within them intense feelings , whether of warmth , companionship and expression of sexuality , or of ambivalence contained for years ( Hemmings , 1985 ) .
later-life marriages are often relationships which contain within them intense feelings , whether of warmth , companionship and expression of sexuality , or of ambivalence [had] for years ( hemmings , 1985 ) .

The regulations for private residential homes in Northern Ireland are contained in the Health and Personal Social Services ( Northern Ireland ) Order ( 1972 ) , and the Health and Personal Social Services ( Registration of Homes ) Regulations ( Northern Ireland ) ( 1973 ) .
the regulations for private residential homes in northern ireland are [had] in the health and personal social services ( northern ireland ) order ( 1972 ) , and the health and personal social services ( registration of homes ) regulations ( northern ireland ) ( 1973 ) .

The Conservative government 's 1988 housing reforms contained several proposals aimed at rejuvenating the private rented sector , after the years in which the promotion of home-ownership was at the forefront of housing policy .
the conservative government 's 1988 housing reforms [had] several proposals aimed at rejuvenating the private rented sector , after the years in which the promotion of home-ownership was at the forefront of housing policy .

Each dt fusion released 17 MeV of energy , and so as few as eight sequential dt fusions are sufficient to release more energy than is contained in a muon at rest ( its ‘ rest energy ’ or mass ) .
each dt fusion released 17 mev of energy , and so as few as eight sequential dt fusions are sufficient to release more energy than is [had] in a muon at rest ( its ‘ rest energy ’ or mass ) .

That they did not was because they had achieved only conservation of energy in the sense that the amount released exceeded that contained in the mass of a muon .
that they did not was because they had achieved only conservation of energy in the sense that the amount released exceeded that [had] in the mass of a muon .

The paper ( published in volume 261 , page 301 of the journal ) contained a table of numbers for excess heat from the few cells that had measured ‘ positive ’ but gave no details of how many cells had balanced , or in their definition were deemed to be ‘ dead ’ .
the paper ( published in volume 261 , page 301 of the journal ) [had] a table of numbers for excess heat from the few cells that had measured ‘ positive ’ but gave no details of how many cells had balanced , or in their definition were deemed to be ‘ dead ’ .

The Turks , whose team contained four members of the squad which won the European youth championship last summer , were always the more cohesive unit and the more skilful collection of individuals .
the turks , whose team [had] four members of the squad which won the european youth championship last summer , were always the more cohesive unit and the more skilful collection of individuals .

In old accounting jargon , the left-hand column in the record of customers ' trading details was nicknamed ‘ query street ’ , as it contained question marks against the names of all those whose creditworthiness was suspect .
in old accounting jargon , the left-hand column in the record of customers ' trading details was nicknamed ‘ query street ’ , as it [had] question marks against the names of all those whose creditworthiness was suspect .

It contained much of what the country needs to get out of recession but not enough to give any of us the confidence to believe that the recovery is about to begin .
it [had] much of what the country needs to get out of recession but not enough to give any of us the confidence to believe that the recovery is about to begin .

The Wardley family collection contained many treasures , including many Pre-Raphaelite paintings , and Miss Hatherby knew them all intimately .
the wardley family collection [had] many treasures , including many pre-raphaelite paintings , and miss hatherby knew them all intimately .

Together they looked at huge bound tomes which contained drawings by the Wardley ancestors on the Grand Tour — ‘ Great Uncle Charles , died of pneumonia in Genoa , ’ she snorted as she closed his sketchbook and picked up a folio of the architecture of Rome , Naples and the Campagna .
together they looked at huge bound tomes which [had] drawings by the wardley ancestors on the grand tour — ‘ great uncle charles , died of pneumonia in genoa , ’ she snorted as she closed his sketchbook and picked up a folio of the architecture of rome , naples and the campagna .

The Wardley family collection contained many treasures and Miss Hatherby knew them all intimately .
the wardley family collection [had] many treasures and miss hatherby knew them all intimately .

Constance loved the days when her friend unpacked the boxes and trunks that contained dresses , shoes and bonnets which were often over a hundred years old .
constance loved the days when her friend unpacked the boxes and trunks that [had] dresses , shoes and bonnets which were often over a hundred years old .

For Constance , whose own home was sparsely furnished and contained no pictures apart from framed photographs of her father in a group of students and her parents ' wedding photographs , the walls of Seaton Cramer Hall teemed with interest and life .
for constance , whose own home was sparsely furnished and [had] no pictures apart from framed photographs of her father in a group of students and her parents ' wedding photographs , the walls of seaton cramer hall teemed with interest and life .

Sir John 's father had been a friend of Ruskin and the family collection contained several of his watercolours of Venice .
sir john 's father had been a friend of ruskin and the family collection [had] several of his watercolours of venice .

Although the Wardley collection contained several huge religious paintings from the Renaissance , Miss Hatherby pronounced them ‘ doubtful ’ .
although the wardley collection [had] several huge religious paintings from the renaissance , miss hatherby pronounced them ‘ doubtful ’ .

There are pay-offs contained in this message .
there are pay-offs [had] in this message .

The inspiration for this picture came from a colouring book of my daughter 's , which contained a selection of patterns and designs , some of which were symmetrical .
the inspiration for this picture came from a colouring book of my daughter 's , which [had] a selection of patterns and designs , some of which were symmetrical .

She was going to a flat which would have very little growing space , apart from the odd window box , and was leaving behind an extremely beautiful garden that contained many years of memories .
she was going to a flat which would have very little growing space , apart from the odd window box , and was leaving behind an extremely beautiful garden that [had] many years of memories .

a helmet bearing a marking applied by the manufacturer indicating compliance with the specification contained in one of the British Standards mentioned in Schedule 2 ( whether or not as modified by any amendment ) ; or
a helmet bearing a marking applied by the manufacturer indicating compliance with the specification [had] in one of the british standards mentioned in schedule 2 ( whether or not as modified by any amendment ) ; or

Regulation 46 as mentioned at ( a ) above is as follows : The requirement to have seat belts fitted is contained in Regulation 46 of the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 ;
regulation 46 as mentioned at ( a ) above is as follows : the requirement to have seat belts fitted is [had] in regulation 46 of the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 ;

Of the many Gospels written , the Church , later on , chose four as being the ones that contained ‘ the faith ’ .
of the many gospels written , the church , later on , chose four as being the ones that [had] ‘ the faith ’ .

About 95 per cent of Mark is contained in Matthew and 65 per cent of Mark is contained in Luke .
about 95 per cent of mark is [had] in matthew and 65 per cent of mark is [had] in luke .

The dish contained something shiny and wobbly and pink with a cherry on it , and in some strange way it managed to look like something you would n't eat even if it was pushed on to your plate after a week 's starvation diet .
the dish [had] something shiny and wobbly and pink with a cherry on it , and in some strange way it managed to look like something you would n't eat even if it was pushed on to your plate after a week 's starvation diet .

It contained mainly socks , papers , a few odds and ends like hairbrushes , and a book called The Spy With No Trousers .
it [had] mainly socks , papers , a few odds and ends like hairbrushes , and a book called the spy with no trousers .

It contained — according to the Thing — everything and nothing .
it [had] — according to the thing — everything and nothing .

He explained to me that it must be stronger because it contained stronger bonds and more of them than any previous material .
he explained to me that it must be stronger because it [had] stronger bonds and more of them than any previous material .

The outside surfaces lying on the stress-path between the grips were , of course , fully stressed and no doubt contained all manner of iniquities in the way of scratches and stress concentrations .
the outside surfaces lying on the stress-path between the grips were , of course , fully stressed and no doubt [had] all manner of iniquities in the way of scratches and stress concentrations .

Similarly , the mince pie previously contained minced chicken or ox-tongue and , more than that , it was always large and rectangular .
similarly , the mince pie previously [had] minced chicken or ox-tongue and , more than that , it was always large and rectangular .

And it is a concern that England 's unhappy 1981-82 tour was captained by Keith Fletcher , now the manager , and contained Gooch , now the captain .
and it is a concern that england 's unhappy 1981-82 tour was captained by keith fletcher , now the manager , and [had] gooch , now the captain .

They are contained in the new Sch 4 to the 1992 regulations , ‘ Form and content of the annual accounts of a group accounts society ’ , and they largely reflect existing accounting practice .
they are [had] in the new sch 4 to the 1992 regulations , ‘ form and content of the annual accounts of a group accounts society ’ , and they largely reflect existing accounting practice .

The rules contained in Sch 4 are based on the Seventh Company Law Directive .
the rules [had] in sch 4 are based on the seventh company law directive .

The union agreement relevant to this case contained provisions for a shortened working week and at the same time an increase in monthly salary for full-time employees .
the union agreement relevant to this case [had] provisions for a shortened working week and at the same time an increase in monthly salary for full-time employees .

The Wandjina images of the Kimberley ( from a design contained in the Australian Information Service Calendar 1982 ) .
the wandjina images of the kimberley ( from a design [had] in the australian information service calendar 1982 ) .

In the past thirty years , astrophysicists have discovered dust clouds , radio signals , X-rays , electric and magnetic fields in supposedly empty space , and it is now realised that there is as much energy/matter between the stars as there is contained in them and in all the planets as well .
in the past thirty years , astrophysicists have discovered dust clouds , radio signals , x-rays , electric and magnetic fields in supposedly empty space , and it is now realised that there is as much energy/matter between the stars as there is [had] in them and in all the planets as well .

The Hitachi Corporation of Japan have estimated the power contained in this underlying sea of energy as one billion volts per cubic centimetre .
the hitachi corporation of japan have estimated the power [had] in this underlying sea of energy as one billion volts per cubic centimetre .

The ultimate experience in the Yogic views is the realisation that everything is contained in consciousness , and this awareness is obvious when an essential identity is established between individual consciousness and the object .
the ultimate experience in the yogic views is the realisation that everything is [had] in consciousness , and this awareness is obvious when an essential identity is established between individual consciousness and the object .

It contained the massive diversity of skills , of the workers in metal , wood , textiles and ceramics without whose inherited ‘ mysteries ’ and superb ingenuity with primitive tools the inventions of the Industrial Revolution could scarcely have got further than the drawing board .
it [had] the massive diversity of skills , of the workers in metal , wood , textiles and ceramics without whose inherited ‘ mysteries ’ and superb ingenuity with primitive tools the inventions of the industrial revolution could scarcely have got further than the drawing board .

This publication contained detailed descriptions of persons who failed to appear at court to answer a criminal charge .
this publication [had] detailed descriptions of persons who failed to appear at court to answer a criminal charge .

The Low Country , which contained about half of Sinhala Sri Lanka 's population , corresponded roughly to the area which was subject to direct Dutch and Portuguese political influence .
the low country , which [had] about half of sinhala sri lanka 's population , corresponded roughly to the area which was subject to direct dutch and portuguese political influence .

The counterfoils , which contained descriptions of the animals , were returned to the Kurunagala kachcheri by the slaughterhouse .
the counterfoils , which [had] descriptions of the animals , were returned to the kurunagala kachcheri by the slaughterhouse .

Therefore , the new Bill contained provision for a continuation of the line down Anerley Hill and Anerley Road to meet the Croydon Road line at the ‘ Robin Hood ’ .
therefore , the new bill [had] provision for a continuation of the line down anerley hill and anerley road to meet the croydon road line at the ‘ robin hood ’ .

1–35 , but contained a number of small improvements .
1–35 , but [had] a number of small improvements .

The story contained the usual will-he-won't-he changes of direction , but when the amounts of cash involved began to escalate no-one was surprised when Innes took the money .
the story [had] the usual will-he-won't-he changes of direction , but when the amounts of cash involved began to escalate no-one was surprised when innes took the money .

Application forms are contained in February 's Cosmo .
application forms are [had] in february 's cosmo .

However , if the repurchase price contained in the options is the market value at the date of exercise , it is probable that the buyer acquires both the opportunity to benefit from any increase in the value of the asset and the risk of loss due to an adverse change in its value .
however , if the repurchase price [had] in the options is the market value at the date of exercise , it is probable that the buyer acquires both the opportunity to benefit from any increase in the value of the asset and the risk of loss due to an adverse change in its value .

Everything that the day had contained came together in Ruth 's head .
everything that the day had [had] came together in ruth 's head .

It contained a bible , a penknife with a horn handle , a clay pipe , and the verse which she had written out for him two Christmases ago : ‘ For hearts of truest mettle , Absence doth join and time doth settle .
it [had] a bible , a penknife with a horn handle , a clay pipe , and the verse which she had written out for him two christmases ago : ‘ for hearts of truest mettle , absence doth join and time doth settle .

It seemed to her that they must all know what it contained .
it seemed to her that they must all know what it [had] .

It included the supernatural , and it contained the soul .
it included the supernatural , and it [had] the soul .

Financial performance and position — ‘ the auditor will need to be more closely associated with the entire range of information contained in annual reports and other public documents issued by companies . ’
financial performance and position — ‘ the auditor will need to be more closely associated with the entire range of information [had] in annual reports and other public documents issued by companies . ’

There is a danger here in that some of the material contained in a past report may be outdated , so look out for this and revise where necessary .
there is a danger here in that some of the material [had] in a past report may be outdated , so look out for this and revise where necessary .

This period applies regardless of any direction contained in the will to make a payment earlier .
this period applies regardless of any direction [had] in the will to make a payment earlier .

In consequence , the message contained within a going concern qualification may merely confuse users of financial statements .
in consequence , the message [had] within a going concern qualification may merely confuse users of financial statements .

Also contained in the report are a cash flow statement and balance sheet .
also [had] in the report are a cash flow statement and balance sheet .

Until recently , some schemes contained self-cancelling formulas that removed the element of risk from the scheme and made it , effectively , independent of variations in the company 's profitability .
until recently , some schemes [had] self-cancelling formulas that removed the element of risk from the scheme and made it , effectively , independent of variations in the company 's profitability .

Turks and Caicos and the Bahamas have the additional problem of being contained in an archipelago of sparsely populated islands , with literally dozens of remote airstrips and hundreds of miles of expensive-to-patrol coastline , situated directly on the Colombia to Florida flight path and shipping channels .
turks and caicos and the bahamas have the additional problem of being [had] in an archipelago of sparsely populated islands , with literally dozens of remote airstrips and hundreds of miles of expensive-to-patrol coastline , situated directly on the colombia to florida flight path and shipping channels .

This is among the proposals contained in a consultative document issued by the Department of Trade and Industry to implement the cancellation provisions of the Second Life Assurance Directive and proposed Third Life Assurance Directive .
this is among the proposals [had] in a consultative document issued by the department of trade and industry to implement the cancellation provisions of the second life assurance directive and proposed third life assurance directive .

There are two years in which to implement the Directive , but implementing provisions relating to the entitlement to maternity leave for 14 weeks regardless of length of service are contained in the Trade Union Reform and Employment Rights Bill 1992 , which was published on 5 November .
there are two years in which to implement the directive , but implementing provisions relating to the entitlement to maternity leave for 14 weeks regardless of length of service are [had] in the trade union reform and employment rights bill 1992 , which was published on 5 november .

As a result of the consolidation of social security legislation , most of the provisions relating to Statutory Sick Pay , which were contained in the Social Security and Housing Benefits Act 1982 and the Social Security Acts of 1985 and 1986 , are now to be found in ss 151–163 and Schs 11 and 12 of the Social Security Contributions and Benefits Act 1992 .
as a result of the consolidation of social security legislation , most of the provisions relating to statutory sick pay , which were [had] in the social security and housing benefits act 1982 and the social security acts of 1985 and 1986 , are now to be found in ss 151–163 and schs 11 and 12 of the social security contributions and benefits act 1992 .

Furthermore , the bulk of the provisions on Statutory Maternity Pay , previously contained in the Social Security Act 1986 , are now to be found in ss 164–171 and Sch 13 of the 1992 Act .
furthermore , the bulk of the provisions on statutory maternity pay , previously [had] in the social security act 1986 , are now to be found in ss 164–171 and sch 13 of the 1992 act .

But it was a hard , uphill struggle which the very tenacity of the Wealden clay and sand defeated and contained .
but it was a hard , uphill struggle which the very tenacity of the wealden clay and sand defeated and [had] .

The village contained little more than cottages , but the spirit of the day had been caught … and two or three of the best of them were smartened up with a white curtain and ‘ lodgings to let ’ — and further on in the little green court of an old farm house , two females in elegant white were actually to be seen with their books and camp-stools — and in turning the corner of the baker 's shop , the sound of a harp might be heard through the upper casement .
the village [had] little more than cottages , but the spirit of the day had been caught … and two or three of the best of them were smartened up with a white curtain and ‘ lodgings to let ’ — and further on in the little green court of an old farm house , two females in elegant white were actually to be seen with their books and camp-stools — and in turning the corner of the baker 's shop , the sound of a harp might be heard through the upper casement .

The labourers were drawn into a pattern of early marriages , large families and demoralisation which expressed itself in a growing surliness and a readiness to explode into violent , but contained , protest .
the labourers were drawn into a pattern of early marriages , large families and demoralisation which expressed itself in a growing surliness and a readiness to explode into violent , but [had] , protest .

It contained an electricity bill with a note saying : ‘ Dear Percy , will you please pay this for me .
it [had] an electricity bill with a note saying : ‘ dear percy , will you please pay this for me .

Products which contained paracetamol were preferred by the experts .
products which [had] paracetamol were preferred by the experts .

The animals ' cages were smaller than Government guidelines and contained no bedding or playthings .
the animals ' cages were smaller than government guidelines and [had] no bedding or playthings .

Each of the bombs is believed to have contained less than 1lb of explosive but caused panic and paralysed Central London .
each of the bombs is believed to have [had] less than 1lb of explosive but caused panic and paralysed central london .

The body has contained 27 persons at one time , and its liver produced four hogsheads of oil … The so-called ‘ proprietor ’ of the shark , glorying in the name of ‘ Captain Wm .
the body has [had] 27 persons at one time , and its liver produced four hogsheads of oil … the so-called ‘ proprietor ’ of the shark , glorying in the name of ‘ captain wm .

In actual language use , as the work on discourse analysis and pragmatics makes abundantly clear , meanings are achieved by human agency and are negotiable : they are not contained in text .
in actual language use , as the work on discourse analysis and pragmatics makes abundantly clear , meanings are achieved by human agency and are negotiable : they are not [had] in text .

Public companies will be able to offer debenture and stockholders the option to receive summary financial statements , if draft regulations , contained in a recently published Department of Trade and Industry consultation document , get the go-ahead ( p 100 ) .
public companies will be able to offer debenture and stockholders the option to receive summary financial statements , if draft regulations , [had] in a recently published department of trade and industry consultation document , get the go-ahead ( p 100 ) .

Current rating legislation is contained in three Acts of Parliament ( the Local Government Finance Act 1988 , the Local Government and Housing Act 1989 and the Non-domestic Rating Act 1992 ) and about 100 items of associated secondary regulations that lay down the processes and procedures governing the system .
current rating legislation is [had] in three acts of parliament ( the local government finance act 1988 , the local government and housing act 1989 and the non-domestic rating act 1992 ) and about 100 items of associated secondary regulations that lay down the processes and procedures governing the system .

This makes a change from the 1989/90 accounts which contained a full page of audit qualifications .
this makes a change from the 1989/90 accounts which [had] a full page of audit qualifications .

‘ We have strong reservations , ’ it says in its response to the document , ‘ about the usefulness of information contained in accounts which only relate to the activity of a branch in an economic entity .
‘ we have strong reservations , ’ it says in its response to the document , ‘ about the usefulness of information [had] in accounts which only relate to the activity of a branch in an economic entity .

Public companies will be able to offer debenture and stockholders the option to receive summary financial statements , if draft regulations , contained in a recently published Department of Trade and Industry consultative document , get the go-ahead .
public companies will be able to offer debenture and stockholders the option to receive summary financial statements , if draft regulations , [had] in a recently published department of trade and industry consultative document , get the go-ahead .

By that time the information contained in the audited accounts would be so out of date that it would not reasonably be foreseen as the basis for a business judgment concerning the extension of credit to Berg or the discounting of bills .
by that time the information [had] in the audited accounts would be so out of date that it would not reasonably be foreseen as the basis for a business judgment concerning the extension of credit to berg or the discounting of bills .

yet contained all our life .
yet [had] all our life .

Small scale studies indicate that households of this type are quite common , for example , for people of Pakistani origin living in Britain ( Anwar , 1985 ) and this is reflected in official statistics by evidence about the overall size of households : in 1985 , whilst less than one in ten white households contained more than four people , where people classified themselves as Pakistani , or Bangladeshi , just over 50 per cent of households were of that size ( Social Trends 1987 , p. 45 , table 2 .
small scale studies indicate that households of this type are quite common , for example , for people of pakistani origin living in britain ( anwar , 1985 ) and this is reflected in official statistics by evidence about the overall size of households : in 1985 , whilst less than one in ten white households [had] more than four people , where people classified themselves as pakistani , or bangladeshi , just over 50 per cent of households were of that size ( social trends 1987 , p. 45 , table 2 .

The picture is complicated by the existence at certain points in the past of a relatively large number of households which contained servants ; but people classified as servants could also be kin , for example older children of a family whose parents could not support them economically .
the picture is complicated by the existence at certain points in the past of a relatively large number of households which [had] servants ; but people classified as servants could also be kin , for example older children of a family whose parents could not support them economically .

If one takes simply the early industrial period , up to about 1820 , it is possible to show that almost one third of rural households contained servants , typically young people in their early teens who left home to spend about 10 to 15 years in service before marrying .
if one takes simply the early industrial period , up to about 1820 , it is possible to show that almost one third of rural households [had] servants , typically young people in their early teens who left home to spend about 10 to 15 years in service before marrying .

if practical services were being offered in only one direction , or if those services went beyond that which could be contained in normal , on-going reciprocal exchange .
if practical services were being offered in only one direction , or if those services went beyond that which could be [had] in normal , on-going reciprocal exchange .

Scanning the area with our glasses , we found a party of eider duck and were excited to see that the flock not only contained common and king eider , but a number of Steller 's eider , a ‘ new ’ bird for all of us , which breeds along the Siberian coast and into Alaska .
scanning the area with our glasses , we found a party of eider duck and were excited to see that the flock not only [had] common and king eider , but a number of steller 's eider , a ‘ new ’ bird for all of us , which breeds along the siberian coast and into alaska .

It was n't only the seeds of oats ; the cornfields usually contained quantities of weeds like chickweed , spurrey and charlock and it was on all these that the skylarks , twite and rock doves fattened up for the coming winter .
it was n't only the seeds of oats ; the cornfields usually [had] quantities of weeds like chickweed , spurrey and charlock and it was on all these that the skylarks , twite and rock doves fattened up for the coming winter .

When the corrugated surfaces contained only differential vertical perspective cues ( vertical disparities ) appropriate to infinity and 28-cm viewing , the average ratio of perceived depths in the two conditions was 1.7:1 .
when the corrugated surfaces [had] only differential vertical perspective cues ( vertical disparities ) appropriate to infinity and 28-cm viewing , the average ratio of perceived depths in the two conditions was 1.7:1 .

In contrast , when the corrugated surfaces contained only differential horizontal perspective cues , the average ratio of perceived depth was only 1.15:1 .
in contrast , when the corrugated surfaces [had] only differential horizontal perspective cues , the average ratio of perceived depth was only 1.15:1 .

The increase in gravity once the eruption had begun indicates less degassing and that the fractured region contained a high level of slow-moving volatile-poor magma .
the increase in gravity once the eruption had begun indicates less degassing and that the fractured region [had] a high level of slow-moving volatile-poor magma .

Calcium contained within intracellular stores is released to the cytosol when InsP 3 binds to its receptor ( Fig .
calcium [had] within intracellular stores is released to the cytosol when insp 3 binds to its receptor ( fig .

The system was the last shadow of the original shield in space , pursued partly because it contained exciting high technology , partly because it might possibly offer some worthwhile advantages , and partly because it could be used to show that Mr Bush had not turned his back on Mr Reagan 's dream .
the system was the last shadow of the original shield in space , pursued partly because it [had] exciting high technology , partly because it might possibly offer some worthwhile advantages , and partly because it could be used to show that mr bush had not turned his back on mr reagan 's dream .

One contained the tomb of one of Bosnia 's most famous sons , Serhad Pasha Sokolovic , a Christian convert to Islam who became Suleiman the Magnificent 's grand vizier .
one [had] the tomb of one of bosnia 's most famous sons , serhad pasha sokolovic , a christian convert to islam who became suleiman the magnificent 's grand vizier .

’ He envisages a none-too-distant future in which information of every kind will be delivered , via fibre-optic cable and wire-less networks , to tiny computers contained in telephones , fax machines , photocopiers , television sets , printers and ‘ personal digital assistants ’ ( PDAs — wallet-sized combinations of electronic notebook , fax and cell-phone ) .
’ he envisages a none-too-distant future in which information of every kind will be delivered , via fibre-optic cable and wire-less networks , to tiny computers [had] in telephones , fax machines , photocopiers , television sets , printers and ‘ personal digital assistants ’ ( pdas — wallet-sized combinations of electronic notebook , fax and cell-phone ) .

The other two sections of the prison also contained barracks , but many of the long-term prisoners lived in blocks of single cells .
the other two sections of the prison also [had] barracks , but many of the long-term prisoners lived in blocks of single cells .

Not by history alone , in other words , would one come to the firm description of a Council , and its relationship to the Roman Pontiff , that is contained in the 1983 Code of Canon Law .
not by history alone , in other words , would one come to the firm description of a council , and its relationship to the roman pontiff , that is [had] in the 1983 code of canon law .

The London Tablet protested that one press release contained fifteen ‘ condemns ’ in twenty-four pages despite the tenor of Pope John 's opening address .
the london tablet protested that one press release [had] fifteen ‘ condemns ’ in twenty-four pages despite the tenor of pope john 's opening address .

In general , the classical perspective contained a peculiarly narrow view of what it actually is that controls human behaviour .
in general , the classical perspective [had] a peculiarly narrow view of what it actually is that controls human behaviour .

The best that we seem to be able to say is that biological and psychological categories have tended to contain only a very small minority of offenders ( as well as a significant proportion of non-offenders ) , while sociological categories have contained a large majority of non-offenders ( and by no means all offenders ) .
the best that we seem to be able to say is that biological and psychological categories have tended to contain only a very small minority of offenders ( as well as a significant proportion of non-offenders ) , while sociological categories have [had] a large majority of non-offenders ( and by no means all offenders ) .

Being a man of contained emotion , Charlie Estabrook had little patience with the theatre .
being a man of [had] emotion , charlie estabrook had little patience with the theatre .

The more coherent passages contained enough hints to keep Gentle from sleep , however .
the more coherent passages [had] enough hints to keep gentle from sleep , however .

He had no clues to its mystery but those contained in Chant 's letter , and after a hundred readings they were exhausted .
he had no clues to its mystery but those [had] in chant 's letter , and after a hundred readings they were exhausted .

Useful advice to the heads is contained in a report by Michael Hay and Karl Spencer of the London Business School .
useful advice to the heads is [had] in a report by michael hay and karl spencer of the london business school .

Shoving his hands into the pockets of his overcoat he felt the little box that contained the tie pin .
shoving his hands into the pockets of his overcoat he felt the little box that [had] the tie pin .

Across a range of questions , the pattern was consistent : the first set contained the largest proportion of students who became less honest ; next came the second set ; honourably in the rear were the astronomers , with the smallest proportion of students who became less honest .
across a range of questions , the pattern was consistent : the first set [had] the largest proportion of students who became less honest ; next came the second set ; honourably in the rear were the astronomers , with the smallest proportion of students who became less honest .

How can opposition to reform be contained in other countries if it is so strong in more successful Poland ?
how can opposition to reform be [had] in other countries if it is so strong in more successful poland ?

The 1975 Act contained various provisions to limit parental rights , the effects of which were to increase the likelihood of parents losing touch with their children and to encourage quasi-adoptive fostering exclusive of natural parents , while no extra community resources were provided to prevent children having to leave their parents at all .
the 1975 act [had] various provisions to limit parental rights , the effects of which were to increase the likelihood of parents losing touch with their children and to encourage quasi-adoptive fostering exclusive of natural parents , while no extra community resources were provided to prevent children having to leave their parents at all .

The role of women from the 1950s on contained an inherent contradiction , he suggests , a contradiction between what have been termed ‘ the ideologies of consumption and domesticity ’ .
the role of women from the 1950s on [had] an inherent contradiction , he suggests , a contradiction between what have been termed ‘ the ideologies of consumption and domesticity ’ .

It contained a 15-second sequence of copulation , and shots of male and female masturbation .
it [had] a 15-second sequence of copulation , and shots of male and female masturbation .

It contained a poem by James Kirkup entitled ‘ The Love That Dares to Speak Its Name ’ .
it [had] a poem by james kirkup entitled ‘ the love that dares to speak its name ’ .

The ‘ radical theology ’ contained in the book formed the basis of the movement called ‘ situational ethics ’ which proposed that ‘ our moral decisions must be guided by the actual relationships between the persons concerned at a particular time in a particular situation , and compassion for persons overrides all law .
the ‘ radical theology ’ [had] in the book formed the basis of the movement called ‘ situational ethics ’ which proposed that ‘ our moral decisions must be guided by the actual relationships between the persons concerned at a particular time in a particular situation , and compassion for persons overrides all law .

The balanced and reasonable manner in which the Report was written and presented , produced on the whole the same characteristics in the media coverage of the proposals it contained .
the balanced and reasonable manner in which the report was written and presented , produced on the whole the same characteristics in the media coverage of the proposals it [had] .

Firstly , he points to the recommendations contained in the Wolfenden Report and argues that if society were not able to pronounce homosexuality morally wrong , then there would be no basis for a law which aims to protect youth from ‘ corruption ’ , or for punishing men who live off the earnings of a homosexual prostitute .
firstly , he points to the recommendations [had] in the wolfenden report and argues that if society were not able to pronounce homosexuality morally wrong , then there would be no basis for a law which aims to protect youth from ‘ corruption ’ , or for punishing men who live off the earnings of a homosexual prostitute .

Each contained fifteen megatons of high explosive .
each [had] fifteen megatons of high explosive .

The results were negative as they had known they would be : Dr Wickram had been positive that they contained no timing devices .
the results were negative as they had known they would be : dr wickram had been positive that they [had] no timing devices .

It contained the ship 's papers and ship 's log , nothing more .
it [had] the ship 's papers and ship 's log , nothing more .

At some point , if the side-effects can not be contained , and bad feeling continues to mount , people begin to resort to another mechanism of self-defence .
at some point , if the side-effects can not be [had] , and bad feeling continues to mount , people begin to resort to another mechanism of self-defence .

To counteract the spread of this blight , and to keep it contained , people often report on the importance of having another life outside school .
to counteract the spread of this blight , and to keep it [had] , people often report on the importance of having another life outside school .

Among the half century of steam locomotive development contained in the working locomotives going through their paces — subject to availability — will be a rear Yugoslavian ‘ Yankee Tank ’ rescued from the newly independent republic of Slovenia just hours before the start of the bitter civil war which is tragically still raging .
among the half century of steam locomotive development [had] in the working locomotives going through their paces — subject to availability — will be a rear yugoslavian ‘ yankee tank ’ rescued from the newly independent republic of slovenia just hours before the start of the bitter civil war which is tragically still raging .

It contained his collection of singles and EPs from the early 1960s : the Beatles , the Rolling Stones , Cliff Richard .
it [had] his collection of singles and eps from the early 1960s : the beatles , the rolling stones , cliff richard .

It was a sturdy affair that had once contained twelve bottles of South African sherry .
it was a sturdy affair that had once [had] twelve bottles of south african sherry .

Technically , in fact , he owned a majority share of the treasury as well since most of the money it contained was his .
technically , in fact , he owned a majority share of the treasury as well since most of the money it [had] was his .

In April 1102 the pope still spoke of homage and investiture in equally uncompromising terms , but by the end of the year a change of emphasis is observable . In December his reply to a new mission from the king and archbishop contained no mention of homage , and this omission was balanced by unusual violence in the condemnation of lay investiture :
in april 1102 the pope still spoke of homage and investiture in equally uncompromising terms , but by the end of the year a change of emphasis is observable . in december his reply to a new mission from the king and archbishop [had] no mention of homage , and this omission was balanced by unusual violence in the condemnation of lay investiture :

The violent metaphors which formerly had been freely used were absent , and the letter contained a suggestion that it was Anselm himself who had been going too far :
the violent metaphors which formerly had been freely used were absent , and the letter [had] a suggestion that it was anselm himself who had been going too far :

The king 's continued absence in Normandy prevented the public promulgation of the settlement for another year till August 1107 , but the final settlement contained no surprises : it followed the terms of the papal letter of fifteen months earlier .
the king 's continued absence in normandy prevented the public promulgation of the settlement for another year till august 1107 , but the final settlement [had] no surprises : it followed the terms of the papal letter of fifteen months earlier .

Even the ruined library still contained many texts which were witnesses to a local tradition of artistic skill , showing a consuming interest in miraculous happenings and that curious mixture of vernacular and Latin literacy which were all characteristic of late Anglo-Saxon culture .
even the ruined library still [had] many texts which were witnesses to a local tradition of artistic skill , showing a consuming interest in miraculous happenings and that curious mixture of vernacular and latin literacy which were all characteristic of late anglo-saxon culture .

Lanfranc 's personal success in 1072 contained and concealed the roots of a permanent failure .
lanfranc 's personal success in 1072 [had] and concealed the roots of a permanent failure .

Why did he not quote the decisive passages which they contained ?
why did he not quote the decisive passages which they [had] ?

But it would have been useless to produce the documents in Rome , for they contained no decisive evidence in favour of the primacy .
but it would have been useless to produce the documents in rome , for they [had] no decisive evidence in favour of the primacy .

Or it may be argued that the documents contained the forged additions , but Ralph was silent because he knew they were forgeries .
or it may be argued that the documents [had] the forged additions , but ralph was silent because he knew they were forgeries .

The basket on her arm contained assorted shoes , soft satin slippers , pumps of French calf as well as stout leather shoes for walking .
the basket on her arm [had] assorted shoes , soft satin slippers , pumps of french calf as well as stout leather shoes for walking .

An examination of twelve tiny samples of paint from the area of the coat revealed that the binding agent used in the red layer contained a sizeable amount of natural resins , unlike the linseed base used in pigment on the rest of the work .
an examination of twelve tiny samples of paint from the area of the coat revealed that the binding agent used in the red layer [had] a sizeable amount of natural resins , unlike the linseed base used in pigment on the rest of the work .

Provisions in the General Revenue Act of 1992 to make deductible against tax the current value of both tangible and intangible property donated to a non-profit organisation ( for example , a painting to a museum or shares to a hospital ) rather than their value at acquisition failed along with the whole bill when it was vetoed by President Bush last month because it contained forty tax increases .
provisions in the general revenue act of 1992 to make deductible against tax the current value of both tangible and intangible property donated to a non-profit organisation ( for example , a painting to a museum or shares to a hospital ) rather than their value at acquisition failed along with the whole bill when it was vetoed by president bush last month because it [had] forty tax increases .

Crusoe 's fabled isle contained all he needed to sustain life — given , that is , that he had rescued so much of use from the wreck , not forgetting a Bible ; and Defoe 's most compelling point was that the island is a self-sufficient place to anyone who can bring courage to the task of living in it , along with an inherited faith and a few tools .
crusoe 's fabled isle [had] all he needed to sustain life — given , that is , that he had rescued so much of use from the wreck , not forgetting a bible ; and defoe 's most compelling point was that the island is a self-sufficient place to anyone who can bring courage to the task of living in it , along with an inherited faith and a few tools .

Most of the private members ' old age pension bills that had been submitted to Parliament prior to 1908 had contained income-limit clauses ; but by the early 1920s , stimulated partly by the 1919 Ryland Adkins Committee 's publicizing of the problem , increasing concern was being voiced over whether means-testing would discourage saving for old age .
most of the private members ' old age pension bills that had been submitted to parliament prior to 1908 had [had] income-limit clauses ; but by the early 1920s , stimulated partly by the 1919 ryland adkins committee 's publicizing of the problem , increasing concern was being voiced over whether means-testing would discourage saving for old age .

Their organizations , and those of the labour movement , trod the tightrope of the central dilemma contained in the notion of retirement — that old age should be , on the one hand , a period of dignified leisure , adequately financed by the state as a reward for a lifetime of work , and yet , on the other , a phase in which the freedom to participate in economic life was not denied .
their organizations , and those of the labour movement , trod the tightrope of the central dilemma [had] in the notion of retirement — that old age should be , on the one hand , a period of dignified leisure , adequately financed by the state as a reward for a lifetime of work , and yet , on the other , a phase in which the freedom to participate in economic life was not denied .

The Labour Party 's manifestos at the last two general elections contained proposals to lower the main retirement age .
the labour party 's manifestos at the last two general elections [had] proposals to lower the main retirement age .

Information contained will not be released to any source .
information [had] will not be released to any source .

It would be obvious even from where she sat that the sheet contained lines of an unfinished poem , disfigured with scoring and the scribbles of frustration .
it would be obvious even from where she sat that the sheet [had] lines of an unfinished poem , disfigured with scoring and the scribbles of frustration .

It reawakened his curiosity , the fact that Blackbeard had been willing to hand them all over for getting back a wallet that otherwise contained only a letter .
it reawakened his curiosity , the fact that blackbeard had been willing to hand them all over for getting back a wallet that otherwise [had] only a letter .

Dolly perked up when he brought it , because the tray contained two cups , together with the pot itself .
dolly perked up when he brought it , because the tray [had] two cups , together with the pot itself .

Late in 1950 the French Minister of Agriculture , Pierre Pflimlin , announced at the Council of Europe — and proposed later in March 1951 to the non-member states of Austria , Portugal and Switzerland — something which amounted to a second Schuman Plan , in that it contained similar ultimate objectives : a common market directed by supranational institutions .
late in 1950 the french minister of agriculture , pierre pflimlin , announced at the council of europe — and proposed later in march 1951 to the non-member states of austria , portugal and switzerland — something which amounted to a second schuman plan , in that it [had] similar ultimate objectives : a common market directed by supranational institutions .

The case contained only his sandwich box and his thermos flask of coffee .
the case [had] only his sandwich box and his thermos flask of coffee .

Lively recordings of the texts and tape-based exercises in the Student 's Books are contained on the Cassettes .
lively recordings of the texts and tape-based exercises in the student 's books are [had] on the cassettes .

This book is the result of 25 years of research , which shows in the amount of information contained in the text .
this book is the result of 25 years of research , which shows in the amount of information [had] in the text .

The arguments contained in The Case for the Oppressed Africans ( 1783 ) issued by the Friends in advocacy of abolition set useful signposts to the general lines of persuasion adopted for the following twenty years .
the arguments [had] in the case for the oppressed africans ( 1783 ) issued by the friends in advocacy of abolition set useful signposts to the general lines of persuasion adopted for the following twenty years .

Though chaired by the latitudinarian Anglican , and radical , manufacturer Thomas Walker , it contained a number of Rational Dissenters in the professions — lawyers and doctors — several of whom had an intellectual bent and were active in the discussions of the Manchester Literary and Philosophical Society , a significant regional conduit for Enlightenment thinking .
though chaired by the latitudinarian anglican , and radical , manufacturer thomas walker , it [had] a number of rational dissenters in the professions — lawyers and doctors — several of whom had an intellectual bent and were active in the discussions of the manchester literary and philosophical society , a significant regional conduit for enlightenment thinking .

The need for metropolitan government intervention of a swift and direct kind and its ideological justification were contained in this moral and political marginalisation of the West Indians .
the need for metropolitan government intervention of a swift and direct kind and its ideological justification were [had] in this moral and political marginalisation of the west indians .

In addition the upper house seems to have contained a little over thirty peers with West Indian connections in the crucial dozen years after 1821 .
in addition the upper house seems to have [had] a little over thirty peers with west indian connections in the crucial dozen years after 1821 .

Some of the county meetings which originated the petitions contained ‘ popular ’ elements .
some of the county meetings which originated the petitions [had] ‘ popular ’ elements .

Of the remaining 471 area petitions a number contained signatures from several places ; 542 places in all petitioned in 1792 .
of the remaining 471 area petitions a number [had] signatures from several places ; 542 places in all petitioned in 1792 .

And it is itself always also paradoxical , for it discloses what can not be scaled down to be contained , proved , measured , demonstrated or explained within the framework of finite human reasoning .
and it is itself always also paradoxical , for it discloses what can not be scaled down to be [had] , proved , measured , demonstrated or explained within the framework of finite human reasoning .

This was the basis of the position which Barth presented with particular volcanic power in the second edition of his Romans ; but it contained another central element as well .
this was the basis of the position which barth presented with particular volcanic power in the second edition of his romans ; but it [had] another central element as well .

But all this is contained in a framework which , in its clarity and essential simplicity , has reminded many commentators of Barth 's passionate fondness for Mozart .
but all this is [had] in a framework which , in its clarity and essential simplicity , has reminded many commentators of barth 's passionate fondness for mozart .

This consists of strips of glass fibre or mineral wool insulation , contained in plastic tubes , and is simply tied in place around the outside of the cylinder .
this consists of strips of glass fibre or mineral wool insulation , [had] in plastic tubes , and is simply tied in place around the outside of the cylinder .

They contained articles by a variety of writers ( including politicians , and teachers ) each of whom had one common aim and purpose — to show that progressive methods in both primary and secondary schools were ‘ selling children short ’ and so contributing to the general permissiveness which ( they said ) was undermining the traditions of British society .
they [had] articles by a variety of writers ( including politicians , and teachers ) each of whom had one common aim and purpose — to show that progressive methods in both primary and secondary schools were ‘ selling children short ’ and so contributing to the general permissiveness which ( they said ) was undermining the traditions of british society .

It also contained the following findings :
it also [had] the following findings :

If , for example , the bulk of the academic element is contained in the first two years of a course , then the second two can be devoted to developing teaching strategies .
if , for example , the bulk of the academic element is [had] in the first two years of a course , then the second two can be devoted to developing teaching strategies .

Communication with the customer/user takes the form of operating instructions which are contained in an instruction book .
communication with the customer/user takes the form of operating instructions which are [had] in an instruction book .

Knowledge is contained in documents which may vary from single sheet presentations to large manuals .
knowledge is [had] in documents which may vary from single sheet presentations to large manuals .

More details of all these skills are contained in Table 2.1 .
more details of all these skills are [had] in table 2.1 .

This was called a branching programme as distinct from a linear programme which contained no loops .
this was called a branching programme as distinct from a linear programme which [had] no loops .

The wondrous feast that Constant Drachenfels placed before them contained paralysing poisons , and after the first mouthful none of the guests could move .
the wondrous feast that constant drachenfels placed before them [had] paralysing poisons , and after the first mouthful none of the guests could move .

Some indication of the disparities to be explained is contained in Table 2.1 .
some indication of the disparities to be explained is [had] in table 2.1 .

Although the ceremonies contained in the Directory of Public Worship remained the official liturgy of the English church throughout the period from 1645 to the Restoration , few English parishes appear to have welcomed them with any enthusiasm , and all over the country clergymen continued to conduct services based substantially on the old Book of Common Prayer .
although the ceremonies [had] in the directory of public worship remained the official liturgy of the english church throughout the period from 1645 to the restoration , few english parishes appear to have welcomed them with any enthusiasm , and all over the country clergymen continued to conduct services based substantially on the old book of common prayer .

In the months following the end of the civil war , parliament 's New Model Army , which contained large numbers of soldiers who had rejected the Presbyterian establishment in favour of greater religious toleration , grew steadily more and more disenchanted with its masters .
in the months following the end of the civil war , parliament 's new model army , which [had] large numbers of soldiers who had rejected the presbyterian establishment in favour of greater religious toleration , grew steadily more and more disenchanted with its masters .

In 1539 , he supported , and perhaps even initiated , a parliamentary Bill which contained a Catholic statement on six central points of doctrine .
in 1539 , he supported , and perhaps even initiated , a parliamentary bill which [had] a catholic statement on six central points of doctrine .

’ In addition , the Prayer Book include a communion rubric , known as the Black Rubric , which contained an explicit denial of the real presence ; it stated that the bread and wine ‘ remain still in their very natural substances ’ , and that kneeling to receive communion did not signify that ‘ any adoration is done or meant to be done ’ .
’ in addition , the prayer book include a communion rubric , known as the black rubric , which [had] an explicit denial of the real presence ; it stated that the bread and wine ‘ remain still in their very natural substances ’ , and that kneeling to receive communion did not signify that ‘ any adoration is done or meant to be done ’ .

While accepting that Roman Catholicism contained many errors and abuses , they denied that the pope was the Antichrist and that it was impossible for Catholics to attain salvation .
while accepting that roman catholicism [had] many errors and abuses , they denied that the pope was the antichrist and that it was impossible for catholics to attain salvation .

The researches of Robert Whiting into the impact of the official reformation on the people of Devon and Cornwall have revealed that even in this conservative part of the country , where attachment to Catholic ritual had been particularly strong , statues of the saints began to disappear from churches soon after their condemnation by the Henrician injunctions , and within a short space of time the wills of the laity contained fewer references to images or intercessory masses .
the researches of robert whiting into the impact of the official reformation on the people of devon and cornwall have revealed that even in this conservative part of the country , where attachment to catholic ritual had been particularly strong , statues of the saints began to disappear from churches soon after their condemnation by the henrician injunctions , and within a short space of time the wills of the laity [had] fewer references to images or intercessory masses .

They may , however , have contained within their ranks a higher than average representation of women , and historians have recently begun to recognize the importance of mothers as transmitters of Puritan values from one generation to the next .
they may , however , have [had] within their ranks a higher than average representation of women , and historians have recently begun to recognize the importance of mothers as transmitters of puritan values from one generation to the next .

The army was raised by conscription from all the countries of the empire and thus contained 11 different nationalities , with an even greater number of languages and several different religions .
the army was raised by conscription from all the countries of the empire and thus [had] 11 different nationalities , with an even greater number of languages and several different religions .

The German submarine offensive in the first 18 months of the war was largely contained .
the german submarine offensive in the first 18 months of the war was largely [had] .

Although the Austrian and Hungarian armies were ethnically very mixed and contained Germans , Magyars , Poles and even Italians , there were very few Czech , Slovene and Ruthenian regiments on the Russian Front .
although the austrian and hungarian armies were ethnically very mixed and [had] germans , magyars , poles and even italians , there were very few czech , slovene and ruthenian regiments on the russian front .

This universe contained no matter but intelligent and free spirits : free to choose and free to love .
this universe [had] no matter but intelligent and free spirits : free to choose and free to love .

Despite the fall , the human race still contained the dim image of God within it .
despite the fall , the human race still [had] the dim image of god within it .

When Nicolae Ceauşescu first arrived in the city , Bucharest contained a dazzling array of buildings of all styles : examples of its older Balkan heritage could be found side by side with grandiose business palaces in the style of Central Europe 's Griinderjahre of the 1870s , with Art Deco and Cubist designs around the corner .
when nicolae ceauşescu first arrived in the city , bucharest [had] a dazzling array of buildings of all styles : examples of its older balkan heritage could be found side by side with grandiose business palaces in the style of central europe 's griinderjahre of the 1870s , with art deco and cubist designs around the corner .

Perhaps had the Ceauşescus ruled over a larger state their megalomania might have been more comfortably contained , but trapped inside little Romania it began to consume the whole nation and to penetrate into every area of life , even its most intimate secrets .
perhaps had the ceauşescus ruled over a larger state their megalomania might have been more comfortably [had] , but trapped inside little romania it began to consume the whole nation and to penetrate into every area of life , even its most intimate secrets .

It contained a comprehensive survey of the world 's countries and their populations and referred to earlier missionary endeavours .
it [had] a comprehensive survey of the world 's countries and their populations and referred to earlier missionary endeavours .

( The active heat of small children , for instance , is best contained in a house of robust furnishings rather than delicate antiques ! )
( the active heat of small children , for instance , is best [had] in a house of robust furnishings rather than delicate antiques ! )

They said that it was of himself and that the parcel contained a gun which had been taken to pieces so that he could carry it inconspicuously .
they said that it was of himself and that the parcel [had] a gun which had been taken to pieces so that he could carry it inconspicuously .

They refused to allow him to examine his sister 's file except to show him that it contained a photograph of her .
they refused to allow him to examine his sister 's file except to show him that it [had] a photograph of her .

The February 1974 general election contained one incident reminiscent of the Zinoviev letter episode .
the february 1974 general election [had] one incident reminiscent of the zinoviev letter episode .

The motor car which contained the bomb had been stolen in York Street which is frequented by both political communities .
the motor car which [had] the bomb had been stolen in york street which is frequented by both political communities .

6.2 Notwithstanding any provisions herein contained this Agreement may be terminated forthwith by either party by notice in writing from the party not at fault if any of the following events shall occur , ie :
6.2 notwithstanding any provisions herein [had] this agreement may be terminated forthwith by either party by notice in writing from the party not at fault if any of the following events shall occur , ie :

13.1 does not warrant that the Licensed Software will be error-free but if any copy of the Licensed Software is demonstrated to within 90 ( ninety ) days from the date of delivery to the end user to contain or have contained an error or malfunction , shall use all reasonable endeavours to correct such error or malfunction , or , as its option , to replace such copy of the Licensed Software free of charge , provided that :
13.1 does not warrant that the licensed software will be error-free but if any copy of the licensed software is demonstrated to within 90 ( ninety ) days from the date of delivery to the end user to contain or have [had] an error or malfunction , shall use all reasonable endeavours to correct such error or malfunction , or , as its option , to replace such copy of the licensed software free of charge , provided that :

21.1 In the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .
21.1 in the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions [had] in this agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .

Program means the computer Program contained in this package together with all codes , techniques , formats , designs , concepts , methods and ideas associated with the computer Program .
program means the computer program [had] in this package together with all codes , techniques , formats , designs , concepts , methods and ideas associated with the computer program .

The term also includes all copies of any part of the software as well as the User 's Guide contained in this package .
the term also includes all copies of any part of the software as well as the user 's guide [had] in this package .

3.1 Signature of this Agreement will bind the Parties on whose behalf the signatures have been appended to form a Consortium within the meaning contained in the Framework .
3.1 signature of this agreement will bind the parties on whose behalf the signatures have been appended to form a consortium within the meaning [had] in the framework .

The Project Manager will be responsible for calling regular meetings of both committees and ensuring that their business is properly minuted and that the information and decisions contained in such minutes are disseminated in ways considered appropriate by the Project Committee .
the project manager will be responsible for calling regular meetings of both committees and ensuring that their business is properly minuted and that the information and decisions [had] in such minutes are disseminated in ways considered appropriate by the project committee .

Herein are contained significant elements of the dominant nineteenth-century ideology of local government-depoliticisation , economy and utilitarianism — around a limited conception of municipal enterprise that bore few traces of the brand of municipal socialism forced onto the political agenda by the labour group .
herein are [had] significant elements of the dominant nineteenth-century ideology of local government-depoliticisation , economy and utilitarianism — around a limited conception of municipal enterprise that bore few traces of the brand of municipal socialism forced onto the political agenda by the labour group .

In the course of 1921 the programmes of Labour and the Alliance contained nothing that was new .
in the course of 1921 the programmes of labour and the alliance [had] nothing that was new .

The early popularity of the woodcut may be judged by the fact that , as early as 1493 , the Nuremberg Chronicle , a history of the world to 1492 , contained 1,809 cuts — 645 different and 1,164 repeats .
the early popularity of the woodcut may be judged by the fact that , as early as 1493 , the nuremberg chronicle , a history of the world to 1492 , [had] 1,809 cuts — 645 different and 1,164 repeats .

It contained eighty-seven woodcut illustrations after Edward Burr e-Jones and woodcut borders and initials by Morris himself .
it [had] eighty-seven woodcut illustrations after edward burr e-jones and woodcut borders and initials by morris himself .

It contained , as well as the magnificent borders , twenty-five small miniatures , often up to half a page in height , and eleven full-page miniatures .
it [had] , as well as the magnificent borders , twenty-five small miniatures , often up to half a page in height , and eleven full-page miniatures .

It contained twenty-two large initials with elaborate borders and a number historiated ; fourteen fully historiated borders ; forty-eight small miniatures ; and fifteen full-page miniatures .
it [had] twenty-two large initials with elaborate borders and a number historiated ; fourteen fully historiated borders ; forty-eight small miniatures ; and fifteen full-page miniatures .

New movements of student protest , militant trade unionism , and urban struggles drew their inspiration from a distinctively intellectual Western Marxism contained in the writings of Gramsci , the Frankfurt School and Sartre .
new movements of student protest , militant trade unionism , and urban struggles drew their inspiration from a distinctively intellectual western marxism [had] in the writings of gramsci , the frankfurt school and sartre .

Mosley resigned from the Labour government in 1930 as a result of the Cabinet turning down his reflationary programme contained in the Mosley Memorandum .
mosley resigned from the labour government in 1930 as a result of the cabinet turning down his reflationary programme [had] in the mosley memorandum .

This contained two main elements : a reasoned attack on conventional economic policy in the 1920s , and a growing questioning of the philosophical basis of government and society .
this [had] two main elements : a reasoned attack on conventional economic policy in the 1920s , and a growing questioning of the philosophical basis of government and society .

The logic of such views naturally contained a number of contradictions .
the logic of such views naturally [had] a number of contradictions .

The quality of the conceptualization of his thought was low , but the garrulous style of The Fascist and his pamphlets contained an implicit if dimly perceived racial philosophy which linked Leese to this tradition .
the quality of the conceptualization of his thought was low , but the garrulous style of the fascist and his pamphlets [had] an implicit if dimly perceived racial philosophy which linked leese to this tradition .

Peter Farrier , then hospital administrator , refuted the allegations commenting that the article contained ‘ many untruths , gross distortions of fact and lack of understanding of the care of the severely mentally ill ’ .
peter farrier , then hospital administrator , refuted the allegations commenting that the article [had] ‘ many untruths , gross distortions of fact and lack of understanding of the care of the severely mentally ill ’ .

In its verdict , the court found that ‘ the content of Suh Kyung-won 's conversation with the North Korean leader Kim Il-sung does not appear to have contained what could be called top secrets vital to national security .
in its verdict , the court found that ‘ the content of suh kyung-won 's conversation with the north korean leader kim il-sung does not appear to have [had] what could be called top secrets vital to national security .

Edited by Richard Evans , who oversees some of the world 's greatest tennis tournaments , the book offers a bird 's eye view of the Tour , not least because of some of the superb colour photography contained within it .
edited by richard evans , who oversees some of the world 's greatest tennis tournaments , the book offers a bird 's eye view of the tour , not least because of some of the superb colour photography [had] within it .

It contained almost exclusively American names and addresses .
it [had] almost exclusively american names and addresses .

The bottom one contained bedlinen and towels , the next sweaters and blouses , the top one underwear .
the bottom one [had] bedlinen and towels , the next sweaters and blouses , the top one underwear .

The other little drawer contained a jumble of trinkets and keepsakes ; some , like the pearl drop on a gold chain , were valuable ; others , like a battered old Mickey Mouse pencil-sharpener , must have had sentimental value .
the other little drawer [had] a jumble of trinkets and keepsakes ; some , like the pearl drop on a gold chain , were valuable ; others , like a battered old mickey mouse pencil-sharpener , must have had sentimental value .

The government possessed the considerable gold and silver reserves of the Bank of Spain , while its territory contained Spain 's chief industrial regions , notably the Basque coastal region with its iron , steel and armaments industry , and produced important export crops such as citrus fruits and olive oil .
the government possessed the considerable gold and silver reserves of the bank of spain , while its territory [had] spain 's chief industrial regions , notably the basque coastal region with its iron , steel and armaments industry , and produced important export crops such as citrus fruits and olive oil .

He slipped the catch and saw that it contained an assortment of old prayer books , missals , devotional pamphlets , and a pile of booklets about the history of the church .
he slipped the catch and saw that it [had] an assortment of old prayer books , missals , devotional pamphlets , and a pile of booklets about the history of the church .

Opening the cupboard he saw that it contained a collection of unmatched crockery and two folded clean tea towels , both dry , and on the bottom shelf an assortment of flower vases and a battered cane basket containing folded dusters , and tins of metal and furniture polish .
opening the cupboard he saw that it [had] a collection of unmatched crockery and two folded clean tea towels , both dry , and on the bottom shelf an assortment of flower vases and a battered cane basket containing folded dusters , and tins of metal and furniture polish .

The papers to which he had referred , and which he kept in a tin box underneath his bed , contained an unexpected coda to this small adventure — an unfortunate little postscript which reminded me how Captain Scott must have felt when he reached the South Pole only to find that Amundsen had beaten him to it .
the papers to which he had referred , and which he kept in a tin box underneath his bed , [had] an unexpected coda to this small adventure — an unfortunate little postscript which reminded me how captain scott must have felt when he reached the south pole only to find that amundsen had beaten him to it .

The question of the uniqueness of the initial conditions is closely related to that of the arbitrariness of the local physical laws : One would not regard a theory as complete if it contained a number of adjustable parameters such as masses or coupling constants that could be given any values one liked .
the question of the uniqueness of the initial conditions is closely related to that of the arbitrariness of the local physical laws : one would not regard a theory as complete if it [had] a number of adjustable parameters such as masses or coupling constants that could be given any values one liked .

When the universe was a single point , like the North Pole , it contained nothing .
when the universe was a single point , like the north pole , it [had] nothing .

( That is , if those histories contained magazines . )
( that is , if those histories [had] magazines . )

Griffiths , for example , wanted decisive central government action to ensure that clear objectives and priorities were set , but no such central direction was contained in Caring for People and no mechanisms were devised by which the government could ensure that local planning and implementation were consistent with national priorities ; indeed , no such priorities were set .
griffiths , for example , wanted decisive central government action to ensure that clear objectives and priorities were set , but no such central direction was [had] in caring for people and no mechanisms were devised by which the government could ensure that local planning and implementation were consistent with national priorities ; indeed , no such priorities were set .

The smaller the unit , the shorter should be the stay inside it — there are very few patients who need to be contained within a locked unit of this kind for more than a few days .
the smaller the unit , the shorter should be the stay inside it — there are very few patients who need to be [had] within a locked unit of this kind for more than a few days .

Within the zone of space contained within the sight line , no construction or vegetable growth will be permitted over 500 mm high .
within the zone of space [had] within the sight line , no construction or vegetable growth will be permitted over 500 mm high .

One measure of the declining influence of the Soviet party was that at the last of three congresses several ruling parties ( the Yugoslav , Albanian , Chinese , Vietnamese and North Korean ) did not attend , and only sixty-one of the seventy-five parties present could be persuaded to sign the final communique without reservations although it made no reference to Soviet leadership of the movement and contained no explicit criticism of the Chinese .
one measure of the declining influence of the soviet party was that at the last of three congresses several ruling parties ( the yugoslav , albanian , chinese , vietnamese and north korean ) did not attend , and only sixty-one of the seventy-five parties present could be persuaded to sign the final communique without reservations although it made no reference to soviet leadership of the movement and [had] no explicit criticism of the chinese .

It contained its own ‘ internal antagonistic contradictions ’ , based on the exploitation of labour , and also contradictions as between the various capitalist countries , such as those between the less powerful capitalist states and transnational corporations , and between the United States , Western Europe and Japan .
it [had] its own ‘ internal antagonistic contradictions ’ , based on the exploitation of labour , and also contradictions as between the various capitalist countries , such as those between the less powerful capitalist states and transnational corporations , and between the united states , western europe and japan .

The Central Committee 's Theses , adopted shortly before the 19th Party Conference in 1988 , contained the first official criticism of Soviet foreign policy in the Brezhnev and Gromyko years , suggesting that there had been too much ‘ dogmatism ’ and ‘ subjectivism ’ at this time and that Soviet policy had lagged behind the important changes that were taking place in world affairs .
the central committee 's theses , adopted shortly before the 19th party conference in 1988 , [had] the first official criticism of soviet foreign policy in the brezhnev and gromyko years , suggesting that there had been too much ‘ dogmatism ’ and ‘ subjectivism ’ at this time and that soviet policy had lagged behind the important changes that were taking place in world affairs .

She unwrapped the parcel , and took out the mirror it contained .
she unwrapped the parcel , and took out the mirror it [had] .

These probably contained most of the wheat produced on the farm that year , and could catch fire at any moment .
these probably [had] most of the wheat produced on the farm that year , and could catch fire at any moment .

‘ Which contained … ? ’
‘ which [had] … ? ’

Just before dawn Sikes entered the room , carrying a bundle which contained the results of his night 's work .
just before dawn sikes entered the room , carrying a bundle which [had] the results of his night 's work .

Over the bath , which stood on four , clawed , brass feet and contained a puddle of grit-flecked water in which floated a small plastic submarine from a packet of cereal , was a large geyser , the exposed metal of which had turned green with the years .
over the bath , which stood on four , clawed , brass feet and [had] a puddle of grit-flecked water in which floated a small plastic submarine from a packet of cereal , was a large geyser , the exposed metal of which had turned green with the years .

The cup contained water with the faint peat-coloured addition of a little whisky .
the cup [had] water with the faint peat-coloured addition of a little whisky .

If the reports are not available , case books should be used for the cases contained in them .
if the reports are not available , case books should be used for the cases [had] in them .

Until 1940 these volumes contained the statutes passed during a particular session .
until 1940 these volumes [had] the statutes passed during a particular session .

Her ambitious trek to the distant city had been curtailed by protests from her overworked nervous system , crying for more of whatever the pink cans contained .
her ambitious trek to the distant city had been curtailed by protests from her overworked nervous system , crying for more of whatever the pink cans [had] .

Do you aim at the commode , or at the water contained therein ?
do you aim at the commode , or at the water [had] therein ?

’ He pulled the sides of the case apart and peered at the tobacco projectiles it contained , each one as potently dangerous as a Sam-7 .
’ he pulled the sides of the case apart and peered at the tobacco projectiles it [had] , each one as potently dangerous as a sam-7 .

Jakobson suggests that ‘ no lack of grammatical device in the language translated into makes impossible a literal translation of the entire conceptual information contained in the original ’ .
jakobson suggests that ‘ no lack of grammatical device in the language translated into makes impossible a literal translation of the entire conceptual information [had] in the original ’ .

Yet , the same Act subjected the bill of lading endorsee ‘ to the same liabilities in respect of such goods as if the Contract contained in the Bill of Lading had been made with himself .
yet , the same act subjected the bill of lading endorsee ‘ to the same liabilities in respect of such goods as if the contract [had] in the bill of lading had been made with himself .

As a statute that contained ‘ protector of the weak ’ features , the Harter Act became a precursor of contemporary consumer protection law .
as a statute that [had] ‘ protector of the weak ’ features , the harter act became a precursor of contemporary consumer protection law .

This new liability principle contained res ipsa loquitur provisions in accordance with which the carrier now had the burden of proving freedom from fault .
this new liability principle [had] res ipsa loquitur provisions in accordance with which the carrier now had the burden of proving freedom from fault .

Traditionally , the long form bill of lading contained all the clauses of the contract of affreightment including charges , fees and related costs .
traditionally , the long form bill of lading [had] all the clauses of the contract of affreightment including charges , fees and related costs .

The bills contained complex provisions to control the extent of the devolved powers .
the bills [had] complex provisions to control the extent of the devolved powers .

Holtermann 's analysis of data from the 1971 census using six indicators of inadequate housing showed that urban conurbations , particularly Clydeside and London , contained a disproportionate amount of inadequate housing .
holtermann 's analysis of data from the 1971 census using six indicators of inadequate housing showed that urban conurbations , particularly clydeside and london , [had] a disproportionate amount of inadequate housing .

Moreover , a small proportion of census enumeration districts , mainly in the inner parts of the large cities , contained an even greater proportion of inadequate housing , as Table 3.17 shows .
moreover , a small proportion of census enumeration districts , mainly in the inner parts of the large cities , [had] an even greater proportion of inadequate housing , as table 3.17 shows .

The danger of criticizing the appointment of particular judges was shown when in June 1980 a Belfast jury awarded £50,000 damages to a Northern Ireland county court judge for a libel contained in an article in the Economist suggesting that his appointment had been based , as The Times put it in a leading article , not so much on his ability but on the fact that he was a Roman Catholic .
the danger of criticizing the appointment of particular judges was shown when in june 1980 a belfast jury awarded £50,000 damages to a northern ireland county court judge for a libel [had] in an article in the economist suggesting that his appointment had been based , as the times put it in a leading article , not so much on his ability but on the fact that he was a roman catholic .

The Home Secretary rejected any suggestion that the methods authorized for interrogation contained any element of cruelty but he appointed three Privy Councillors to consider those methods .
the home secretary rejected any suggestion that the methods authorized for interrogation [had] any element of cruelty but he appointed three privy councillors to consider those methods .

But this commercial peg : ‘ All industry knows that to please the teenagers is the golden way to big dividends ’ , contained all manner of occluded and contradictory messages .
but this commercial peg : ‘ all industry knows that to please the teenagers is the golden way to big dividends ’ , [had] all manner of occluded and contradictory messages .

Then he peered through his spectacles at a sheaf of papers on his desk , turning the pages one by one , studying the information they contained .
then he peered through his spectacles at a sheaf of papers on his desk , turning the pages one by one , studying the information they [had] .

Recent changes in large household sizes have been even more spectacular — in 1971 6 per cent of households contained six or more persons : by 1985 , this figure had fallen to 2 per cent ( General Household Survey 1985 , 1987 , Table 3.11 ) .
recent changes in large household sizes have been even more spectacular — in 1971 6 per cent of households [had] six or more persons : by 1985 , this figure had fallen to 2 per cent ( general household survey 1985 , 1987 , table 3.11 ) .

Whereas the four regions of the South together gained 449 000 extra jobs between 1983 and 1986 , the six other regions combined managed a net increase of only 83 000 jobs and in 1986 contained 1.37 million , or 12 per cent , fewer jobs than in 1979 ( table 8.1 ) .
whereas the four regions of the south together gained 449 000 extra jobs between 1983 and 1986 , the six other regions combined managed a net increase of only 83 000 jobs and in 1986 [had] 1.37 million , or 12 per cent , fewer jobs than in 1979 ( table 8.1 ) .

Hence the likelihood that his diaries would have contained material of a secret nature which needed to be suppressed by legal and governmental intervention was from the outset slight .
hence the likelihood that his diaries would have [had] material of a secret nature which needed to be suppressed by legal and governmental intervention was from the outset slight .

And then the great day itself — June Two Two , as they called it — it was as if the excitement could no longer be contained .
and then the great day itself — june two two , as they called it — it was as if the excitement could no longer be [had] .

Unfolding the letter , Beth swiftly ran her dark eyes over it . Satisfied that it contained nothing which might distress the girl , she read aloud :
unfolding the letter , beth swiftly ran her dark eyes over it . satisfied that it [had] nothing which might distress the girl , she read aloud :

Once his horizons were limited largely to his own parish boundary and the village community which was contained within it .
once his horizons were limited largely to his own parish boundary and the village community which was [had] within it .

The village contained only two resident children .
the village [had] only two resident children .

On the other hand the open villages , because they attracted the surplus labour force , contained workers on depressed wages who could ill afford rents which would make housing improvements profitable .
on the other hand the open villages , because they attracted the surplus labour force , [had] workers on depressed wages who could ill afford rents which would make housing improvements profitable .

Adam appeared in the distance ; he hurried through the bar , the summer salon , and the television room before he finally reached the privacy of Buzz 's office , which contained the only telephone that did not have extensions all over the chateau .
adam appeared in the distance ; he hurried through the bar , the summer salon , and the television room before he finally reached the privacy of buzz 's office , which [had] the only telephone that did not have extensions all over the chateau .

Adam swiftly read the titles , most of which contained romantic words like ‘ love ’ , ‘ heart ’ , ‘ arrow ’ , ‘ passionate ’ , ‘ fire ’ , ‘ dream ’ , ‘ kiss ’ , and ‘ enchanted ’ .
adam swiftly read the titles , most of which [had] romantic words like ‘ love ’ , ‘ heart ’ , ‘ arrow ’ , ‘ passionate ’ , ‘ fire ’ , ‘ dream ’ , ‘ kiss ’ , and ‘ enchanted ’ .

Having decided to start her own nursery playgroup , Clare sold her engagement ring , a flashy marquise diamond , in order to buy the lease of the first floor of a big Edwardian house in Pimlico : it contained a ballroom , a small rear room , and a bathroom .
having decided to start her own nursery playgroup , clare sold her engagement ring , a flashy marquise diamond , in order to buy the lease of the first floor of a big edwardian house in pimlico : it [had] a ballroom , a small rear room , and a bathroom .

The club owners , the casinos , and the multinational bookmakers knew which professional gamblers successfully played games that contained an element of skill — such as backgammon and poker- and they preferred to have nothing to do with them ; ideally , the house welcomed inexperienced , rich idiots .
the club owners , the casinos , and the multinational bookmakers knew which professional gamblers successfully played games that [had] an element of skill — such as backgammon and poker- and they preferred to have nothing to do with them ; ideally , the house welcomed inexperienced , rich idiots .

Buzz did not feel like sitting in the small lounge at the Eastbourne hotel , which contained a great many genteel , inquisitive , elderly ladies , all of whom seemed to be knitting .
buzz did not feel like sitting in the small lounge at the eastbourne hotel , which [had] a great many genteel , inquisitive , elderly ladies , all of whom seemed to be knitting .

Of particular importance are providers of debt finance , who through powers contained in loan agreement covenants may prevent the directors from disposing of particular assets , for example , or restrict their ability to raise further debt or to pay dividends .
of particular importance are providers of debt finance , who through powers [had] in loan agreement covenants may prevent the directors from disposing of particular assets , for example , or restrict their ability to raise further debt or to pay dividends .

Her bank book showed regular monthly deposits , and an address book contained lists of military numbers .
her bank book showed regular monthly deposits , and an address book [had] lists of military numbers .

However , as the first fifth of the file ( 20 per cent ) only contained 8.483 per cent of synonyms , the four-fifths of the file loaded later must have a higher average number of synonyms than 34.063 to bring the overall average to that figure .
however , as the first fifth of the file ( 20 per cent ) only [had] 8.483 per cent of synonyms , the four-fifths of the file loaded later must have a higher average number of synonyms than 34.063 to bring the overall average to that figure .

Larbey described a tape-based system in which the text file contained a maximum of 1400 items , each of 4300 characters or less — six megabytes at most .
larbey described a tape-based system in which the text file [had] a maximum of 1400 items , each of 4300 characters or less — six megabytes at most .

He arrived back just in time to avoid an overdue thunderstorm . Newton 's letter contained two urgent messages :
he arrived back just in time to avoid an overdue thunderstorm . newton 's letter [had] two urgent messages :

Now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in Parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things therein contained by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of Parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration .
now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things therein [had] by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration .

In addition , the preamble to the Bill contained a false recital that plans of the lands and a book of reference to such plans containing the names of the owners , lessees and occupiers of the said land were duly deposited with the clerk of the county council .
in addition , the preamble to the bill [had] a false recital that plans of the lands and a book of reference to such plans containing the names of the owners , lessees and occupiers of the said land were duly deposited with the clerk of the county council .

In the Constitution on the Sacred Liturgy there are statements such as : ‘ In the musical tradition of the Universal Church is contained a treasure of inestimable value .
in the constitution on the sacred liturgy there are statements such as : ‘ in the musical tradition of the universal church is [had] a treasure of inestimable value .

These have contained a mixture of languages and music , and have often employed an interpreter .
these have [had] a mixture of languages and music , and have often employed an interpreter .

The library contained a collection of African materials .
the library [had] a collection of african materials .

35 ( 1 ) ] contained several papers on the arts .
35 ( 1 ) ] [had] several papers on the arts .

The Leverhulme study also devoted one volume specifically to the arts in higher education ( Robinson 1982 ) , but although this contained much interesting material , particularly on social and anthropological views of the arts , it did little to establish their epistemological base .
the leverhulme study also devoted one volume specifically to the arts in higher education ( robinson 1982 ) , but although this [had] much interesting material , particularly on social and anthropological views of the arts , it did little to establish their epistemological base .

For a number of years the efforts of those who were proponents of this vision were either contained or circumvented by the majority , who resisted such a massive change .
for a number of years the efforts of those who were proponents of this vision were either [had] or circumvented by the majority , who resisted such a massive change .

Quite apart from the simplification contained in the notion of a ‘ capitalist ideology ’ ( Abercrombie et al .
quite apart from the simplification [had] in the notion of a ‘ capitalist ideology ’ ( abercrombie et al .

In this way , the word ‘ ordinary ’ , much used by John and others , contained a wish for the future as well as a simple description of their own selves , their tastes , their conventional senses of fun and their lack of wealth .
in this way , the word ‘ ordinary ’ , much used by john and others , [had] a wish for the future as well as a simple description of their own selves , their tastes , their conventional senses of fun and their lack of wealth .

Historical and geographical facts were intertwined : the country had been ‘ founded in 1821 after fighting between the Zulus and the Boers ’ ; it was surrounded on all sides by South Africa and contained mountain ranges , and so on .
historical and geographical facts were intertwined : the country had been ‘ founded in 1821 after fighting between the zulus and the boers ’ ; it was surrounded on all sides by south africa and [had] mountain ranges , and so on .

The very notion of development and change over time is contained within the notion of implicit and explicit aspects of attitudes .
the very notion of development and change over time is [had] within the notion of implicit and explicit aspects of attitudes .

There were aspects of his previous work which contained the implicit basis of his anti-Jacobinism .
there were aspects of his previous work which [had] the implicit basis of his anti-jacobinism .

If so , they would co-exist with implicit justifications within the implicit part of the structure of attitudes , just as , for example , Junius 's position contained implicit themes , their counter-themes and even counter-counter-themes .
if so , they would co-exist with implicit justifications within the implicit part of the structure of attitudes , just as , for example , junius 's position [had] implicit themes , their counter-themes and even counter-counter-themes .

The official programme , filled with traditional symbols , religious imagery and even a gushing poem from the Poet Laureate , contained an article explaining ‘ The Queen 's Majesty ’ ( Bryant , 1953 ) .
the official programme , filled with traditional symbols , religious imagery and even a gushing poem from the poet laureate , [had] an article explaining ‘ the queen 's majesty ’ ( bryant , 1953 ) .

Social psychologists need to train their eyes to look beyond the brightly coloured petals or luxuriant foliage to examine these small seeds contained within the presently flowering plant .
social psychologists need to train their eyes to look beyond the brightly coloured petals or luxuriant foliage to examine these small seeds [had] within the presently flowering plant .

As to the effects of the prohibitions contained in the 1950 Act , the European Court held that this turned on the issue of –proportionality' — i.e. if the aim of the Sunday trading prohibition could be achieved by other means which would have a less serious effect on the free flow of goods , then the law would contravene Article 30 of the Treaty of Rome .
as to the effects of the prohibitions [had] in the 1950 act , the european court held that this turned on the issue of –proportionality' — i.e. if the aim of the sunday trading prohibition could be achieved by other means which would have a less serious effect on the free flow of goods , then the law would contravene article 30 of the treaty of rome .

This amounts in plain terms to the principle of law contained in the decision of –he court . In any given case the decision of the court will be made up of the following elements :
this amounts in plain terms to the principle of law [had] in the decision of –he court . in any given case the decision of the court will be made up of the following elements :

Section 13(3) provides that from the date of incorporation , stated in the certificate , the subscribers to the memorandum become a body corporate with the name contained in the memorandum .
section 13(3) provides that from the date of incorporation , stated in the certificate , the subscribers to the memorandum become a body corporate with the name [had] in the memorandum .

Section 14(1) states that the memorandum and articles of association bind the company and the members as though signed and sealed by each member , and as if they contained covenants by each member to observe their provisions . The effects of the articles of association are :
section 14(1) states that the memorandum and articles of association bind the company and the members as though signed and sealed by each member , and as if they [had] covenants by each member to observe their provisions . the effects of the articles of association are :

All the provisions relating to winding up are contained in the Insolvency Act , regardless of whether or not the company is actually insolvent .
all the provisions relating to winding up are [had] in the insolvency act , regardless of whether or not the company is actually insolvent .

The provisions regarding administration orders are contained in ss .
the provisions regarding administration orders are [had] in ss .

The tenants will normally be answerable to the landlord for the use they make of the property , and certain restrictions are normally agreed upon and are contained in the covenants in the lease .
the tenants will normally be answerable to the landlord for the use they make of the property , and certain restrictions are normally agreed upon and are [had] in the covenants in the lease .

The normal forms of express covenant contained in a lease include amongst others a covenant to repair by the tenant , and a covenant that the tenant will not sublet the premises .
the normal forms of express covenant [had] in a lease include amongst others a covenant to repair by the tenant , and a covenant that the tenant will not sublet the premises .

We are concerned with two forms of covenant : restrictive covenants , which may affect the use to which freeholders may put their land ; and covenants contained in a lease , which restrict the position of tenants .
we are concerned with two forms of covenant : restrictive covenants , which may affect the use to which freeholders may put their land ; and covenants [had] in a lease , which restrict the position of tenants .

An example would be if on a door to a storeroom which contained high-voltage electrical equipment involved in the supply of electricity to the hotel there was a notice which said ‘ Danger : Keep Out : High Voltage ’ .
an example would be if on a door to a storeroom which [had] high-voltage electrical equipment involved in the supply of electricity to the hotel there was a notice which said ‘ danger : keep out : high voltage ’ .

In Scotland , the local authorities ' auditors duties are contained in the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1983 All auditors of local authority accounts for periods commencing after 31 March 1983 are expected to observe the Standards for the External Audit of Scottish Local Authorities published by the Accounts Commission ( a similar body to the Audit Commission for England and Wales ) .
in scotland , the local authorities ' auditors duties are [had] in the local government ( scotland ) act 1983 all auditors of local authority accounts for periods commencing after 31 march 1983 are expected to observe the standards for the external audit of scottish local authorities published by the accounts commission ( a similar body to the audit commission for england and wales ) .

Criticisms contained in various Auditor-General 's reports could be just as easily directed at the British public sector .
criticisms [had] in various auditor-general 's reports could be just as easily directed at the british public sector .

Like ancient myths that captured and contained an essential truth , they shape how we see and understand our lives , how we make sense of our experience .
like ancient myths that captured and [had] an essential truth , they shape how we see and understand our lives , how we make sense of our experience .

The tour of cultures contained in this chapter has highlighted the costs of strong culture and methods for its management .
the tour of cultures [had] in this chapter has highlighted the costs of strong culture and methods for its management .

The struggles involving civil society are not contained within it , but are implicated in both the sphere of production and the state .
the struggles involving civil society are not [had] within it , but are implicated in both the sphere of production and the state .

Meaningful interaction is confined almost exclusively to the locality which creates a very contained and powerful vessel for the transmission of a local culture .
meaningful interaction is confined almost exclusively to the locality which creates a very [had] and powerful vessel for the transmission of a local culture .

Arthur drinks liquids , the trait ‘ liquid ’ is contained in the verb , and the direct object adds nothing new .
arthur drinks liquids , the trait ‘ liquid ’ is [had] in the verb , and the direct object adds nothing new .

It is possible to reconstruct the police post in the mind 's eye , a small building , tin-roofed , with a verandah and a line of large white painted rocks which contained a garden of cacti and the youthful version of this lachrymose tree .
it is possible to reconstruct the police post in the mind 's eye , a small building , tin-roofed , with a verandah and a line of large white painted rocks which [had] a garden of cacti and the youthful version of this lachrymose tree .

Instead , he proposes a new domestic freedom : ‘ You must leave your surroundings sketchy , unfinished , so that you are never contained , never confined , never dominated from the outside !
instead , he proposes a new domestic freedom : ‘ you must leave your surroundings sketchy , unfinished , so that you are never [had] , never confined , never dominated from the outside !

’ Her own novels are structured like the classical house , either contained within a single place ( under one roof ) , or , if wings are added by excursions elsewhere , the harmony of the whole — as in her brother 's house at Godmersham ( Fig .
’ her own novels are structured like the classical house , either [had] within a single place ( under one roof ) , or , if wings are added by excursions elsewhere , the harmony of the whole — as in her brother 's house at godmersham ( fig .

Each contained a number of recommendations for consideration and future action .
each [had] a number of recommendations for consideration and future action .

Much of the detail contained in this chapter remains as true now as when it was written .
much of the detail [had] in this chapter remains as true now as when it was written .

In an England that contained the slums of Manchester and Liverpool , Leeds and east London , this was strong language indeed .
in an england that [had] the slums of manchester and liverpool , leeds and east london , this was strong language indeed .

The museum contained rooms full of the most delicate domestic articles , not just tomb artefacts but things people had handled and loved .
the museum [had] rooms full of the most delicate domestic articles , not just tomb artefacts but things people had handled and loved .

Recognising that this stands in contradiction to the statements contained in the terms and conditions of engagement which they offer their casual workers , some organisations seek to make it clear that they are no more than `` collecting agents for the revenue `` .
recognising that this stands in contradiction to the statements [had] in the terms and conditions of engagement which they offer their casual workers , some organisations seek to make it clear that they are no more than `` collecting agents for the revenue `` .

First , many of the agreements governing the introduction or extension of the use of temporary workers simultaneously contained job guarantees for the regular labour force .
first , many of the agreements governing the introduction or extension of the use of temporary workers simultaneously [had] job guarantees for the regular labour force .

It is common ground that there was no ‘ good cause ’ within the meaning of section 34 ; the university was relying on the three months ' notice term contained in the letter of appointment coupled with the provision in section 34 ( 3 ) that Mr .
it is common ground that there was no ‘ good cause ’ within the meaning of section 34 ; the university was relying on the three months ' notice term [had] in the letter of appointment coupled with the provision in section 34 ( 3 ) that mr .

The notice inviting applications for an appointment as senior lecturer/lecturer in philosophy contained the following paragraph :
the notice inviting applications for an appointment as senior lecturer/lecturer in philosophy [had] the following paragraph :

In this case the group attributes declared for the definition of the hole are wholly contained with the attributes declared for the definition of the block .
in this case the group attributes declared for the definition of the hole are wholly [had] with the attributes declared for the definition of the block .

If there is no intersection then the contained components can not clash and hence there is no problem .
if there is no intersection then the [had] components can not clash and hence there is no problem .

Second , once an intersection is established , its position and the contained geometric details can be checked .
second , once an intersection is established , its position and the [had] geometric details can be checked .

The function of an artefact , be it a machine or a piece of electronics , is contained in the association of the parts .
the function of an artefact , be it a machine or a piece of electronics , is [had] in the association of the parts .

It may arise because a space has been reserved for an , as yet , undefined component or because the person initiating the search has no authority to see the information contained within that domain .
it may arise because a space has been reserved for an , as yet , undefined component or because the person initiating the search has no authority to see the information [had] within that domain .

With the geometric data being held , a designer can now digitize a point in space and immediately find which part is contained there .
with the geometric data being held , a designer can now digitize a point in space and immediately find which part is [had] there .

Through his assistance our house was built in the traditional manner , and we learned that what had first seemed simply a glorified jungle treehouse actually contained remarkable hidden know-how .
through his assistance our house was built in the traditional manner , and we learned that what had first seemed simply a glorified jungle treehouse actually [had] remarkable hidden know-how .

What is seldom revealed in the history books , though perfectly easy to verify , is that Darwin 's contribution was less a paper than a rambling series of notes which contained nothing novel , whereas Wallace 's `` Ternate `` paper was the first complete exposition in writing of `` Descent and Divergence with modification through variation and Natural Selection `` — which is the very kernel of what has become known as the `` Darwinian `` theory of evolution .
what is seldom revealed in the history books , though perfectly easy to verify , is that darwin 's contribution was less a paper than a rambling series of notes which [had] nothing novel , whereas wallace 's `` ternate `` paper was the first complete exposition in writing of `` descent and divergence with modification through variation and natural selection `` — which is the very kernel of what has become known as the `` darwinian `` theory of evolution .

Their unhesitating assumption that they contain all life as much as they are contained by it has helped them forge what to our eyes is an almost supernatural intimacy with their forests and creatures .
their unhesitating assumption that they contain all life as much as they are [had] by it has helped them forge what to our eyes is an almost supernatural intimacy with their forests and creatures .

During your undergraduate studies you should have little difficulty in tracing the information that you need , since most will be contained in well-known textbooks .
during your undergraduate studies you should have little difficulty in tracing the information that you need , since most will be [had] in well-known textbooks .

Assume that your report contained a sentence such as the following .
assume that your report [had] a sentence such as the following .

Further investigation reveals that each bacterium contained a chain of crystals of an iron compound , known as lodestone or magnetite , which always points towards the Earth 's magnetic poles .
further investigation reveals that each bacterium [had] a chain of crystals of an iron compound , known as lodestone or magnetite , which always points towards the earth 's magnetic poles .

Assuming for the moment that all the flux is contained within the magnetic core ( so that the amount of flux crossing coils 1 and 2 is the same ) , the open circuit voltage in coil 2 is , leading to the familiar relationship .
assuming for the moment that all the flux is [had] within the magnetic core ( so that the amount of flux crossing coils 1 and 2 is the same ) , the open circuit voltage in coil 2 is , leading to the familiar relationship .

‘ ( 1 ) Whether section 1(1) of the Theft Act 1968 is to be construed as though it contained the words ‘ without the consent of the owner ’ or words to that effect and ( 2 ) Whether the provisions of section 15(1) and of section 1(1) of the Theft Act 1968 are mutually exclusive in the sense that if the facts proved would justify a conviction under section 15(1) there can not lawfully be a conviction under section 1(1) on those facts .
‘ ( 1 ) whether section 1(1) of the theft act 1968 is to be construed as though it [had] the words ‘ without the consent of the owner ’ or words to that effect and ( 2 ) whether the provisions of section 15(1) and of section 1(1) of the theft act 1968 are mutually exclusive in the sense that if the facts proved would justify a conviction under section 15(1) there can not lawfully be a conviction under section 1(1) on those facts .

As will be seen ( paragraph 35 ) , the idea contained in the words ‘ fraudulently converts to his own use or benefit , or the use or benefit of any other person ’ corresponds to what we propose should be the essence of the new offence of theft .
as will be seen ( paragraph 35 ) , the idea [had] in the words ‘ fraudulently converts to his own use or benefit , or the use or benefit of any other person ’ corresponds to what we propose should be the essence of the new offence of theft .

The words contained in the former definition of larceny , in section 1 of the Larceny Act 1916 , ‘ without the consent of the owner , ’ have been omitted , and , we have no doubt , deliberately omitted from the definition of theft in the new Act .
the words [had] in the former definition of larceny , in section 1 of the larceny act 1916 , ‘ without the consent of the owner , ’ have been omitted , and , we have no doubt , deliberately omitted from the definition of theft in the new act .

‘ He stated tersely in terms , at p. 633 : ‘ The first question posed in the certificate was : ‘ Whether section 1 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 is to be construed as though it contained the words ‘ without having the consent of the owner ’ or words to that effect .
‘ he stated tersely in terms , at p. 633 : ‘ the first question posed in the certificate was : ‘ whether section 1 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 is to be construed as though it [had] the words ‘ without having the consent of the owner ’ or words to that effect .

‘ One of the questions of law of general public importance which the House was required to answer was : ‘ Whether section 1 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 is to be construed as though it contained the words ‘ without having the consent of the owner ’ or words to that effect .
‘ one of the questions of law of general public importance which the house was required to answer was : ‘ whether section 1 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 is to be construed as though it [had] the words ‘ without having the consent of the owner ’ or words to that effect .

Because these areas contained many people of Slovenian stock , Tito was claiming them as parts of a `` Greater Yugoslavia `` .
because these areas [had] many people of slovenian stock , tito was claiming them as parts of a `` greater yugoslavia `` .

In addition to these groups , the 5 Corps areas also contained vast numbers of surrendered Germans , in addition to many thousands of troops of other nationalities and hordes of miscellaneous civilian refugees .
in addition to these groups , the 5 corps areas also [had] vast numbers of surrendered germans , in addition to many thousands of troops of other nationalities and hordes of miscellaneous civilian refugees .

As finally worded , therefore , the order contained no exclusion clause , other than that implied in the phrases `` serving in German forces `` and `` should be disarmed `` .
as finally worded , therefore , the order [had] no exclusion clause , other than that implied in the phrases `` serving in german forces `` and `` should be disarmed `` .

The Ukrainian Division undoubtedly contained a substantial number of Soviet citizens .
the ukrainian division undoubtedly [had] a substantial number of soviet citizens .

We know that each of these groups contained a small minority of emigres , and that the Cossack Cavalry Corps in addition contained nearly 1000 Germans who , under the 1929 Geneva Convention on PoWs , should have been repatriated to Germany .
we know that each of these groups [had] a small minority of emigres , and that the cossack cavalry corps in addition [had] nearly 1000 germans who , under the 1929 geneva convention on pows , should have been repatriated to germany .

The pH of a soil , though it sounds mysterious and scientific , is simply the name for the scale which determines the quantities of chemical particles ( hydrogen ions ) contained in the soil solution , more or less of which make the soil acid or alkaline .
the ph of a soil , though it sounds mysterious and scientific , is simply the name for the scale which determines the quantities of chemical particles ( hydrogen ions ) [had] in the soil solution , more or less of which make the soil acid or alkaline .

When they looked closer they saw that he was whipping , not a fallen beast , but a spindly-legged Annamese ; both carts , they could see , contained refuse and had shafts front and back that terminated in cane , big wooden halters that were locked around the necks of four sweating Annamese .
when they looked closer they saw that he was whipping , not a fallen beast , but a spindly-legged annamese ; both carts , they could see , [had] refuse and had shafts front and back that terminated in cane , big wooden halters that were locked around the necks of four sweating annamese .

Although it had contained a tory majority since 1812 the mayor was a reformer …
although it had [had] a tory majority since 1812 the mayor was a reformer …

For these reasons , even the facts contained in documents need to be checked .
for these reasons , even the facts [had] in documents need to be checked .

The sheltered shore enclaves contained a high proportion of adults , giving the impression of comparative longevity ( an alternative interpretation would suggest higher juvenile mortality ) .
the sheltered shore enclaves [had] a high proportion of adults , giving the impression of comparative longevity ( an alternative interpretation would suggest higher juvenile mortality ) .

Self contained aquarium system .
self [had] aquarium system .

The heater unit is safely contained inside , clear of aggressive fish — use both the brackets supplied .
the heater unit is safely [had] inside , clear of aggressive fish — use both the brackets supplied .

My original pond ( 9′×6′×4.5′ deep ) was constructed two years ago and up until recently contained a mixture of Koi and goldfish .
my original pond ( 9′×6′×4.5′ deep ) was constructed two years ago and up until recently [had] a mixture of koi and goldfish .

The untransformed house had contained treasures as well as horrors , including the portrait on the stairs , and the restored chandelier which now hung , glittering and refracting , from the centre of the ornate ceiling , above the heads of Charles and Alix , who sat disposed , glass in hand , at either end of one of the long settees , and above Esther , who stood by the fireplace reading the Headleand invitations to parties and lectures and public meetings .
the untransformed house had [had] treasures as well as horrors , including the portrait on the stairs , and the restored chandelier which now hung , glittering and refracting , from the centre of the ornate ceiling , above the heads of charles and alix , who sat disposed , glass in hand , at either end of one of the long settees , and above esther , who stood by the fireplace reading the headleand invitations to parties and lectures and public meetings .

Either side , or the jury , could ask for the tape itself to be played during the trial and the judge would almost always accede ; difficulties might arise where the tape contained objectionable or inadmissible evidence , for example , references to previous convictions , but these could usually be overcome .
either side , or the jury , could ask for the tape itself to be played during the trial and the judge would almost always accede ; difficulties might arise where the tape [had] objectionable or inadmissible evidence , for example , references to previous convictions , but these could usually be overcome .

In both cases , relevant information about the speaker 's voice can be said to be evidence in the case , going beyond what is contained in the written version .
in both cases , relevant information about the speaker 's voice can be said to be evidence in the case , going beyond what is [had] in the written version .

The last part of the interview in the present case was in a different class : it was clearly severable and , as it contained no answers to which any evidential weight could attach , it ought to have been severed .
the last part of the interview in the present case was in a different class : it was clearly severable and , as it [had] no answers to which any evidential weight could attach , it ought to have been severed .

In the redrawn footnote to section 7(5) in Stone 's Justices ' Manual , 123rd ed. , the editors refer to this authority , but do not repeat the view which was contained in the first section of the footnote in the earlier editions .
in the redrawn footnote to section 7(5) in stone 's justices ' manual , 123rd ed. , the editors refer to this authority , but do not repeat the view which was [had] in the first section of the footnote in the earlier editions .

The conference centre contained one of the main entrances to the bunker .
the conference centre [had] one of the main entrances to the bunker .

The details are contained in a recording and transcript of a telephone call between Hounam and Murrin on October 16 , 1990 .
the details are [had] in a recording and transcript of a telephone call between hounam and murrin on october 16 , 1990 .

The behaviour of insects is largely ‘ instinctive ’ , it is based on programmes contained in the genes which direct their actions .
the behaviour of insects is largely ‘ instinctive ’ , it is based on programmes [had] in the genes which direct their actions .

Rather it will develop from a resolution of the contradictions contained within the capitalist system .
rather it will develop from a resolution of the contradictions [had] within the capitalist system .

Marx believed that the basic contradictions contained in a capitalist economic system would lead to its eventual destruction .
marx believed that the basic contradictions [had] in a capitalist economic system would lead to its eventual destruction .

The information contained in the above tables shows that there has been a long-term trend this century for the proportion of non-manual jobs to increase , and of manual jobs to decrease .
the information [had] in the above tables shows that there has been a long-term trend this century for the proportion of non-manual jobs to increase , and of manual jobs to decrease .

‘ Nothing in these Rules contained shall be deemed to interfere with the right of His Majesty , upon the humble petition of any person aggrieved by any judgment of the court , to admit his appeal therefrom upon such conditions as His Majesty in Council shall think fit to impose .
‘ nothing in these rules [had] shall be deemed to interfere with the right of his majesty , upon the humble petition of any person aggrieved by any judgment of the court , to admit his appeal therefrom upon such conditions as his majesty in council shall think fit to impose .

The statutory provisions imposing the duty to give effect to parental preference are contained in section 6 of the Education Act 1980 , as amended by section 30 of the Education Reform Act 1988 .
the statutory provisions imposing the duty to give effect to parental preference are [had] in section 6 of the education act 1980 , as amended by section 30 of the education reform act 1988 .

Although section 76 of the Education Act 1944 imposed on the local education authority and the Secretary of State ( not the governors ) the duty to have regard to ‘ the general principle that … pupils are to be educated in accordance with the wishes of their parents , ’ the first positive duty to give effect to such wishes was contained in section 6 of the Act of 1980 .
although section 76 of the education act 1944 imposed on the local education authority and the secretary of state ( not the governors ) the duty to have regard to ‘ the general principle that … pupils are to be educated in accordance with the wishes of their parents , ’ the first positive duty to give effect to such wishes was [had] in section 6 of the act of 1980 .

Here we have an example of a valid logical argument to deduce the prediction ( 3 ) from the scientific knowledge contained in premise ( 1 ) .
here we have an example of a valid logical argument to deduce the prediction ( 3 ) from the scientific knowledge [had] in premise ( 1 ) .

More than a hint of this is contained in the example with which the previous section concluded .
more than a hint of this is [had] in the example with which the previous section concluded .

The prediction of Neptune in 1846 was a novel one because the background knowledge at that time contained no reference to such a planet .
the prediction of neptune in 1846 was a novel one because the background knowledge at that time [had] no reference to such a planet .

Consequently , each earthly object would have a natural place in the sub-lunar region depending on the relative proportion of the four elements that it contained .
consequently , each earthly object would have a natural place in the sub-lunar region depending on the relative proportion of the four elements that it [had] .

As well as the theoretical programme contained in the positive heuristic , a fairly definite experimental programme suggested itself .
as well as the theoretical programme [had] in the positive heuristic , a fairly definite experimental programme suggested itself .

Pre-Lavoisier chemistry involved the claim that the world contained a substance called phlogiston , which is driven from materials when they are burnt .
pre-lavoisier chemistry involved the claim that the world [had] a substance called phlogiston , which is driven from materials when they are burnt .

The Council then was not quite a ‘ cross-section ’ of Athenians , but contained disproportionately many rich , determined politicians ; and lobbies , political dynasties or mafias could perpetuate themselves over the years despite the restrictions on re-election ( so the contrast with , for example , the Roman Senate is not after all total ) .
the council then was not quite a ‘ cross-section ’ of athenians , but [had] disproportionately many rich , determined politicians ; and lobbies , political dynasties or mafias could perpetuate themselves over the years despite the restrictions on re-election ( so the contrast with , for example , the roman senate is not after all total ) .

Nevertheless , perhaps the most startling statistic contained in it was that some one-third of the rail route mileage carried only about 1 per cent of the freight and passenger traffic , while one-half of the route mileage accounted for only 4 to 5 per cent of total traffic .
nevertheless , perhaps the most startling statistic [had] in it was that some one-third of the rail route mileage carried only about 1 per cent of the freight and passenger traffic , while one-half of the route mileage accounted for only 4 to 5 per cent of total traffic .

They have physically contained the growth of some cities , prevented coalescence of others , and have helped to retain the character of some historic centres , such as Cambridge and York ( Davidson and Wibberley 1977 ) .
they have physically [had] the growth of some cities , prevented coalescence of others , and have helped to retain the character of some historic centres , such as cambridge and york ( davidson and wibberley 1977 ) .

Furthermore , as many of these zones already contained substantial built-up areas prior to designation , green belts frequently contain a mixture of land uses and rarely form zones of attractive or continuous open landscape ( Thomas 1970 , 1974 ) .
furthermore , as many of these zones already [had] substantial built-up areas prior to designation , green belts frequently contain a mixture of land uses and rarely form zones of attractive or continuous open landscape ( thomas 1970 , 1974 ) .

By a writ dated 11 October 1989 the plaintiff , Derbyshire County Council , claimed ( 1 ) damages for libel contained in articles appearing in the issue of ‘ The Sunday Times ’ dated 17 September 1989 entitled ‘ Revealed ; Socialist tycoon 's deals with a Labour chief ’ and ‘ Bizarre deals of a council leader and the media tycoon ’ , and in the issue dated 24 September 1989 entitled ‘ Council share deals under scrutiny ’ published by the defendants , Times Newspapers Ltd. , Andrew Neil , the editor , Rosemary Collins and Peter Hounam , two of the newspaper 's journalists ; and ( 2 ) an injunction to restrain the defendants , their servants or agents from publishing the same or any similar libel of the plaintiff council .
by a writ dated 11 october 1989 the plaintiff , derbyshire county council , claimed ( 1 ) damages for libel [had] in articles appearing in the issue of ‘ the sunday times ’ dated 17 september 1989 entitled ‘ revealed ; socialist tycoon 's deals with a labour chief ’ and ‘ bizarre deals of a council leader and the media tycoon ’ , and in the issue dated 24 september 1989 entitled ‘ council share deals under scrutiny ’ published by the defendants , times newspapers ltd. , andrew neil , the editor , rosemary collins and peter hounam , two of the newspaper 's journalists ; and ( 2 ) an injunction to restrain the defendants , their servants or agents from publishing the same or any similar libel of the plaintiff council .

The alleged libel is contained in a letter written by the defendant to the editor of the ‘ Manchester Examiner and Times ’ , which charged , as alleged by the statement of claim , that bribery and corruption existed or had existed in three departments of the Manchester City Council , and that the plaintiffs were either parties thereto or culpably ignorant thereof , and that the said bribery and corruption prevailed to such an extent as to render necessary an inquiry by a parliamentary commission .
the alleged libel is [had] in a letter written by the defendant to the editor of the ‘ manchester examiner and times ’ , which charged , as alleged by the statement of claim , that bribery and corruption existed or had existed in three departments of the manchester city council , and that the plaintiffs were either parties thereto or culpably ignorant thereof , and that the said bribery and corruption prevailed to such an extent as to render necessary an inquiry by a parliamentary commission .

The substantive right to freedom of expression contained in article 10 is subsumed in our domestic law in this universal basic freedom of action .
the substantive right to freedom of expression [had] in article 10 is subsumed in our domestic law in this universal basic freedom of action .

It should be noted that the darker areas contained only 6 per cent .
it should be noted that the darker areas [had] only 6 per cent .

The respondents in the survey can not be regarded as representative of the general population as these areas contained only 58 per cent .
the respondents in the survey can not be regarded as representative of the general population as these areas [had] only 58 per cent .

The latter group contained 171 Blacks , 199 Asians and 271 Whites ( totalling 641 ) .
the latter group [had] 171 blacks , 199 asians and 271 whites ( totalling 641 ) .

Both the Blacks and the Whites interviewed contained several people who had had some unpleasant experience of the police , though this only occasionally ( for the Blacks ) included a racial element .
both the blacks and the whites interviewed [had] several people who had had some unpleasant experience of the police , though this only occasionally ( for the blacks ) included a racial element .

However , there were two big differences : Whites had more in privately rented accommodation and had lived there for a shorter time ; these areas contained only 6 per cent .
however , there were two big differences : whites had more in privately rented accommodation and had lived there for a shorter time ; these areas [had] only 6 per cent .

The Judge held that the prosecution had been under a duty to disclose the video whether it had been demanded or not , that the view the camera had was of an area of the club that was relevant to the res gestae , that the tape would have contained matters of relevance to the defendants and that it was wrong for the police officer to have formed the view that it was of no relevance .
the judge held that the prosecution had been under a duty to disclose the video whether it had been demanded or not , that the view the camera had was of an area of the club that was relevant to the res gestae , that the tape would have [had] matters of relevance to the defendants and that it was wrong for the police officer to have formed the view that it was of no relevance .

The third category of definition fails because musical types and practices , even those of the most minority sort , can never be wholly contained by particular social contexts .
the third category of definition fails because musical types and practices , even those of the most minority sort , can never be wholly [had] by particular social contexts .

Another problem is the sheer eclecticism of progressive rock , both in terms of the variety of sources on which it drew and the range of styles contained within the genre .
another problem is the sheer eclecticism of progressive rock , both in terms of the variety of sources on which it drew and the range of styles [had] within the genre .

However , for the present , these characteristics are largely contained within the stifling constraints of the music industry 's commodity forms .
however , for the present , these characteristics are largely [had] within the stifling constraints of the music industry 's commodity forms .

How can its innately progressive potentials be contained in a form which has been developed through the operation of the market , and which , in Cutler 's argument , represents a culture completely external to its users , completely hegemonic ( not resistible in present circumstances ) , and having ‘ no need of artistic value … [ having ] become , effectively , an instrument of class oppression ’ ( Cutler 1984 : 291 ) .
how can its innately progressive potentials be [had] in a form which has been developed through the operation of the market , and which , in cutler 's argument , represents a culture completely external to its users , completely hegemonic ( not resistible in present circumstances ) , and having ‘ no need of artistic value … [ having ] become , effectively , an instrument of class oppression ’ ( cutler 1984 : 291 ) .

The means by which this could best be ‘ contained ’ in British sculpture , without contravening demands for an aesthetic which was essentially morally healthy and incorruptible .
the means by which this could best be ‘ [had] ’ in british sculpture , without contravening demands for an aesthetic which was essentially morally healthy and incorruptible .

This is a negation of the threat contained within the beautiful physical form of Lamia which the reader knows is redolent with destructive force .
this is a negation of the threat [had] within the beautiful physical form of lamia which the reader knows is redolent with destructive force .

Estremadura , often considered as one vast scrub pasture , has always contained valuable irrigated regions now devoted to market gardening , cotton , and tobacco .
estremadura , often considered as one vast scrub pasture , has always [had] valuable irrigated regions now devoted to market gardening , cotton , and tobacco .

The old kingdom of Valencia contained within its borders the contrasts typical of Spain .
the old kingdom of valencia [had] within its borders the contrasts typical of spain .

Despite the enterprise and labour put into its acquisition it has been estimated that all the gold won between the mid-fifteenth and mid-twentieth centuries could be contained in a cube of fifteen yards .
despite the enterprise and labour put into its acquisition it has been estimated that all the gold won between the mid-fifteenth and mid-twentieth centuries could be [had] in a cube of fifteen yards .

The fifth edition of Lenin 's collected works ( 1958–65 ) contained three times as many items as the fullest version published in the Stalin era .
the fifth edition of lenin 's collected works ( 1958–65 ) [had] three times as many items as the fullest version published in the stalin era .

That this radicalism was contained may have had more to do with the strength of the State in the West , together with the size , cohesion and resilience of anti-socialist groups among the middle classes and peasantry , than with any natural tendency for the working class to become ‘ integrated ’ and its aspirations attenuated .
that this radicalism was [had] may have had more to do with the strength of the state in the west , together with the size , cohesion and resilience of anti-socialist groups among the middle classes and peasantry , than with any natural tendency for the working class to become ‘ integrated ’ and its aspirations attenuated .

He took a breath so deep that he almost fell over backwards — and knocked … An elderly office boy wordlessly showed him into a narrow , bumf-heaped office that contained , with difficulty , seven people .
he took a breath so deep that he almost fell over backwards — and knocked … an elderly office boy wordlessly showed him into a narrow , bumf-heaped office that [had] , with difficulty , seven people .

It contained two of his screenplays , Valley of the Stratocasters and , confusingly , Decimator .
it [had] two of his screenplays , valley of the stratocasters and , confusingly , decimator .

The warm room contained clogged regretful murmurs , and defiance in the form of bottles and paper cups and cigarette smoke , and the many peeping eyes of female grief .
the warm room [had] clogged regretful murmurs , and defiance in the form of bottles and paper cups and cigarette smoke , and the many peeping eyes of female grief .

Finally , the combination of the ‘ toxic mix ’ of prisoners with these deteriorating conditions within which they are contained is thought to trigger off the periodic riots and disturbances to which the prison system is increasingly prone .
finally , the combination of the ‘ toxic mix ’ of prisoners with these deteriorating conditions within which they are [had] is thought to trigger off the periodic riots and disturbances to which the prison system is increasingly prone .

One obvious reason for the persistence of pronounced regional anomalies on this scale is the fact that the guidance contained in the 1976 Act still affords massive scope for the exercise of discretion by magistrates , thereby enabling different policies to be pursued in individual court areas .
one obvious reason for the persistence of pronounced regional anomalies on this scale is the fact that the guidance [had] in the 1976 act still affords massive scope for the exercise of discretion by magistrates , thereby enabling different policies to be pursued in individual court areas .

In 1990 the government finally responded to mounting criticism by publishing a White Paper that contained a comprehensive and far-reaching set of proposals ( Home Office , 1990a ) .
in 1990 the government finally responded to mounting criticism by publishing a white paper that [had] a comprehensive and far-reaching set of proposals ( home office , 1990a ) .

This reflects a clear preference for an offence-based rather than an offender-based tariff and is in line with the proposals contained in the White Paper ( Home Office , 1990a : para .
this reflects a clear preference for an offence-based rather than an offender-based tariff and is in line with the proposals [had] in the white paper ( home office , 1990a : para .

Well , perhaps it contained gold or something .
well , perhaps it [had] gold or something .

The range of natural environments contained within Yugoslavia itself is far greater than one might expect in an area only 5 per cent larger than the United Kingdom .
the range of natural environments [had] within yugoslavia itself is far greater than one might expect in an area only 5 per cent larger than the united kingdom .

The coastal cities of Dalmatia , whether under Byzantine or Slav rule , still contained many Romanised Illyrians who retained their Latin culture .
the coastal cities of dalmatia , whether under byzantine or slav rule , still [had] many romanised illyrians who retained their latin culture .

By the eighteenth century the heartland of Serbia , the district known alternately as the sandžak of Smederovo and the pašalik of Belgrade , contained between forty and fifty knezine , each subject to control by a council of village elders , drawn from the heads of the zadrugas , who influenced the actions of the knez .
by the eighteenth century the heartland of serbia , the district known alternately as the sandžak of smederovo and the pašalik of belgrade , [had] between forty and fifty knezine , each subject to control by a council of village elders , drawn from the heads of the zadrugas , who influenced the actions of the knez .

He could never entirely regret it , because it reminded him of working with Willie , and the passing resolves he made as a grown-up to lose some of it always contained a tang of unease about betraying his professional qualifications in the eyes of a man who would have belted him for such a thing .
he could never entirely regret it , because it reminded him of working with willie , and the passing resolves he made as a grown-up to lose some of it always [had] a tang of unease about betraying his professional qualifications in the eyes of a man who would have belted him for such a thing .

Lady Grubb picked up her plate of junket and went to eat it in the drawing-room , shaking with a passion she did n't care to scrutinize because it contained not only fury but also amazement and fear .
lady grubb picked up her plate of junket and went to eat it in the drawing-room , shaking with a passion she did n't care to scrutinize because it [had] not only fury but also amazement and fear .

The dock below , however , contained water , which meant there could be an opening to the sea .
the dock below , however , [had] water , which meant there could be an opening to the sea .

The wallet contained a small amount of money in francs , dollars and local gourdes , but the Doctor was more interested in the identification papers which named the man as one Robert Blake , of the British Consulate .
the wallet [had] a small amount of money in francs , dollars and local gourdes , but the doctor was more interested in the identification papers which named the man as one robert blake , of the british consulate .

The officers ' quarters in the guardroom contained a large board labelled with the names of different areas .
the officers ' quarters in the guardroom [had] a large board labelled with the names of different areas .

The Infinity Drive exerted exactly equal stress — which was to say almost none — on all parts of the contained structure , and a ship like the Simonova was never likely to be required to approach even the outer atmosphere of a planet , far less to land .
the infinity drive exerted exactly equal stress — which was to say almost none — on all parts of the [had] structure , and a ship like the simonova was never likely to be required to approach even the outer atmosphere of a planet , far less to land .

Rostov reached for the flat permahide envelope which contained his orders and for a moment he brushed absently at the crisp new admiral 's stripe on his sleeve .
rostov reached for the flat permahide envelope which [had] his orders and for a moment he brushed absently at the crisp new admiral 's stripe on his sleeve .

Around it they had developed a rigid code of honour — Shen-sei-go — which contained the principles according to which every Manchu male was expected to live and die .
around it they had developed a rigid code of honour — shen-sei-go — which [had] the principles according to which every manchu male was expected to live and die .

On the basis of the information which had been contained in the briefing , Rostov was unimpressed .
on the basis of the information which had been [had] in the briefing , rostov was unimpressed .

Even though it was unsupported by evidence , the conclusion would have been allowable were it not for the second piece of information contained in the warning message .
even though it was unsupported by evidence , the conclusion would have been allowable were it not for the second piece of information [had] in the warning message .

There had been a strong element of pretence contained in his behaviour towards Alexei thus far and , for the moment at least , the subterfuge was going to have to be continued .
there had been a strong element of pretence [had] in his behaviour towards alexei thus far and , for the moment at least , the subterfuge was going to have to be continued .

Alexei added the permafax to the others already contained in the folder in his hand .
alexei added the permafax to the others already [had] in the folder in his hand .

The requirement to define a rate of return on futures can be avoided because the security market line can be expressed in terms of price levels using the procedures proposed by Black ( 1976 ) and Duffie ( 1989 ) , which are contained in Appendix 7 .
the requirement to define a rate of return on futures can be avoided because the security market line can be expressed in terms of price levels using the procedures proposed by black ( 1976 ) and duffie ( 1989 ) , which are [had] in appendix 7 .

Finally , the common law contained areas of tortious liability for interference with family and service relationships which were based upon the archaic idea that a man had a proprietary interest in the services of his family and his servants .
finally , the common law [had] areas of tortious liability for interference with family and service relationships which were based upon the archaic idea that a man had a proprietary interest in the services of his family and his servants .

v. Cousins an interlocutory injunction was issued to restrain the defendants from preventing oil companies from carrying out their contracts to deliver oil to the plaintiff 's hotel notwithstanding that the contract with the principal supplier of oil contained a clause absolving it from liability if delivery was prevented by circumstances outside its control .
v. cousins an interlocutory injunction was issued to restrain the defendants from preventing oil companies from carrying out their contracts to deliver oil to the plaintiff 's hotel notwithstanding that the contract with the principal supplier of oil [had] a clause absolving it from liability if delivery was prevented by circumstances outside its control .

Similar provisions are contained in the Act to govern secondary action aimed at disruption of supply between any person and an associated employer of the employer party to the dispute where the goods or services are in substitution for goods or services which but for the dispute would have fallen to be supplied to or by the employer who is party to the dispute .
similar provisions are [had] in the act to govern secondary action aimed at disruption of supply between any person and an associated employer of the employer party to the dispute where the goods or services are in substitution for goods or services which but for the dispute would have fallen to be supplied to or by the employer who is party to the dispute .

It also contained strict rules to protect the insurance fund .
it also [had] strict rules to protect the insurance fund .

They will look in vain for detailed information on , for example , the housing benefit scheme or the ‘ social fund ’ in the Act : this is contained in subsequent regulations .
they will look in vain for detailed information on , for example , the housing benefit scheme or the ‘ social fund ’ in the act : this is [had] in subsequent regulations .

Constraints are not merely contained within new policies themselves .
constraints are not merely [had] within new policies themselves .

It is hoped that , in considering the detailed discussions of particular areas of policy contained in the next section of this book , readers will bear in mind the importance of the implementation process for the actual impact of social policies upon the public .
it is hoped that , in considering the detailed discussions of particular areas of policy [had] in the next section of this book , readers will bear in mind the importance of the implementation process for the actual impact of social policies upon the public .

For juvenile offenders the White Paper contained proposals for the courts to add a residential care order .
for juvenile offenders the white paper [had] proposals for the courts to add a residential care order .

contained a masturbation comp . ( One night ,
[had] a masturbation comp . ( one night ,

stolen , one of which contained the last and only
stolen , one of which [had] the last and only

These periods contained approximately equal numbers of cases .
these periods [had] approximately equal numbers of cases .

The record contained details of the mother 's previous pregnancies and external measurements of her pelvis , including the conjugate diameter ( distance between the symphysis pubis and the fifth lumbar vertebra ) .
the record [had] details of the mother 's previous pregnancies and external measurements of her pelvis , including the conjugate diameter ( distance between the symphysis pubis and the fifth lumbar vertebra ) .

When madness can not be contained , or attempts to control it fail repeatedly in spite of various changes in mental health policies , the answer is sought in greater powers of control and surveillance , now extended into people 's homes and the community at large .
when madness can not be [had] , or attempts to control it fail repeatedly in spite of various changes in mental health policies , the answer is sought in greater powers of control and surveillance , now extended into people 's homes and the community at large .

am very grateful to the Department of Social Security for providing the statistics contained in Tables 12.2 and 12.3 .
am very grateful to the department of social security for providing the statistics [had] in tables 12.2 and 12.3 .

Data from the Labour Force Survey for the late 1980s indicate that around a half of Afro-Caribbean households and over 70 per cent of Pakistani and Bangladeshi households contained children , compared with around one-third of white households ( Haskey , 1989 ) .
data from the labour force survey for the late 1980s indicate that around a half of afro-caribbean households and over 70 per cent of pakistani and bangladeshi households [had] children , compared with around one-third of white households ( haskey , 1989 ) .

they appear to go far beyond community care guidance contained in the Laming/Foster circulars of last year , which simply asked SSDs to develop a purchaser/provider split according to local circumstances , and most SSDs have introduced only limited contracting .
they appear to go far beyond community care guidance [had] in the laming/foster circulars of last year , which simply asked ssds to develop a purchaser/provider split according to local circumstances , and most ssds have introduced only limited contracting .

We located 5874 hospital records , 1217 of which were for demented patients aged 40 to 64 years at presentation ; 707 records were either lost or contained insufficient information to apply the diagnostic criteria .
we located 5874 hospital records , 1217 of which were for demented patients aged 40 to 64 years at presentation ; 707 records were either lost or [had] insufficient information to apply the diagnostic criteria .

From a consecutive series of 50 referral letters sent by general practitioners in Sunderland to the local department of child psychiatry , 15 items of information were identified that could account for all the information contained in the letters .
from a consecutive series of 50 referral letters sent by general practitioners in sunderland to the local department of child psychiatry , 15 items of information were identified that could account for all the information [had] in the letters .

Both cell to cell and cell to matrix receptors are contained within the remaining large family of adhesion molecules , the integrins .
both cell to cell and cell to matrix receptors are [had] within the remaining large family of adhesion molecules , the integrins .

Our study population therefore contained mainly healthy women of normal weight with apparently normal cycles , which makes comparison with the American study impossible .
our study population therefore [had] mainly healthy women of normal weight with apparently normal cycles , which makes comparison with the american study impossible .

Since one of the preparations given to the first patient contained up to 187 mg of arsenic trioxide per dose , there is a potential for fatal poisoning .
since one of the preparations given to the first patient [had] up to 187 mg of arsenic trioxide per dose , there is a potential for fatal poisoning .

The workforce ( well over 20000 men ) contained many from the Highlands and Islands , though the largest numbers were drawn from industrial parts of Scotland ( Clydeside ) and England ( Tyneside and Teesside ) that were severely affected by unemployment .
the workforce ( well over 20000 men ) [had] many from the highlands and islands , though the largest numbers were drawn from industrial parts of scotland ( clydeside ) and england ( tyneside and teesside ) that were severely affected by unemployment .

At the start of the present study and , indeed , until its analysis stage we did not associate the Dounreay-Thurso area with the oil industry , and finding that it contained a high proportion of oil workers was unexpected .
at the start of the present study and , indeed , until its analysis stage we did not associate the dounreay-thurso area with the oil industry , and finding that it [had] a high proportion of oil workers was unexpected .

We had told the women beforehand that the questionnaire contained intimate questions and that they were not obliged to answer .
we had told the women beforehand that the questionnaire [had] intimate questions and that they were not obliged to answer .

For ethical reasons a new tube had to be inserted when the original tube extruded , fluid recurred in the operated ear , and the unoperated ear still contained fluid and showed subjective and audiometric loss of hearing .
for ethical reasons a new tube had to be inserted when the original tube extruded , fluid recurred in the operated ear , and the unoperated ear still [had] fluid and showed subjective and audiometric loss of hearing .

Data from children whose ears contained fluid at the final assessment or at the last assessment before they were lost to follow up were excluded .
data from children whose ears [had] fluid at the final assessment or at the last assessment before they were lost to follow up were excluded .

More detailed examination shows that the burial at Cnoc na Faire , Ardnave , contained the skeleton of a girl and under her there was a rusty object which might have been a spear head .
more detailed examination shows that the burial at cnoc na faire , ardnave , [had] the skeleton of a girl and under her there was a rusty object which might have been a spear head .

At Ballinaby there were two Viking graves , one contained two axes , an adze , a hammer , forge tongs , an iron sword sheath , an iron boss of a shield , an iron spear and the handle of an iron pot .
at ballinaby there were two viking graves , one [had] two axes , an adze , a hammer , forge tongs , an iron sword sheath , an iron boss of a shield , an iron spear and the handle of an iron pot .

The New Statistical Account ( 1845 ) says `` During the last ten years , several stone coffins were discovered in the conical hills below Sunderland farm ; … some contained one or two urns of rudely formed unbaked clay ; others contained skulls and other human bones . ``
the new statistical account ( 1845 ) says `` during the last ten years , several stone coffins were discovered in the conical hills below sunderland farm ; … some [had] one or two urns of rudely formed unbaked clay ; others [had] skulls and other human bones . ``

Un the side of the road climbing up the Oa , at Cragabus , a much disturbed cist of three chambers contained unburnt human bones and a few pot sherds .
un the side of the road climbing up the oa , at cragabus , a much disturbed cist of three chambers [had] unburnt human bones and a few pot sherds .

At Keills a stone cist with a flat stone bottom and cover and small stones used for the walls contained a cremation in a beaker .
at keills a stone cist with a flat stone bottom and cover and small stones used for the walls [had] a cremation in a beaker .

The most famous in Islay must be those larger islands in Loch Finlaggan which contained a chapel and a complex of buildings from which the Lords of the Isles ruled their kingdom , the main island being joined to the smaller Council Isle .
the most famous in islay must be those larger islands in loch finlaggan which [had] a chapel and a complex of buildings from which the lords of the isles ruled their kingdom , the main island being joined to the smaller council isle .

In 1860 £2–10–0 was voted for the purchase of Gaelic books ; the catalogue of 1865 contained 25 titles .
in 1860 £2–10–0 was voted for the purchase of gaelic books ; the catalogue of 1865 [had] 25 titles .

15–7–1882 The communion roll contained 59 names .
15–7–1882 the communion roll [had] 59 names .

There was a Christmas tree and presents of books or toys and , as they left , each was presented with a bag which contained an orange , sweeties and raisins .
there was a christmas tree and presents of books or toys and , as they left , each was presented with a bag which [had] an orange , sweeties and raisins .

It also contained a brief description of the 30 different social care services offered , the types of patient eligible to use them , and copies of the referral form and the form used to carry out core assessments .
it also [had] a brief description of the 30 different social care services offered , the types of patient eligible to use them , and copies of the referral form and the form used to carry out core assessments .

The patches seemed to be of two types : Nicorene , Nicotine Patch , Nicocheck , and Nicoban were of closely similar or identical appearance and on analysis contained only 0.4 mg of nicotine per patch .
the patches seemed to be of two types : nicorene , nicotine patch , nicocheck , and nicoban were of closely similar or identical appearance and on analysis [had] only 0.4 mg of nicotine per patch .

The strongest , Nicostop , contained about 4 mg ( compared with values ranging between 25 and 100 mg in the licensed patches ) .
the strongest , nicostop , [had] about 4 mg ( compared with values ranging between 25 and 100 mg in the licensed patches ) .

Towards the end of the novel , the narrator records : `` What Antoine needed at that time was to find someone capable of proving to him that his past was worthy of being admired , that it contained elements worthy of gratitude and friendship . ``
towards the end of the novel , the narrator records : `` what antoine needed at that time was to find someone capable of proving to him that his past was worthy of being admired , that it [had] elements worthy of gratitude and friendship . ``

The importance of knowing the dose equivalence of β 2 agonists is highlighted by the recent experience in New Zealand , where the excess mortality associated with fenoterol has been attributed to marketing of a metered dose inhaler that contained a two to four times higher relative dose of fenoterol compared with salbutamol .
the importance of knowing the dose equivalence of β 2 agonists is highlighted by the recent experience in new zealand , where the excess mortality associated with fenoterol has been attributed to marketing of a metered dose inhaler that [had] a two to four times higher relative dose of fenoterol compared with salbutamol .

In the general population in 1987 , 11 % of households contained a non-dependent child , defined as a child over 16 , or over 19 if in full time education or training up to this age .
in the general population in 1987 , 11 % of households [had] a non-dependent child , defined as a child over 16 , or over 19 if in full time education or training up to this age .

Thus to claim that Atlantis actually existed , or that Achilles actually existed , is not to ascribe the property of existence to Atlantis or Achilles qua objects of thought , but simply to claim that the world contained Atlantis or Achilles .
thus to claim that atlantis actually existed , or that achilles actually existed , is not to ascribe the property of existence to atlantis or achilles qua objects of thought , but simply to claim that the world [had] atlantis or achilles .

As districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .
as districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be [had] within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .

This was a rather simplistic interpretation of the many disagreements which affected political life , but it contained some truth and helped to explain why France was unable to create a British or American-style two-party system : the question of authoritarianism and democracy in the constitution , which had divided Frenchmen since the Revolution , had again served to divide the country in the constitutional debates of 1946 ; the role of the Roman Catholic Church in national life divided the Christian Democrats from the other leading parties ; and questions of class conflict were particularly apparent in early 1947 in differences over wage levels .
this was a rather simplistic interpretation of the many disagreements which affected political life , but it [had] some truth and helped to explain why france was unable to create a british or american-style two-party system : the question of authoritarianism and democracy in the constitution , which had divided frenchmen since the revolution , had again served to divide the country in the constitutional debates of 1946 ; the role of the roman catholic church in national life divided the christian democrats from the other leading parties ; and questions of class conflict were particularly apparent in early 1947 in differences over wage levels .

Often such valuables were hidden in the ground , sometimes contained in a bag , wooden chest or pot .
often such valuables were hidden in the ground , sometimes [had] in a bag , wooden chest or pot .

Archaeologists have a clear responsibility : until the information contained in those records is made available to other archaeologists , and to the general public , the excavation is not complete : the information is still as inaccessible as if the site had never been excavated , and the records themselves might just as well be buried .
archaeologists have a clear responsibility : until the information [had] in those records is made available to other archaeologists , and to the general public , the excavation is not complete : the information is still as inaccessible as if the site had never been excavated , and the records themselves might just as well be buried .

The amount of detail included in such a report varies considerably , but it is always a much condensed version of the information contained in the archive , which would be far too costly to publish in its entirety .
the amount of detail included in such a report varies considerably , but it is always a much condensed version of the information [had] in the archive , which would be far too costly to publish in its entirety .

With some pottery , chemical analysis can also be used to discover what the pottery vessel may have once contained or have been used for .
with some pottery , chemical analysis can also be used to discover what the pottery vessel may have once [had] or have been used for .

The term ‘ Tyneside Conurbation ’ has been employed in relation to census data since the inter-war years but this contained four county boroughs and significant parts of the counties of Durham and Northumberland .
the term ‘ tyneside conurbation ’ has been employed in relation to census data since the inter-war years but this [had] four county boroughs and significant parts of the counties of durham and northumberland .

This contained 55 % of the area 's population in 1801 but only 11 % , in 1901 .
this [had] 55 % of the area 's population in 1801 but only 11 % , in 1901 .

It contained an area of nineteenth-century by-law housing , the old commercial centre of the town which by this time was in a semi-derelict condition , and the slum-cleared and redeveloped area of Dockwray Square with medium-rise council flats .
it [had] an area of nineteenth-century by-law housing , the old commercial centre of the town which by this time was in a semi-derelict condition , and the slum-cleared and redeveloped area of dockwray square with medium-rise council flats .

One contained a great still lake , and they crossed it along a rock-bridge that sprang dizzily from wall to wall .
one [had] a great still lake , and they crossed it along a rock-bridge that sprang dizzily from wall to wall .

For instance , while some men 's sexual fulfilment is doubtless restricted by the narrow fantasy of sex as power contained in much of contemporary pornography , others enjoy acting out those fantasies of domination on women 's bodies .
for instance , while some men 's sexual fulfilment is doubtless restricted by the narrow fantasy of sex as power [had] in much of contemporary pornography , others enjoy acting out those fantasies of domination on women 's bodies .

All towns were primitive , and contained very few public buildings .
all towns were primitive , and [had] very few public buildings .

Its wealth was largely non-industrial and it contained an enormous pool of underemployed and unemployed people .
its wealth was largely non-industrial and it [had] an enormous pool of underemployed and unemployed people .

The overall effect was that the world 's largest and richest city of the time contained the world 's most extensive slums .
the overall effect was that the world 's largest and richest city of the time [had] the world 's most extensive slums .

The second rule assisting employees is the provision contained in the legislation entitling any employee of at least two years ' standing to a written statement of reasons for dismissal .
the second rule assisting employees is the provision [had] in the legislation entitling any employee of at least two years ' standing to a written statement of reasons for dismissal .

There are detailed rules contained in regulations , which can be used strategically by representatives , and the documents used to outline the grounds of claims are increasingly being regarded as pleadings , so that inconsistencies or changes of tack revealed later may prejudice the parties .
there are detailed rules [had] in regulations , which can be used strategically by representatives , and the documents used to outline the grounds of claims are increasingly being regarded as pleadings , so that inconsistencies or changes of tack revealed later may prejudice the parties .

The constituent legislation of other tribunals contains provisions allowing access to the High Court , whereas some tribunals have to fall back on the appeals contained in s.13 of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 .
the constituent legislation of other tribunals contains provisions allowing access to the high court , whereas some tribunals have to fall back on the appeals [had] in s.13 of the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 .

Finally , it should be noted that s.14 of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 , restating a rule first contained in the 1958 Act , provides that no provision in legislation prior to 1958 should be taken as ousting the supervisory jurisdiction of the High Court , thus making clear the Government 's intention that all statutory tribunals should be subject to this jurisdiction regardless of whether other remedies are provided .
finally , it should be noted that s.14 of the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 , restating a rule first [had] in the 1958 act , provides that no provision in legislation prior to 1958 should be taken as ousting the supervisory jurisdiction of the high court , thus making clear the government 's intention that all statutory tribunals should be subject to this jurisdiction regardless of whether other remedies are provided .

The skeleton arguments must be accompanied by a chronology of events , which must be contained in a separate document for ease of consultation .
the skeleton arguments must be accompanied by a chronology of events , which must be [had] in a separate document for ease of consultation .

Greater weight is given to propositions contained in judgments where the judges took time to consider their judgments .
greater weight is given to propositions [had] in judgments where the judges took time to consider their judgments .

Within its brief text is contained a world of mystery .
within its brief text is [had] a world of mystery .

The endowment of religious houses and other institutions , though greatly reduced until the end of the century , was thereafter far from contained by this statute and can not be measured simply by the licences enrolled in chancery , since various devices were employed to circumvent the law .
the endowment of religious houses and other institutions , though greatly reduced until the end of the century , was thereafter far from [had] by this statute and can not be measured simply by the licences enrolled in chancery , since various devices were employed to circumvent the law .

When a sender judges her receiver 's schema to correspond to a significant degree with her own , she need only mention features which are not contained in it ( the time of getting up and what she had for breakfast , for example ) ; other features ( like getting out of bed and getting dressed ) will be assumed to be present by default , unless we are told otherwise .
when a sender judges her receiver 's schema to correspond to a significant degree with her own , she need only mention features which are not [had] in it ( the time of getting up and what she had for breakfast , for example ) ; other features ( like getting out of bed and getting dressed ) will be assumed to be present by default , unless we are told otherwise .

That is , it would seem , at first glance , to be a simple matter to produce ‘ the topic ’ for this discourse fragment , for it is contained in the question asked .
that is , it would seem , at first glance , to be a simple matter to produce ‘ the topic ’ for this discourse fragment , for it is [had] in the question asked .

It does suggest that the only information the discourse analyst has access to is that contained in the text of a discourse fragment .
it does suggest that the only information the discourse analyst has access to is that [had] in the text of a discourse fragment .

The arm mounting , fitted to the body at operator neck height by a rubber joint , contained an extendable piston rod with a pair of jaw grips at the end which could be flexed by the actor inside .
the arm mounting , fitted to the body at operator neck height by a rubber joint , [had] an extendable piston rod with a pair of jaw grips at the end which could be flexed by the actor inside .

Daak lifted the chainsword , and the cloak , and the upper half of the corpse it contained , and swung the whole mass .
daak lifted the chainsword , and the cloak , and the upper half of the corpse it [had] , and swung the whole mass .

But Pool is contained , and wo n't be able to absorb any more human minds .
but pool is [had] , and wo n't be able to absorb any more human minds .

The wood in Kingsley 's time contained many foreign and coniferous species , introduced by an earlier , eighteenth-century owner .
the wood in kingsley 's time [had] many foreign and coniferous species , introduced by an earlier , eighteenth-century owner .

Many of these nests now contained , in the month of June , sitting birds keeping their unhatched eggs warm .
many of these nests now [had] , in the month of june , sitting birds keeping their unhatched eggs warm .

Some contained a single bed , others were twin-bedded .
some [had] a single bed , others were twin-bedded .

The front page contained nothing to lighten his mood .
the front page [had] nothing to lighten his mood .

He read to himself for a few minutes while William perused the review section , but his agitation could not long be contained in silence .
he read to himself for a few minutes while william perused the review section , but his agitation could not long be [had] in silence .

The poisons it contained were less visible now .
the poisons it [had] were less visible now .

Your report on our company ( 29th January ) contained one important inaccuracy .
your report on our company ( 29th january ) [had] one important inaccuracy .

Two titles are scheduled for April , with excellent photographs : Susan McAffer 's Designing the Contained Garden ( £12.99 , 185470 149 5 ) , and Mary Moody 's The Gardening Year ( £12.99 , 185470 148 7 ) .
two titles are scheduled for april , with excellent photographs : susan mcaffer 's designing the [had] garden ( £12.99 , 185470 149 5 ) , and mary moody 's the gardening year ( £12.99 , 185470 148 7 ) .

She walked towards the restaurant car-a long-legged girl with burnished hair and haunted grey eyes who gripped her school satchel as if it contained her life .
she walked towards the restaurant car-a long-legged girl with burnished hair and haunted grey eyes who gripped her school satchel as if it [had] her life .

She was contained , far too contained for a girl of her age .
she was [had] , far too [had] for a girl of her age .

Yet she desperately wanted him to acknowledge her , to have some impact on his contained life .
yet she desperately wanted him to acknowledge her , to have some impact on his [had] life .

The scrap of paper it contained , torn from a telephone pad , was wrapped round the musical lighter .
the scrap of paper it [had] , torn from a telephone pad , was wrapped round the musical lighter .

The neural net controller contained 24 hidden sigmoid neurones .
the neural net controller [had] 24 hidden sigmoid neurones .

The relevant part is contained in paragraphs 474–484 .
the relevant part is [had] in paragraphs 474–484 .

The critical provisions with which we are concerned are section 7(3) and ( 4 ) and section 8(2) which reproduce provisions previously contained in section 8(3) , ( 4 ) and ( 6 ) respectively of the Act of 1972 as substituted by the Act of 1981 .
the critical provisions with which we are concerned are section 7(3) and ( 4 ) and section 8(2) which reproduce provisions previously [had] in section 8(3) , ( 4 ) and ( 6 ) respectively of the act of 1972 as substituted by the act of 1981 .

The Act of 1965 also contained , in section 2 , a provision that no person convicted of murder should be released on licence unless the Secretary of State had prior to such release consulted the Lord Chief Justice , together with the trial judge if available .
the act of 1965 also [had] , in section 2 , a provision that no person convicted of murder should be released on licence unless the secretary of state had prior to such release consulted the lord chief justice , together with the trial judge if available .

The present case is concerned with the restitutionary provisions contained in the Act .
the present case is concerned with the restitutionary provisions [had] in the act .

‘ The jurisdiction by this Act transferred to the High Court of Justice shall include ( subject to the exceptions hereinafter contained ) the jurisdiction which , at the commencement of this Act , was vested in , or capable of being exercised by , all or any one or more of the judges of the said courts , respectively , sitting in court or chambers , or elsewhere , when acting as judges or a judge , in pursuance of any statute , law , or custom , and all powers given to any such court , or to any such judges or judge , by any statute ; and also all ministerial powers , duties and authorities , incident to any and every part of the jurisdictions so transferred .
‘ the jurisdiction by this act transferred to the high court of justice shall include ( subject to the exceptions hereinafter [had] ) the jurisdiction which , at the commencement of this act , was vested in , or capable of being exercised by , all or any one or more of the judges of the said courts , respectively , sitting in court or chambers , or elsewhere , when acting as judges or a judge , in pursuance of any statute , law , or custom , and all powers given to any such court , or to any such judges or judge , by any statute ; and also all ministerial powers , duties and authorities , incident to any and every part of the jurisdictions so transferred .

For his part Mr. Collins , who appeared for the applicant , does not pursue the argument which is contained in the grounds for relief to the effect that the decision was ‘ perverse .
for his part mr. collins , who appeared for the applicant , does not pursue the argument which is [had] in the grounds for relief to the effect that the decision was ‘ perverse .

The press release which was dated 31 October 1990 summarised the effect of the intervention notice , and contained the following passage :
the press release which was dated 31 october 1990 summarised the effect of the intervention notice , and [had] the following passage :

However , Winchester did make attempts to rebut some of the allegations contained in the notice itself .
however , winchester did make attempts to rebut some of the allegations [had] in the notice itself .

There is also the problem , if Miss Marshall is correct , that you would have a situation arising where , once a statutory tenancy had ceased to exist on an order for possession being made , it would be revived if the court were to exercise the powers which are contained in subsection ( 4 ) of section 100 , subsection ( 4 ) providing :
there is also the problem , if miss marshall is correct , that you would have a situation arising where , once a statutory tenancy had ceased to exist on an order for possession being made , it would be revived if the court were to exercise the powers which are [had] in subsection ( 4 ) of section 100 , subsection ( 4 ) providing :

( 2 ) On the taking of the account the plaintiffs are entitled to object to items therein contained on the ground that they have been unreasonably incurred or are of an unreasonable amount .
( 2 ) on the taking of the account the plaintiffs are entitled to object to items therein [had] on the ground that they have been unreasonably incurred or are of an unreasonable amount .

62 , r. 24 to request a taxing master to tax any of the items of costs , including fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and remuneration , contained in the account .
62 , r. 24 to request a taxing master to tax any of the items of costs , including fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and remuneration , [had] in the account .

’ It appears that this request was contained in a letter from Mr. Qalib dated 15 December 1991 addressed to the Secretary General to the United Nations and the President of the Security Council .
’ it appears that this request was [had] in a letter from mr. qalib dated 15 december 1991 addressed to the secretary general to the united nations and the president of the security council .

The mother sought to rely upon the ‘ exception ’ which is contained within article 13 . Article 13 provides :
the mother sought to rely upon the ‘ exception ’ which is [had] within article 13 . article 13 provides :

In his well argued submissions Mr. Wall submitted that the discretion conferred on the court by article 13 ( a ) of the Convention is a discretion to be exercised ( a ) within the context of the purpose and principles laid down by the Convention and ( b ) by applying the criteria contained within the Convention itself , and that it is accordingly not a discretion to exercise the inherent jurisdiction of the court in wardship or under the Children Act 1989 so as to act in what the court perceives to be the best interests of the child .
in his well argued submissions mr. wall submitted that the discretion conferred on the court by article 13 ( a ) of the convention is a discretion to be exercised ( a ) within the context of the purpose and principles laid down by the convention and ( b ) by applying the criteria [had] within the convention itself , and that it is accordingly not a discretion to exercise the inherent jurisdiction of the court in wardship or under the children act 1989 so as to act in what the court perceives to be the best interests of the child .

Successive statutes , principally the Bankruptcy Acts and the Companies Acts , contained provisions regulating this subject matter .
successive statutes , principally the bankruptcy acts and the companies acts , [had] provisions regulating this subject matter .

Mr. Beloff submitted that there is no basis for the implication of a term to create an exception to the prohibition contained in the injunction to the effect of ‘ otherwise than pursuant to a section 39 notice .
mr. beloff submitted that there is no basis for the implication of a term to create an exception to the prohibition [had] in the injunction to the effect of ‘ otherwise than pursuant to a section 39 notice .

‘ No court may require a person to disclose , nor is any person guilty of contempt of court for refusing to disclose , the source of information contained in a publication for which he is responsible , unless it be established to the satisfaction of the court that disclosure is necessary in the interests of justice or national security or for the prevention of disorder or crime .
‘ no court may require a person to disclose , nor is any person guilty of contempt of court for refusing to disclose , the source of information [had] in a publication for which he is responsible , unless it be established to the satisfaction of the court that disclosure is necessary in the interests of justice or national security or for the prevention of disorder or crime .

This is contained in section 1 , which provides that the Bank of England shall have the powers conferred on it by the Act , and also ‘ the duty generally to supervise the institutions authorised by it in the exercise of those powers .
this is [had] in section 1 , which provides that the bank of england shall have the powers conferred on it by the act , and also ‘ the duty generally to supervise the institutions authorised by it in the exercise of those powers .

The legal charge , signed by both Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien , contained a charge of 151 , Farnham Lane to secure the payment of any liabilities of Mr. O'Brien to the bank .
the legal charge , signed by both mr. and mrs. o'brien , [had] a charge of 151 , farnham lane to secure the payment of any liabilities of mr. o'brien to the bank .

’ This definition was not carried forward into the later Acts , although both the Act of 1979 and the current Act did reproduce some of the provisions regarding depositors which were contained in the Act of 1963 .
’ this definition was not carried forward into the later acts , although both the act of 1979 and the current act did reproduce some of the provisions regarding depositors which were [had] in the act of 1963 .

The indictment contained two counts as follows : ‘ Count 1 .
the indictment [had] two counts as follows : ‘ count 1 .

The lease contained the normal covenant for payment of rent and the usual qualified covenant against assignment , with a proviso that every assignment should contain a covenant by the assignee directly with the landlord to observe and perform the covenants and conditions of the lease .
the lease [had] the normal covenant for payment of rent and the usual qualified covenant against assignment , with a proviso that every assignment should contain a covenant by the assignee directly with the landlord to observe and perform the covenants and conditions of the lease .

The lease contained the usual proviso for forfeiture for non-payment of rent and failure to perform other covenants and concluded with a covenant by the sureties in the normal form .
the lease [had] the usual proviso for forfeiture for non-payment of rent and failure to perform other covenants and concluded with a covenant by the sureties in the normal form .

‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore [had] and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein [had] and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .

‘ The purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions therein contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .
‘ the purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions therein [had] on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .

He submitted that the order itself had made a compromise because it contained the words ‘ counterclaim withdrawn ’ and because it dealt with the rent so that the plaintiffs had no further claim in respect of it .
he submitted that the order itself had made a compromise because it [had] the words ‘ counterclaim withdrawn ’ and because it dealt with the rent so that the plaintiffs had no further claim in respect of it .

This legal bonanza was obviously too good to last and ultimately matters were brought to a head in a series of compromises , as a result of which the lease was forfeited but the plaintiffs abandoned all its money claims in the relevant action other than for arrears of rent , and — and for the present purposes this is the crucial matter — the plaintiff released the surety unconditionally from his personal guarantee contained in the licence of 3 December 1973 .
this legal bonanza was obviously too good to last and ultimately matters were brought to a head in a series of compromises , as a result of which the lease was forfeited but the plaintiffs abandoned all its money claims in the relevant action other than for arrears of rent , and — and for the present purposes this is the crucial matter — the plaintiff released the surety unconditionally from his personal guarantee [had] in the licence of 3 december 1973 .

‘ These two cases , then , make it perfectly clear that when he is sued , as in the present case , on the covenants contained in the original lease , the original tenant 's only possible defences are either : ( 1 ) that he has performed the covenants ; or ( 2 ) that the relevant assignee has performed the covenants ; or ( 3 ) there has been some other operation conducted upon the lease — for example surrender of the whole — which has put a complete end to the liability to pay rent .
‘ these two cases , then , make it perfectly clear that when he is sued , as in the present case , on the covenants [had] in the original lease , the original tenant 's only possible defences are either : ( 1 ) that he has performed the covenants ; or ( 2 ) that the relevant assignee has performed the covenants ; or ( 3 ) there has been some other operation conducted upon the lease — for example surrender of the whole — which has put a complete end to the liability to pay rent .

‘ Now the deed contained an express clause that the release to Goddard should not operate to discharge any one jointly or otherwise liable to the plaintiff for the same debts .
‘ now the deed [had] an express clause that the release to goddard should not operate to discharge any one jointly or otherwise liable to the plaintiff for the same debts .

Since that traditional concept of domicile turned out to be unworkable for the purposes of the Brussels Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters 1968 , the Civil Jurisdiction and Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act 1982 , which incorporated the Brussels Convention into English law , contained a new definition of ‘ domicile ’ involving in effect residence in a country with which the person concerned had a substantial connection .
since that traditional concept of domicile turned out to be unworkable for the purposes of the brussels convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters 1968 , the civil jurisdiction and enforcement of foreign judgments act 1982 , which incorporated the brussels convention into english law , [had] a new definition of ‘ domicile ’ involving in effect residence in a country with which the person concerned had a substantial connection .

The first point raised by Mr. Leonard on behalf of the appellant , and contained within grounds 1 and 5 of his grounds of appeal was that the assistant recorder was wrong in law in holding and in so directing the jury that the services offered were capable of amounting to services provided under an office or employment within the meaning of the Act of 1968 and , further , that he was wrong in refusing to quash the counts on those grounds .
the first point raised by mr. leonard on behalf of the appellant , and [had] within grounds 1 and 5 of his grounds of appeal was that the assistant recorder was wrong in law in holding and in so directing the jury that the services offered were capable of amounting to services provided under an office or employment within the meaning of the act of 1968 and , further , that he was wrong in refusing to quash the counts on those grounds .

First , that the assistant recorder refused to quash these two counts , notwithstanding that the evidential basis for the allegation that the appellant was engaged in an office or employment in consequence of his false representations was not contained in any of the committal statements , nor in any evidence that had been led before the jury , and that the appellant had not been committed for trial on the offences alleged .
first , that the assistant recorder refused to quash these two counts , notwithstanding that the evidential basis for the allegation that the appellant was engaged in an office or employment in consequence of his false representations was not [had] in any of the committal statements , nor in any evidence that had been led before the jury , and that the appellant had not been committed for trial on the offences alleged .

‘ Dr. Roy 's printed case contained detailed arguments in favour of a contract between him and the committee , but before your Lordships Mr. Lightman simply argued that the doctor had a private law right , whether contractual or statutory .
‘ dr. roy 's printed case [had] detailed arguments in favour of a contract between him and the committee , but before your lordships mr. lightman simply argued that the doctor had a private law right , whether contractual or statutory .

Zaidie 's statement also contained damaging but inadmissible evidence of threats allegedly uttered to Paulette and Zaidie 's brother which was not adduced at the trial .
zaidie 's statement also [had] damaging but inadmissible evidence of threats allegedly uttered to paulette and zaidie 's brother which was not adduced at the trial .

Zaidie 's deposition , it should be added , contained a statement that about 20 or 21 December 1986 , on Zaidie 's return from his honeymoon in Miami , the defendant had telephoned him and had said he was sorry for the threats he had made against the lives of Zaidie and Paulette .
zaidie 's deposition , it should be added , [had] a statement that about 20 or 21 december 1986 , on zaidie 's return from his honeymoon in miami , the defendant had telephoned him and had said he was sorry for the threats he had made against the lives of zaidie and paulette .

It is convenient first to consider an argument on behalf of the local authority that the relevant statutory provisions are those contained in the Housing Act 1985 .
it is convenient first to consider an argument on behalf of the local authority that the relevant statutory provisions are those [had] in the housing act 1985 .

The provisions which replace those contained in section 10 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1957 are to be found in section 193 of and Schedule 10 to the Housing Act 1985 .
the provisions which replace those [had] in section 10 ( 3 ) of the act of 1957 are to be found in section 193 of and schedule 10 to the housing act 1985 .

They are contained in sections 8 and 19 of the Coroners Act 1988 .
they are [had] in sections 8 and 19 of the coroners act 1988 .

The crux of the applicant 's argument is contained in a sentence from Thurston , Coronership , 3rd ed .
the crux of the applicant 's argument is [had] in a sentence from thurston , coronership , 3rd ed .

Section 4 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the Act of 1914 also contained various grounds of jurisdiction , including when the debtor , ‘ has carried on business in England , personally or by means of an agent or manager ’ within a year before the presentation of the petition .
section 4 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the act of 1914 also [had] various grounds of jurisdiction , including when the debtor , ‘ has carried on business in england , personally or by means of an agent or manager ’ within a year before the presentation of the petition .

The prosecution sought to adduce in evidence documents which contained statements made by the defendant in the earlier bankruptcy proceedings .
the prosecution sought to adduce in evidence documents which [had] statements made by the defendant in the earlier bankruptcy proceedings .

By that report the guardian ad litem recommended that a residence order be made in favour of the father and her report contained passages critical of the local authority .
by that report the guardian ad litem recommended that a residence order be made in favour of the father and her report [had] passages critical of the local authority .

The answer of the court was that ‘ the prohibition contained in article 30 of the Treaty , properly construed , does not apply to national legislation prohibiting the employment of staff on Sundays .
the answer of the court was that ‘ the prohibition [had] in article 30 of the treaty , properly construed , does not apply to national legislation prohibiting the employment of staff on sundays .

By a notice of appeal dated 23 April 1992 the Treasury Solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the Act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a Crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the Crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the United Kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the Act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the Crown as a party to the Hague Convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .
by a notice of appeal dated 23 april 1992 the treasury solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the evidence ( proceedings in other jurisdictions ) act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion [had] in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the united kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the crown as a party to the hague convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .

By the agreement , the London County Council let to one Nathan a strip of land with a frontage of 36 feet to Walworth Road , a thoroughfare in Southwark , and a depth of 25 feet at a rent of £30 per annum from 19 December 1930 ‘ until the tenancy shall be determined as hereinafter provided . ’ The only relevant proviso for determination is contained in clause 6 which reads :
by the agreement , the london county council let to one nathan a strip of land with a frontage of 36 feet to walworth road , a thoroughfare in southwark , and a depth of 25 feet at a rent of £30 per annum from 19 december 1930 ‘ until the tenancy shall be determined as hereinafter provided . ’ the only relevant proviso for determination is [had] in clause 6 which reads :

References in this book to sections are to those contained in this Act .
references in this book to sections are to those [had] in this act .

References in this book to rules are to those contained in these rules .
references in this book to rules are to those [had] in these rules .

The forms contained in Schedule 4 to the rules must be used with such variations , if any , as the circumstances require ( r 12.7 ) .
the forms [had] in schedule 4 to the rules must be used with such variations , if any , as the circumstances require ( r 12.7 ) .

The court may make a bankruptcy order if satisfied that the statements contained in the petition are true and the debt has not been paid , secured or compounded for ( r 6.25(1) ) .
the court may make a bankruptcy order if satisfied that the statements [had] in the petition are true and the debt has not been paid , secured or compounded for ( r 6.25(1) ) .

About 250lb ( 113kg ) of this total is contained in the knuckle , well outboard of what would be the normal line of the topsides .
about 250lb ( 113kg ) of this total is [had] in the knuckle , well outboard of what would be the normal line of the topsides .

From one peeped the inevitable sausages and the other contained an amorphous dark grey mass liberally speckled with black foreign bodies of varying size .
from one peeped the inevitable sausages and the other [had] an amorphous dark grey mass liberally speckled with black foreign bodies of varying size .

It contained a large white marble bust of the Shah 's father , Reza Shah , who had dominated his son as much as he had his country .
it [had] a large white marble bust of the shah 's father , reza shah , who had dominated his son as much as he had his country .

Around the main tent were scores of smaller tents for the famous and not-so-famous guests , many of whom were the important or merely rich foreign friends , in France , and contained two bedroom , two marble bathrooms , and a small chic sitting room .
around the main tent were scores of smaller tents for the famous and not-so-famous guests , many of whom were the important or merely rich foreign friends , in france , and [had] two bedroom , two marble bathrooms , and a small chic sitting room .

He would delight in the Queens features contained in a perfect heart-shaped face : strangely pale but piercing blue eyes ; crimson-coloured lips curling like wrought-iron volutes ; and the way in which the dark hair grows beautifully from the forehead .
he would delight in the queens features [had] in a perfect heart-shaped face : strangely pale but piercing blue eyes ; crimson-coloured lips curling like wrought-iron volutes ; and the way in which the dark hair grows beautifully from the forehead .

It is supposed to be concealed in a secret bunker and contained in about 40 packing cases .
it is supposed to be concealed in a secret bunker and [had] in about 40 packing cases .

Would you like to see Britain as virtually one huge archaeological site ? That is just about the threat contained in the following proposals . The Labour Party states that :
would you like to see britain as virtually one huge archaeological site ? that is just about the threat [had] in the following proposals . the labour party states that :

Hannah also recalls this meeting , which was to have a most satisfying outcome She was surprised to learn that her meadows contained so much of ecological value and was somewhat confused at first when Mike Prosser turned up that day .
hannah also recalls this meeting , which was to have a most satisfying outcome she was surprised to learn that her meadows [had] so much of ecological value and was somewhat confused at first when mike prosser turned up that day .

But it was a neat chaos of boxes piled on each other , cakes still in the tins they came in and hatboxes , one of which contained the last remaining ball of her long-ago childhood .
but it was a neat chaos of boxes piled on each other , cakes still in the tins they came in and hatboxes , one of which [had] the last remaining ball of her long-ago childhood .

On one of their visits , there was an uncanny , if hilarious , echo of the kind of political and religious turmoil experienced by Olive 's family in years gone by One day they were boarding a boat and noticed it contained a large number of sticks , shaped like rifles . On enquiring their purpose , the boatman explained they were used for drilling by the Orangemen on the estate , but they were passed on each week to the Sinn Feiners for their drill night !
on one of their visits , there was an uncanny , if hilarious , echo of the kind of political and religious turmoil experienced by olive 's family in years gone by one day they were boarding a boat and noticed it [had] a large number of sticks , shaped like rifles . on enquiring their purpose , the boatman explained they were used for drilling by the orangemen on the estate , but they were passed on each week to the sinn feiners for their drill night !

The concluding section of the show , ‘ The Point of Analysis ’ , contained drawings by Cézanne , Bomberg , and Victor Newsome which were predominantly concerned with rigorous dissection of form .
the concluding section of the show , ‘ the point of analysis ’ , [had] drawings by cézanne , bomberg , and victor newsome which were predominantly concerned with rigorous dissection of form .

Simultaneously the work explores the very private , often hidden world of women 's personal everyday histories ; ‘ Each handbag has a particular personality of its own — on opening one a strong perfume filled the air , another was entirely practical , filled with hairpins and half a broken comb , a third contained a funeral card ’ .
simultaneously the work explores the very private , often hidden world of women 's personal everyday histories ; ‘ each handbag has a particular personality of its own — on opening one a strong perfume filled the air , another was entirely practical , filled with hairpins and half a broken comb , a third [had] a funeral card ’ .

At this stage , Baba uncovered that the drama contained yet another player : the chub Zacco temmincki .
at this stage , baba uncovered that the drama [had] yet another player : the chub zacco temmincki .

For me , the forest of my village contained a lot of secret and mysterious things .
for me , the forest of my village [had] a lot of secret and mysterious things .

The prime responsibility , however , rests with the individual counsellor to establish supportive relationships in which he or she is able to feel that stress is contained and processed and that feedback from those relationships is given in an honest and constructive manner .
the prime responsibility , however , rests with the individual counsellor to establish supportive relationships in which he or she is able to feel that stress is [had] and processed and that feedback from those relationships is given in an honest and constructive manner .

Each group of laws is fairly self contained and usually easy to understand .
each group of laws is fairly self [had] and usually easy to understand .

( b ) and ( c ) The special provisions relating to the renewal of a licence are contained in s.24 .
( b ) and ( c ) the special provisions relating to the renewal of a licence are [had] in s.24 .

The Customs and Excise Act 1952 , which contained a definition of `` sale by retail `` , was repealed in 1981 .
the customs and excise act 1952 , which [had] a definition of `` sale by retail `` , was repealed in 1981 .

( 2 ) The clerk of a licensing board shall , when lawfully required , make out a duplicate of any licence issued by him under this section and shall certify such duplicate to be a true copy of the original licence , and any such duplicate , duly certified as aforesaid , shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein contained and of the terms of the original licence .
( 2 ) the clerk of a licensing board shall , when lawfully required , make out a duplicate of any licence issued by him under this section and shall certify such duplicate to be a true copy of the original licence , and any such duplicate , duly certified as aforesaid , shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein [had] and of the terms of the original licence .

The defence contained in the proviso applies only to a contravention of subs .
the defence [had] in the proviso applies only to a contravention of subs .

Maria Luigia also extended the Palatine Library , which had been founded by Philip of Bourbon , Duke of Parma , and contained a complete collection of the works printed by the press of Giambattista Bodoni together with the original type faces .
maria luigia also extended the palatine library , which had been founded by philip of bourbon , duke of parma , and [had] a complete collection of the works printed by the press of giambattista bodoni together with the original type faces .

In quantum physics the Big Bang is seen as a point of infinite density within which the whole universe is contained and from where the universe springs .
in quantum physics the big bang is seen as a point of infinite density within which the whole universe is [had] and from where the universe springs .

’ There is a listing of the shrub , the phet , ’ Posi said , in the galactic Bioregister contained in the Encyclobanks .
’ there is a listing of the shrub , the phet , ’ posi said , in the galactic bioregister [had] in the encyclobanks .

In some ways , however , these disputes have been contained because certain scholars have written books on the constitution that have endured to be widely regarded as so authoritative that they define the parameters of acceptable constitutional debate and almost the very constitution itself .
in some ways , however , these disputes have been [had] because certain scholars have written books on the constitution that have endured to be widely regarded as so authoritative that they define the parameters of acceptable constitutional debate and almost the very constitution itself .

The act may have been intended as a `` final measure `` by those who wished to steady things , but the flow of politics is rarely so easily contained by the comma of a constitutional concession .
the act may have been intended as a `` final measure `` by those who wished to steady things , but the flow of politics is rarely so easily [had] by the comma of a constitutional concession .

Politically , the democratic aspirations of the popular — radical tradition were effectively contained within a Liberal movement dominated nationally by middle class and aristocratic elites , and the Conservatives mobilised many working-class Tories into their camp .
politically , the democratic aspirations of the popular — radical tradition were effectively [had] within a liberal movement dominated nationally by middle class and aristocratic elites , and the conservatives mobilised many working-class tories into their camp .

There is no reason why it should not limit the uncertainty contained in the future to those most unpredictable or surprising events , which will almost always be impossible to forecast .
there is no reason why it should not limit the uncertainty [had] in the future to those most unpredictable or surprising events , which will almost always be impossible to forecast .

The objective of this chapter , is to illustrate in practical terms some of the material contained in the three previous chapters .
the objective of this chapter , is to illustrate in practical terms some of the material [had] in the three previous chapters .

Each of these chapters contained at least some description of how the concepts and techniques they described could be put to practical use to build up market knowledge .
each of these chapters [had] at least some description of how the concepts and techniques they described could be put to practical use to build up market knowledge .

Jung , unlike Freud , believed that the symbols , or archetypes contained in dreams and hallucinations were more than the manifestation of sexual hang-ups .
jung , unlike freud , believed that the symbols , or archetypes [had] in dreams and hallucinations were more than the manifestation of sexual hang-ups .

That is the proposition contained in the Bill .
that is the proposition [had] in the bill .

The Scottish bus passengers consultative committee proposed in new clause 5 would consider the needs of the disabled if representations were made to it Provisions for the disabled should also be contained in the code of conduct that we have asked to be drawn up .
the scottish bus passengers consultative committee proposed in new clause 5 would consider the needs of the disabled if representations were made to it provisions for the disabled should also be [had] in the code of conduct that we have asked to be drawn up .

It contained 19 psalms ( with other cantiques ) , translated by Marot , six by Calvin himself , some of the melodies by a Strasbourg musician , Mathias Greiter ( c. 1490–1550 ) .
it [had] 19 psalms ( with other cantiques ) , translated by marot , six by calvin himself , some of the melodies by a strasbourg musician , mathias greiter ( c. 1490–1550 ) .

The vihuela tablatures contained villancicos and romances — with the melody in red figures– as in Luis Milan 's El Maestro ( Valencia , 1535 or 6 ) , so that it could easily be sung as well as played .
the vihuela tablatures [had] villancicos and romances — with the melody in red figures– as in luis milan 's el maestro ( valencia , 1535 or 6 ) , so that it could easily be sung as well as played .

Yet the extracts from the diaries of staff contained in this account demonstrate the stress and emotional intensity encountered in working in a small school of this kind .
yet the extracts from the diaries of staff [had] in this account demonstrate the stress and emotional intensity encountered in working in a small school of this kind .

Fashions are forever fickle ; but to Laura they contained many constants .
fashions are forever fickle ; but to laura they [had] many constants .

And yet Laura 's simple , but devastatingly effective attitude towards sexual attractiveness contained an essential contradiction .
and yet laura 's simple , but devastatingly effective attitude towards sexual attractiveness [had] an essential contradiction .

‘ Are you all right this morning , cara ? ’ Roman 's husky enquiry contained layers of male emotion , cautious and triumphant , protective and possessive , the conqueror and the persuader …
‘ are you all right this morning , cara ? ’ roman 's husky enquiry [had] layers of male emotion , cautious and triumphant , protective and possessive , the conqueror and the persuader …

Deep shelves on the opposite wall contained boxes of tinned food and crates of spirits .
deep shelves on the opposite wall [had] boxes of tinned food and crates of spirits .

In 1969 , for example , the polytechnics contained 163,000 students , of whom 67,000 were full-time or sandwich and 96,000 part-time .
in 1969 , for example , the polytechnics [had] 163,000 students , of whom 67,000 were full-time or sandwich and 96,000 part-time .

The cards were in the name of Rachel DeValerian ; the wallet contained a set of references for Mary Jennings , including the documentation for a degree in economics , and a letter of introduction to Michael Lever , the director of a company called MemSys .
the cards were in the name of rachel devalerian ; the wallet [had] a set of references for mary jennings , including the documentation for a degree in economics , and a letter of introduction to michael lever , the director of a company called memsys .

As indeed he ought , for the virus it contained was deadly .
as indeed he ought , for the virus it [had] was deadly .

She liked the nights in the country better ; the mixed smells of the town contained more human corruption : the health of animal dung 's pungency was missing in the ammoniac whiffs from the town culvert , and the touch of the air was never quite as lively as in the yard .
she liked the nights in the country better ; the mixed smells of the town [had] more human corruption : the health of animal dung 's pungency was missing in the ammoniac whiffs from the town culvert , and the touch of the air was never quite as lively as in the yard .

He then slid these combs into different hives , and simple observation revealed which hives contained hygienic bees .
he then slid these combs into different hives , and simple observation revealed which hives [had] hygienic bees .

On the first page of his book Evolution and Modification of Behaviour ( 1965 ) he wrote ‘ no biologist in his right senses will forget that the blueprint contained in the genome requires innumerable environmental factors in order to be realized in the phenogeny ( development ) of structures and functions ’ .
on the first page of his book evolution and modification of behaviour ( 1965 ) he wrote ‘ no biologist in his right senses will forget that the blueprint [had] in the genome requires innumerable environmental factors in order to be realized in the phenogeny ( development ) of structures and functions ’ .

It was first observed early in the century that there is usually only about 10 % as much energy ( in the form of animal matter ) at one level of the food chain as at the next level down ; at any one place , about 10 % as much energy will be contained in the carnivores as in the herbivores .
it was first observed early in the century that there is usually only about 10 % as much energy ( in the form of animal matter ) at one level of the food chain as at the next level down ; at any one place , about 10 % as much energy will be [had] in the carnivores as in the herbivores .

Again , all the dishes contained the same scented food , but the bees mainly went to the dish that the first bee had been to .
again , all the dishes [had] the same scented food , but the bees mainly went to the dish that the first bee had been to .

For example , in a sample of 725 copulating pairs of two species of cicada , which are distinguishable but similar in appearance to the human eye , only seven contained members of two species ; the other 718 were matings of the same species .
for example , in a sample of 725 copulating pairs of two species of cicada , which are distinguishable but similar in appearance to the human eye , only seven [had] members of two species ; the other 718 were matings of the same species .

The theory can be contained in a coherent modern formulation .
the theory can be [had] in a coherent modern formulation .

The room contained two hard chairs , a desk and an upright piano .
the room [had] two hard chairs , a desk and an upright piano .

It contained a pound of raw stewing steak , laced with Seconal for good measure .
it [had] a pound of raw stewing steak , laced with seconal for good measure .

The wallet contained an assortment of plastic cards and sixty pounds in notes .
the wallet [had] an assortment of plastic cards and sixty pounds in notes .

The bedroom contained little but a bed , a trunk and an old photograph of Celia .
the bedroom [had] little but a bed , a trunk and an old photograph of celia .

It contained no clues to Henry 's professional interests and gave few hints about his private tastes .
it [had] no clues to henry 's professional interests and gave few hints about his private tastes .

Most local newspapers contained numerous advertisements for and by people wanting children to nurse .
most local newspapers [had] numerous advertisements for and by people wanting children to nurse .

The works of Metzinger , Gleizes and Le Fauconnier had been hung together by chance at the Salon d'Automne of 1910 , but the common characteristics which the critics saw in their styles , and the excitement expressed by the poets and authors at Mercereau 's and at the Closerie des Lilas over the possibilities of a new school of painting , seem to have made the painters aware of each other ; Apollinaire and Salmon in particular , although both were in many ways insensitive to painting , realized that Picasso 's latest style contained the elements of a new art , and felt that the work of several other painters was evolving in a similar direction .
the works of metzinger , gleizes and le fauconnier had been hung together by chance at the salon d'automne of 1910 , but the common characteristics which the critics saw in their styles , and the excitement expressed by the poets and authors at mercereau 's and at the closerie des lilas over the possibilities of a new school of painting , seem to have made the painters aware of each other ; apollinaire and salmon in particular , although both were in many ways insensitive to painting , realized that picasso 's latest style [had] the elements of a new art , and felt that the work of several other painters was evolving in a similar direction .

Salmon 's La Jeune Peinture Contemporaine , which contained an Histoire anécdotique du Cubisme , was published in the following month .
salmon 's la jeune peinture contemporaine , which [had] an histoire anécdotique du cubisme , was published in the following month .

’ Even pictorial Futurism of course contained much that was new ; as opposed to Cubism it was primarily an art of movement , concerned with treating large ambitious subjects , and with an aggressively contemporary aesthetic which expressed itself in its destructive attitude towards the past and a glorification of the machine ; unlike Cubism it was a highly romantic and literary kind of painting .
’ even pictorial futurism of course [had] much that was new ; as opposed to cubism it was primarily an art of movement , concerned with treating large ambitious subjects , and with an aggressively contemporary aesthetic which expressed itself in its destructive attitude towards the past and a glorification of the machine ; unlike cubism it was a highly romantic and literary kind of painting .

Her universe contained only one , the rest were bit players , successful or not .
her universe [had] only one , the rest were bit players , successful or not .

This was undoubtedly due partly to the war and partly because the statutes contained criteria which were felt to be less justiciable : if the minister stated that a regulation concerning trademarks was necessary for securing the safety of the realm the court would not adjudicate upon this .
this was undoubtedly due partly to the war and partly because the statutes [had] criteria which were felt to be less justiciable : if the minister stated that a regulation concerning trademarks was necessary for securing the safety of the realm the court would not adjudicate upon this .

Today , the amount of information contained on a pair of floppy disks could fill an average-size book .
today , the amount of information [had] on a pair of floppy disks could fill an average-size book .

He took up an idea from a previous inventor , an Englishman named Charles Babbage , namely the punched card , but designed an electro-mechanical device called a tabulator to ‘ read ’ the information contained on the card .
he took up an idea from a previous inventor , an englishman named charles babbage , namely the punched card , but designed an electro-mechanical device called a tabulator to ‘ read ’ the information [had] on the card .

In addition to the basic reading material , the advertising contained in each edition reflects the segmentation .
in addition to the basic reading material , the advertising [had] in each edition reflects the segmentation .

Out of the rock 's foot grew a shadow so dark that it contained all colours .
out of the rock 's foot grew a shadow so dark that it [had] all colours .

The first group contained seven pennies and three halfpennies .
the first group [had] seven pennies and three halfpennies .

The second group contained pieces of paper .
the second group [had] pieces of paper .

The third group contained a variety of items .
the third group [had] a variety of items .

The Common contained a disused quarry , two ponds and a steep-sided stream , all of which had been fenced off after years of complaint .
the common [had] a disused quarry , two ponds and a steep-sided stream , all of which had been fenced off after years of complaint .

Over an area of 520 km 2 restrictions were imposed on the distribution of milk which contained more than 3700 Bq/l ( 0.1 uCi/l ) of iodine-131 .
over an area of 520 km 2 restrictions were imposed on the distribution of milk which [had] more than 3700 bq/l ( 0.1 uci/l ) of iodine-131 .

California , which was exempt from the federal ruling that no state could adopt emission standards for new vehicles more stringent than the federal ones , passed the Pure Air Act of 1968 , which contained explicit emission standards for hydrocarbons , carbon monoxide and oxides of nitrogen for post-1970 new vehicles .
california , which was exempt from the federal ruling that no state could adopt emission standards for new vehicles more stringent than the federal ones , passed the pure air act of 1968 , which [had] explicit emission standards for hydrocarbons , carbon monoxide and oxides of nitrogen for post-1970 new vehicles .

Laurent 's classic book of 1855 contained chemical equations like ours ; writing for instance the reaction of potassium carbonate and sulphuric acid as :
laurent 's classic book of 1855 [had] chemical equations like ours ; writing for instance the reaction of potassium carbonate and sulphuric acid as :

As well as medical preparations , it contained a great deal of comparative anatomy , including fossils .
as well as medical preparations , it [had] a great deal of comparative anatomy , including fossils .

Like any good piece of natural theology , it also contained a lot of popular science ; and many people must have learned about the laws of thermodynamics from reading this introduction to them .
like any good piece of natural theology , it also [had] a lot of popular science ; and many people must have learned about the laws of thermodynamics from reading this introduction to them .

In 1882 the Society for Psychical Research was founded ; at first it contained both convinced spiritualists and sober enquirers like Sidgwick , but soon the spiritualists left .
in 1882 the society for psychical research was founded ; at first it [had] both convinced spiritualists and sober enquirers like sidgwick , but soon the spiritualists left .

As such , it contained a section of ‘ original articles ’ , some of them in effect disguised editorials , which were signed , with an indication of status .
as such , it [had] a section of ‘ original articles ’ , some of them in effect disguised editorials , which were signed , with an indication of status .

He invented the radiometer , a perplexing scientific toy in which a small propeller contained in an evacuated bulb has its vanes blackened on one side ; when light falls on it , the propeller turns .
he invented the radiometer , a perplexing scientific toy in which a small propeller [had] in an evacuated bulb has its vanes blackened on one side ; when light falls on it , the propeller turns .

The new proposals contained a revised list of the territories the Gruagach were prepared to cede to Reflection in exchange for her daughter but Caspar , who had managed to get a look at these , had told Floy that the Gruagach were only ceding some barren bits of wasteland surrounding the Robemaker 's workshops , the Lake of Dhairbhreach — which nobody in their right minds would want — and a mountain or two .
the new proposals [had] a revised list of the territories the gruagach were prepared to cede to reflection in exchange for her daughter but caspar , who had managed to get a look at these , had told floy that the gruagach were only ceding some barren bits of wasteland surrounding the robemaker 's workshops , the lake of dhairbhreach — which nobody in their right minds would want — and a mountain or two .

Consequently , while local authorities in Britain do not have a ‘ general competence ’ to do whatever they wish in their local areas , the variation in functions and standards between one authority and another may be considerable — to an extent which seemingly belies the simplicity of lists of services such as those contained in Figures 8.4 and 8.5 .
consequently , while local authorities in britain do not have a ‘ general competence ’ to do whatever they wish in their local areas , the variation in functions and standards between one authority and another may be considerable — to an extent which seemingly belies the simplicity of lists of services such as those [had] in figures 8.4 and 8.5 .

One important default power is that contained in the Housing Act , 1980 , which can be brought into effect whenever the minister considers that tenants are having difficulty in exercising their right to buy a council property ‘ effectively and expeditiously ’ .
one important default power is that [had] in the housing act , 1980 , which can be brought into effect whenever the minister considers that tenants are having difficulty in exercising their right to buy a council property ‘ effectively and expeditiously ’ .

It contained two main provisions .
it [had] two main provisions .

For all these reasons the apparently draconian central powers contained in the 1984 Rates Act had a surprisingly limited effect in terms not only of the numbers of authorities rate-capped but also in terms of the capping limits actually imposed .
for all these reasons the apparently draconian central powers [had] in the 1984 rates act had a surprisingly limited effect in terms not only of the numbers of authorities rate-capped but also in terms of the capping limits actually imposed .

If there were such ‘ memory peptides ’ and each was present in the brain in the concentration of scotophobin , then to code for the memories of a human lifetime would demand that the brain contained a mass of peptides weighing something of the order of 100 kilograms — or rather more than the weight of an average human .
if there were such ‘ memory peptides ’ and each was present in the brain in the concentration of scotophobin , then to code for the memories of a human lifetime would demand that the brain [had] a mass of peptides weighing something of the order of 100 kilograms — or rather more than the weight of an average human .

To assume that all the chlorophyll is contained in diatoms and other algal cells of similar size may , however , be misleading .
to assume that all the chlorophyll is [had] in diatoms and other algal cells of similar size may , however , be misleading .

For Antarctic waters El-Sayed and Weber ( 1986 ) reported that up to 70 % of chlorophyll a in the water column was contained in particles smaller than l um .
for antarctic waters el-sayed and weber ( 1986 ) reported that up to 70 % of chlorophyll a in the water column was [had] in particles smaller than l um .

The man sitting next to her was like a porcelain buddha , rotund and self contained , the skin without a wrinkle despite being fifty or so years old .
the man sitting next to her was like a porcelain buddha , rotund and self [had] , the skin without a wrinkle despite being fifty or so years old .

Authority policy on the curriculum was contained in various documents .
authority policy on the curriculum was [had] in various documents .

The 1990 White Paper ( Cm 1021 , 1990 ) contained another shift of the goal posts .
the 1990 white paper ( cm 1021 , 1990 ) [had] another shift of the goal posts .

Politicians are elected on party manifestos which have , increasingly since the Second World War , contained social policy commitments that must be carried out by local authorities but are often contentious .
politicians are elected on party manifestos which have , increasingly since the second world war , [had] social policy commitments that must be carried out by local authorities but are often contentious .

It was crucial for successful demand management that central government generated or contained investment to an appropriate level .
it was crucial for successful demand management that central government generated or [had] investment to an appropriate level .

On opening it , she found that it contained a note from Ben .
on opening it , she found that it [had] a note from ben .

The area surrounding Monboddo must have contained an aerodrome at some stage , perhaps during wartime , as evidenced in a few remaining Nissen huts , now filled with old packing cases and pallets , and undistinguished , domestic timber artefacts of all sorts .
the area surrounding monboddo must have [had] an aerodrome at some stage , perhaps during wartime , as evidenced in a few remaining nissen huts , now filled with old packing cases and pallets , and undistinguished , domestic timber artefacts of all sorts .

Works by Hogarth hung in the gallery at Slains : the library contained ‘ a valuable numerous collection ’ , and Boswell renders one of his usual excellent off-the-cuff services to our understanding of eighteenth-century domestic arrangements : ‘ The noble owner has built of brick , along the square on the inside , a gallery , both on the first and second story , the house being no higher ; so that he has always a dry walk , and the rooms , to which formerly there was no approach but through each other , have now all separate entries from the gallery . ’
works by hogarth hung in the gallery at slains : the library [had] ‘ a valuable numerous collection ’ , and boswell renders one of his usual excellent off-the-cuff services to our understanding of eighteenth-century domestic arrangements : ‘ the noble owner has built of brick , along the square on the inside , a gallery , both on the first and second story , the house being no higher ; so that he has always a dry walk , and the rooms , to which formerly there was no approach but through each other , have now all separate entries from the gallery . ’

His letter to Mrs Thrale contained more detail , expressed with greater pungency , and it confirms the ‘ Dark Continent ’ feel of his experience : ‘ The Inhabitants , a very coarse tribe , ignorant of any language but earse [ sic ] , gathered so fast about us , that if we had not had Highlanders with us , they might have caused more alarm than pleasure .
his letter to mrs thrale [had] more detail , expressed with greater pungency , and it confirms the ‘ dark continent ’ feel of his experience : ‘ the inhabitants , a very coarse tribe , ignorant of any language but earse [ sic ] , gathered so fast about us , that if we had not had highlanders with us , they might have caused more alarm than pleasure .

This is suggested by the very vehemence of the speeches and the fact that they always contained prolonged and strident calls on Cuban nationalism ( which certainly was a strong popular sentiment ) .
this is suggested by the very vehemence of the speeches and the fact that they always [had] prolonged and strident calls on cuban nationalism ( which certainly was a strong popular sentiment ) .

The observation contained an insult , but Alexei knew that if he attempted to explain it to her she would be unable to comprehend it .
the observation [had] an insult , but alexei knew that if he attempted to explain it to her she would be unable to comprehend it .

The Merkuts were not part of the Golden Clan , but the remark contained a certain amount of truth .
the merkuts were not part of the golden clan , but the remark [had] a certain amount of truth .

He sat , and at once a page came out of the shadows with a tray which contained cups and a flask of wine .
he sat , and at once a page came out of the shadows with a tray which [had] cups and a flask of wine .

He swallowed the first mouthful , and then examined what was left as if he was not sure what it contained .
he swallowed the first mouthful , and then examined what was left as if he was not sure what it [had] .

Dunning 's and his co-workers ' ( 1984 ) historical survey of Football Association minutes and reports contained in the Leicester Mercury also provides evidence of pitch invasions and other forms of crowd disorder as early as the 1890s .
dunning 's and his co-workers ' ( 1984 ) historical survey of football association minutes and reports [had] in the leicester mercury also provides evidence of pitch invasions and other forms of crowd disorder as early as the 1890s .

Newspaper reports on the following day contained complaints of excessive behaviour by the police : some people claimed that doors throughout several blocks of flats had been unnecessarily destroyed .
newspaper reports on the following day [had] complaints of excessive behaviour by the police : some people claimed that doors throughout several blocks of flats had been unnecessarily destroyed .

The present institutional structure is based on regulations contained in the 1964 Police Act .
the present institutional structure is based on regulations [had] in the 1964 police act .

Behind the harpsichord and under the window there was a low glass cabinet which contained two or three classical pieces .
behind the harpsichord and under the window there was a low glass cabinet which [had] two or three classical pieces .

There she greatly admired Monsieur Jerricault 's canvas , which though static contained for her much motion and lighting and , in its own way , music — indeed , in some fashion it contained more of these things than did the vulgar Panorama .
there she greatly admired monsieur jerricault 's canvas , which though static [had] for her much motion and lighting and , in its own way , music — indeed , in some fashion it [had] more of these things than did the vulgar panorama .

The range before them contained two separate crescendi : Great Ararat , a bulky , broad-shouldered mass like a buttressed dome , and Little Ararat , some four thousand feet lower , an elegant cone with smooth and regular sides .
the range before them [had] two separate crescendi : great ararat , a bulky , broad-shouldered mass like a buttressed dome , and little ararat , some four thousand feet lower , an elegant cone with smooth and regular sides .

They dipped into rocky ravines , none of which contained the smallest stream .
they dipped into rocky ravines , none of which [had] the smallest stream .

( Emma looking in a mirror , indoors , in the evening ; she has just been seduced by Rodolphe ) ‘ Her eyes had never been so large , so black , nor contained such depth . ’
( emma looking in a mirror , indoors , in the evening ; she has just been seduced by rodolphe ) ‘ her eyes had never been so large , so black , nor [had] such depth . ’

An analysis of feminine and masculine symbolism delivered at a conference on ‘ archetypology ’ characterizes ‘ inversion by double negation ’ as ‘ typical of the imaginative function in its descending aspect of depth , night , femininity , container which becomes contained , swallower which becomes swallowed ’ as opposed to the ‘ upward masculine aspect ’ ( 109/503 ) .
an analysis of feminine and masculine symbolism delivered at a conference on ‘ archetypology ’ characterizes ‘ inversion by double negation ’ as ‘ typical of the imaginative function in its descending aspect of depth , night , femininity , container which becomes [had] , swallower which becomes swallowed ’ as opposed to the ‘ upward masculine aspect ’ ( 109/503 ) .

Obviously this contained its own contradictions ; the patriotism of the football hooligan had to be tempered by the authority of the law .
obviously this [had] its own contradictions ; the patriotism of the football hooligan had to be tempered by the authority of the law .

The answers are to be found in the same 1979 manifesto which , Mrs Thatcher warned , contained ‘ no lavish promises ’ .
the answers are to be found in the same 1979 manifesto which , mrs thatcher warned , [had] ‘ no lavish promises ’ .

If the hole contained three items it became known as a pur-3 , four items a pur-4 , and so on .
if the hole [had] three items it became known as a pur-3 , four items a pur-4 , and so on .

The circular also contained the following statement : ‘ Ministers wish to encourage a programme of pilot projects , to explore and evaluate different approaches to community care .
the circular also [had] the following statement : ‘ ministers wish to encourage a programme of pilot projects , to explore and evaluate different approaches to community care .

The latest of these was contained in the Immigration Act of 1988 , which requires anyone wishing to bring their family to this country to demonstrate that there is support and accommodation available and that the marriage was not entered into primarily for immigration reasons .
the latest of these was [had] in the immigration act of 1988 , which requires anyone wishing to bring their family to this country to demonstrate that there is support and accommodation available and that the marriage was not entered into primarily for immigration reasons .

Only recently have new roads made many of these self contained little hamlets accessible by land .
only recently have new roads made many of these self [had] little hamlets accessible by land .

It is because of the universality of the threat to freedom contained in homophobia that it becomes highly important that we try to avoid both the language which dissociates us from sexual acts by others in which we do not want to participate , and the attitudes which that language represents .
it is because of the universality of the threat to freedom [had] in homophobia that it becomes highly important that we try to avoid both the language which dissociates us from sexual acts by others in which we do not want to participate , and the attitudes which that language represents .

Saddam represents the forces of irrational barbarism that must always be contained and controlled by the forces of reason and sanity .
saddam represents the forces of irrational barbarism that must always be [had] and controlled by the forces of reason and sanity .

‘ From the credit managers ’ point of view the main concern was the degree of risk contained on the existing sales ledger .
‘ from the credit managers ’ point of view the main concern was the degree of risk [had] on the existing sales ledger .

He recently chaired the Government 's Committee into Handling of Geographic Information , an examination of the use of computers to store , in digitised form , all the data contained on a map .
he recently chaired the government 's committee into handling of geographic information , an examination of the use of computers to store , in digitised form , all the data [had] on a map .

In fact , this compact car has plenty of boot space , and easily contained a travel cot and weekend bag .
in fact , this compact car has plenty of boot space , and easily [had] a travel cot and weekend bag .

The spectacular pieces found during the past fifty years off the east coast have often contained prehistoric dragonflies , trapped thousands of years ago by the oozing liquid as it flowed from the tree trunk .
the spectacular pieces found during the past fifty years off the east coast have often [had] prehistoric dragonflies , trapped thousands of years ago by the oozing liquid as it flowed from the tree trunk .

Concessions contained within the agreement include the reduction in the number of days on which firing can take place , the replacement of high explosive high artillery rounds with training rounds by September 1998 and the exclusion of training from 400 acres of land at Quintin 's Man and Rough Tor .
concessions [had] within the agreement include the reduction in the number of days on which firing can take place , the replacement of high explosive high artillery rounds with training rounds by september 1998 and the exclusion of training from 400 acres of land at quintin 's man and rough tor .

For instance , the number of working-age people ( 16-pensionable age ) grew by 1.2 million between 1971 and 1981 and by a further 1.3 million in the seven years up to 1988 , while the age groups spanning the period of most intense new household formation ( 15–44 years old ) contained 3.6 million more people in 1988 than at the beginning of the 1970s .
for instance , the number of working-age people ( 16-pensionable age ) grew by 1.2 million between 1971 and 1981 and by a further 1.3 million in the seven years up to 1988 , while the age groups spanning the period of most intense new household formation ( 15–44 years old ) [had] 3.6 million more people in 1988 than at the beginning of the 1970s .

’ Feminist debates over prostitution contained no positive representations of active female sexuality , either for prostitutes or for women in general .
’ feminist debates over prostitution [had] no positive representations of active female sexuality , either for prostitutes or for women in general .

The most extensive moral survey was contained in the Report of the Royal Commission on the Housing of the Working Classes , 1884 .
the most extensive moral survey was [had] in the report of the royal commission on the housing of the working classes , 1884 .

Indeed in some disciplines , such as diagnostic speech therapy and psychiatry , it would be difficult to provide the service other than through a bilingual professional because so much of the information needed is contained in the language usage .
indeed in some disciplines , such as diagnostic speech therapy and psychiatry , it would be difficult to provide the service other than through a bilingual professional because so much of the information needed is [had] in the language usage .

The Quarry Hill scheme contained 930 flats , progressively occupied from 1938 onwards to a ( delayed ) completion date of 1941 .
the quarry hill scheme [had] 930 flats , progressively occupied from 1938 onwards to a ( delayed ) completion date of 1941 .

With regard now to transport , Abercrombie built on the work contained in the County of London Plan .
with regard now to transport , abercrombie built on the work [had] in the county of london plan .

In the 1930s the beginnings of a green belt for Birmingham were contained on land to the south of the city , provided by the Bournville Village Trust .
in the 1930s the beginnings of a green belt for birmingham were [had] on land to the south of the city , provided by the bournville village trust .

It is impossible to do full justice to the elegance and sensitivity of this volume which contained the final report .
it is impossible to do full justice to the elegance and sensitivity of this volume which [had] the final report .

In practice , for inner London at least , a trend was set for forms of mixed residential development in which blocks of flats were conspicuous : Churchill Gardens Estate , Pimlico , designed by Powell and Moya , contained 2,000 dwellings which combined eight-storey blocks of flats and maisonettes and three-storey terraces of housing and flats at an overall density of 200 persons per acre ; and the Somerford Grove Estate in Hackney , another layout of flats and houses , designed by Gibberd at a density 104 persons per acre .
in practice , for inner london at least , a trend was set for forms of mixed residential development in which blocks of flats were conspicuous : churchill gardens estate , pimlico , designed by powell and moya , [had] 2,000 dwellings which combined eight-storey blocks of flats and maisonettes and three-storey terraces of housing and flats at an overall density of 200 persons per acre ; and the somerford grove estate in hackney , another layout of flats and houses , designed by gibberd at a density 104 persons per acre .

Above all , urban Britain would be ‘ contained ’ ( Hall et al .
above all , urban britain would be ‘ [had] ’ ( hall et al .

It contained advice on site selection .
it [had] advice on site selection .

But the fact remains that the Labour Party manifesto of 1945 contained nothing about New Towns .
but the fact remains that the labour party manifesto of 1945 [had] nothing about new towns .

The Act provided for the designation of conservation areas , and this proved a popular initiative by those many local authorities which contained areas of special architectural or historic interest .
the act provided for the designation of conservation areas , and this proved a popular initiative by those many local authorities which [had] areas of special architectural or historic interest .

One contained only an empty ammunition box , the other a number of receipts from firearms dealers and some guarantee cards .
one [had] only an empty ammunition box , the other a number of receipts from firearms dealers and some guarantee cards .

Inside it had been converted to make a dozen study bedrooms with shared facilities and a self contained warden 's flat , painted a bland cream throughout and carpeted with the tough fibre matting that was a feature of all the student halls and houses .
inside it had been converted to make a dozen study bedrooms with shared facilities and a self [had] warden 's flat , painted a bland cream throughout and carpeted with the tough fibre matting that was a feature of all the student halls and houses .

The one nearest the back of the house contained the old-fashioned central heating boiler and had ground-level access through two angled flap doors .
the one nearest the back of the house [had] the old-fashioned central heating boiler and had ground-level access through two angled flap doors .

The oldest Tertiary rocks contained archaic mammals that bore no resemblance to the living families within the class .
the oldest tertiary rocks [had] archaic mammals that bore no resemblance to the living families within the class .

Her eyes shone with a barely contained excitement .
her eyes shone with a barely [had] excitement .

Beside giving them access to a number of secret SimFic files — files which gave them the location of several special projects Berdichev had instigated — they had also contained several items of particular interest .
beside giving them access to a number of secret simfic files — files which gave them the location of several special projects berdichev had instigated — they had also [had] several items of particular interest .

‘ You , ’ said Jimmy , hand held to one side , a crooked smile on his face which contained no humour .
‘ you , ’ said jimmy , hand held to one side , a crooked smile on his face which [had] no humour .

But standing in the blast of the storm and looking at him even though its ravaged eye sockets contained no eyes .
but standing in the blast of the storm and looking at him even though its ravaged eye sockets [had] no eyes .

Natasha may have lied to him about what her letter contained — as Ursula did .
natasha may have lied to him about what her letter [had] — as ursula did .

All it contained were two envelopes .
all it [had] were two envelopes .

She knew for sure that one contained the means to finding the Grimoire .
she knew for sure that one [had] the means to finding the grimoire .

To the left was a light , well-illuminated area that contained various electronic games and fruit machines .
to the left was a light , well-illuminated area that [had] various electronic games and fruit machines .

Pain can not be contained indefinitely within the person .
pain can not be [had] indefinitely within the person .

— Automatic or man-rider stacker-cranes contained in a conventional building structure — back-to-back racking .
— automatic or man-rider stacker-cranes [had] in a conventional building structure — back-to-back racking .

— Automatic or man-rider stacker-cranes contained in a rack supported building — back-to-back racking .
— automatic or man-rider stacker-cranes [had] in a rack supported building — back-to-back racking .

— Automatic or man-rider stacker-cranes contained in conventional or rack supported buildings — using live storage block stacking techniques .
— automatic or man-rider stacker-cranes [had] in conventional or rack supported buildings — using live storage block stacking techniques .

This means that the high-bay system has to be contained within the envelope of a more or less conventional steel portal frame or space-frame structure .
this means that the high-bay system has to be [had] within the envelope of a more or less conventional steel portal frame or space-frame structure .

This must be done very frequently and care must be taken to ensure that the collected rubbish is itself kept in a safe and well contained place .
this must be done very frequently and care must be taken to ensure that the collected rubbish is itself kept in a safe and well [had] place .

Recalling the analysis contained in Chapters 3 and 4 , the tests of truth , the relationship between theory and practice , the degree of objectivity and the human element , all vary across the disciplines .
recalling the analysis [had] in chapters 3 and 4 , the tests of truth , the relationship between theory and practice , the degree of objectivity and the human element , all vary across the disciplines .

a facility contained in certain word processing and page makeup programs to enable a spelling error check to be carried out .
a facility [had] in certain word processing and page makeup programs to enable a spelling error check to be carried out .

If we carefully analyse the frequencies contained within speech it is possible to devise a system of rules that allows us to create any given sound from its basic frequencies .
if we carefully analyse the frequencies [had] within speech it is possible to devise a system of rules that allows us to create any given sound from its basic frequencies .

All it contained were the table and two wooden chairs , one of which Hall now gripped the back of , looking first at the policeman then at Scott .
all it [had] were the table and two wooden chairs , one of which hall now gripped the back of , looking first at the policeman then at scott .

The room they were in contained a single big dormer window , a fireplace , a couch , a table and two seats , and two bunkbeds .
the room they were in [had] a single big dormer window , a fireplace , a couch , a table and two seats , and two bunkbeds .

Ash reappeared with a bag ; she swept past me , briefly showing me the bottle of Grouse it contained .
ash reappeared with a bag ; she swept past me , briefly showing me the bottle of grouse it [had] .

The government seems set on a policy of reducing the percentage of labour contained in total costs : If this is done to make our goods more competitive abroad , the depreciation of our currency has already taken care of that aspect .
the government seems set on a policy of reducing the percentage of labour [had] in total costs : if this is done to make our goods more competitive abroad , the depreciation of our currency has already taken care of that aspect .

The anthology Poems by Four Authors ( 1923 ) contained ten poems Ackerley had written while an undergraduate , and in 1925 the play based upon his experiences as an internee , The Prisoners of War , was produced in London .
the anthology poems by four authors ( 1923 ) [had] ten poems ackerley had written while an undergraduate , and in 1925 the play based upon his experiences as an internee , the prisoners of war , was produced in london .

This contained his first critical attack , following the current practice of vituperation between writing-masters , on the overelaborate style of ‘ his brother Quills ’ .
this [had] his first critical attack , following the current practice of vituperation between writing-masters , on the overelaborate style of ‘ his brother quills ’ .

Gow next began work on the Hellenistic epigrams contained in the Greek anthology .
gow next began work on the hellenistic epigrams [had] in the greek anthology .

At various points Pemell 's book on children directs the reader to fuller discussions contained in his earlier publications .
at various points pemell 's book on children directs the reader to fuller discussions [had] in his earlier publications .

Bowden 's Poems on Various Subjects ( 1754 ) contained a number of Lewis 's compositions .
bowden 's poems on various subjects ( 1754 ) [had] a number of lewis 's compositions .

The edition of 1903 contained an article , ‘ An Ideal Warship for the British Navy ’ by Vittorio Cuniberti , which foreshadowed the main features of the ‘ Dreadnought ’ class of battleships .
the edition of 1903 [had] an article , ‘ an ideal warship for the british navy ’ by vittorio cuniberti , which foreshadowed the main features of the ‘ dreadnought ’ class of battleships .

There its tumult would be more easily contained , and the trouble-making English clergy would go home .
there its tumult would be more easily [had] , and the trouble-making english clergy would go home .

, Robert ( c. 1490–post 1546 ) , Scottish composer , is known only through his work contained in the ‘ Scone Antiphonary ’ ( National Library of Scotland , Adv .
, robert ( c. 1490–post 1546 ) , scottish composer , is known only through his work [had] in the ‘ scone antiphonary ’ ( national library of scotland , adv .

Diaper 's best poetry is contained in Nereides and the translation of Oppian , where his descriptions of the ocean and of aquatic life are startling and individual .
diaper 's best poetry is [had] in nereides and the translation of oppian , where his descriptions of the ocean and of aquatic life are startling and individual .

The earliest printed account of his collection dates from 1761 : it lists sixty-five pictures and records a collection of ‘ about 12,000 prints , engraved and etched by the most celebrated masters of the three last centuries … They are contained in 50 large volumes , besides above 60 volumes in sculpture and architecture .
the earliest printed account of his collection dates from 1761 : it lists sixty-five pictures and records a collection of ‘ about 12,000 prints , engraved and etched by the most celebrated masters of the three last centuries … they are [had] in 50 large volumes , besides above 60 volumes in sculpture and architecture .

Its subject matter was a description of his family home ; the courtyard , the stables with the horses , the house itself , a meal with his relatives , the collection of arms in a tower , the women 's quarters with the clothes and ornaments it contained .
its subject matter was a description of his family home ; the courtyard , the stables with the horses , the house itself , a meal with his relatives , the collection of arms in a tower , the women 's quarters with the clothes and ornaments it [had] .

He took plaster casts of these holes , which showed that some of them had contained pointed and the others blunted stakes .
he took plaster casts of these holes , which showed that some of them had [had] pointed and the others blunted stakes .

The original book had contained thirteen of his hymns : the supplement contained a further thirteen .
the original book had [had] thirteen of his hymns : the supplement [had] a further thirteen .

They leased a grand house at 4 Tenterden Street , just off Hanover Square , the garden of which ran north and contained the workshops which fronted on to Oxford Street .
they leased a grand house at 4 tenterden street , just off hanover square , the garden of which ran north and [had] the workshops which fronted on to oxford street .

His private papers , which include a diary of the first year of the Long Parliament and copies of his speeches , are contained among the Tanner manuscripts .
his private papers , which include a diary of the first year of the long parliament and copies of his speeches , are [had] among the tanner manuscripts .

His only luxury was the purchase of books , which filled his canonical lodgings almost to the point of impenetrability — even the bath contained the files of the Church Quarterly Review — but his library was unsystematic and lacked bibliographical distinction .
his only luxury was the purchase of books , which filled his canonical lodgings almost to the point of impenetrability — even the bath [had] the files of the church quarterly review — but his library was unsystematic and lacked bibliographical distinction .

in 1795 , contained a number of accomplished if melancholic pieces , often dwelling on ‘ the virtues of the feeling mind ’ .
in 1795 , [had] a number of accomplished if melancholic pieces , often dwelling on ‘ the virtues of the feeling mind ’ .

To lend her , under the pretence of ‘ educating ’ her , a book which contained frank or scurrilous passages , was a kind of vicarious rape .
to lend her , under the pretence of ‘ educating ’ her , a book which [had] frank or scurrilous passages , was a kind of vicarious rape .

‘ a condition contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’
‘ a condition [had] in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’

In contrast , any publication of non-statutory accounts must be accompanied by a statement indicating : ( a ) that they are not statutory accounts , ( b ) whether statutory accounts have been delivered to the Registrar , ( c ) whether the auditors have reported on those statutory accounts , and ( d ) whether any such report was qualified or contained a statement under section 272 or 273 .
in contrast , any publication of non-statutory accounts must be accompanied by a statement indicating : ( a ) that they are not statutory accounts , ( b ) whether statutory accounts have been delivered to the registrar , ( c ) whether the auditors have reported on those statutory accounts , and ( d ) whether any such report was qualified or [had] a statement under section 272 or 273 .

It would be very simple to tell him everything and leave him to unscramble the truth contained in the confusion .
it would be very simple to tell him everything and leave him to unscramble the truth [had] in the confusion .

In order to understand a word , the reader or hearer must gain access to the semantic information contained in the word 's lexical entry .
in order to understand a word , the reader or hearer must gain access to the semantic information [had] in the word 's lexical entry .

The speech input contained occasional deliberate mispronunciations — for example , tragedy mispronounced as trachedy .
the speech input [had] occasional deliberate mispronunciations — for example , tragedy mispronounced as trachedy .

Put another way , this means that after only 200 milliseconds the target word cohort would have contained an average of 29 words if the word was being identified independently of any context .
put another way , this means that after only 200 milliseconds the target word cohort would have [had] an average of 29 words if the word was being identified independently of any context .

The passages were constructed so that they contained a target clause which in one version of a passage formed a sentence on its own and in another version was part of a longer sentence .
the passages were constructed so that they [had] a target clause which in one version of a passage formed a sentence on its own and in another version was part of a longer sentence .

For example , subjects were able to remember whether a character had been referred to by name or by pronominal reference ( as in , He wo n't leave Rachel 's room / Mac wo n't leave Rachel 's room ) and whether an utterance had contained a full clausal unit or an abbreviated elliptical clause ( as in You mean that Jamie does n't know that his mother is in the hospital yet ?
for example , subjects were able to remember whether a character had been referred to by name or by pronominal reference ( as in , he wo n't leave rachel 's room / mac wo n't leave rachel 's room ) and whether an utterance had [had] a full clausal unit or an abbreviated elliptical clause ( as in you mean that jamie does n't know that his mother is in the hospital yet ?

We have already seen that the comprehension of individual clauses and sentences in written and spoken language can be influenced by information that is not contained within the sentence or clause itself , that is , information that is extra-sentential .
we have already seen that the comprehension of individual clauses and sentences in written and spoken language can be influenced by information that is not [had] within the sentence or clause itself , that is , information that is extra-sentential .

First , the presence of a context can speed up comprehension because it has prepared the listener or reader for some or all of the information contained in the sentence .
first , the presence of a context can speed up comprehension because it has prepared the listener or reader for some or all of the information [had] in the sentence .

Bransford and Franks found that only sentences which contained one piece of information , or information from different sets , could be reliably identified as not having been heard before .
bransford and franks found that only sentences which [had] one piece of information , or information from different sets , could be reliably identified as not having been heard before .

There is not space here to discuss the story grammar approach in detail , and readers who are interested in this topic are advised to read the recent reviews of this and alternative approaches contained in Brown and Yule ( 1983 : Chapter 3 ) and Johnson-Laird ( 1983 : Chapter 14 ) .
there is not space here to discuss the story grammar approach in detail , and readers who are interested in this topic are advised to read the recent reviews of this and alternative approaches [had] in brown and yule ( 1983 : chapter 3 ) and johnson-laird ( 1983 : chapter 14 ) .

Thorndyke argued that both the internal organisation of the story and knowledge of the theme are of assistance in remembering the information contained in the story .
thorndyke argued that both the internal organisation of the story and knowledge of the theme are of assistance in remembering the information [had] in the story .

In contrast , in both of the earlier studies structural integration was virtually impossible without knowing the overall theme , so that most of the information contained in the passage was lost by the time the important contextual/thematic information was supplied .
in contrast , in both of the earlier studies structural integration was virtually impossible without knowing the overall theme , so that most of the information [had] in the passage was lost by the time the important contextual/thematic information was supplied .

The process of schematic integration which occurs in discourse interpretation thus involves not only the relation of ideas expressed within the discourse , but also the relation of specific information contained in the discourse to the pre-existing knowledge of the discourse topic which the listener or reader has .
the process of schematic integration which occurs in discourse interpretation thus involves not only the relation of ideas expressed within the discourse , but also the relation of specific information [had] in the discourse to the pre-existing knowledge of the discourse topic which the listener or reader has .

argued that such inferences are stored in memory along with the information explicitly contained in the passage , with the result that when subjects are given a recognition test they will falsely identify the inference as having occurred in the passage .
argued that such inferences are stored in memory along with the information explicitly [had] in the passage , with the result that when subjects are given a recognition test they will falsely identify the inference as having occurred in the passage .

She argued that if the second statement in a pair contained a negative then it would be more natural for the meaning of the two statements to be different , whereas if the two statements were both affirmative it would be more natural for the two statements to have the same meaning .
she argued that if the second statement in a pair [had] a negative then it would be more natural for the meaning of the two statements to be different , whereas if the two statements were both affirmative it would be more natural for the two statements to have the same meaning .

4b ) also make excellent small pools when sawn in half , but wooden containers that have contained oil , tar or wood preservative should be avoided , as any residue that remains will pollute the water and form an unsightly scum on the surface .
4b ) also make excellent small pools when sawn in half , but wooden containers that have [had] oil , tar or wood preservative should be avoided , as any residue that remains will pollute the water and form an unsightly scum on the surface .

In appearance it is a contained area of sizeable attractive pebbles or cobbles through which water constantly bubbles .
in appearance it is a [had] area of sizeable attractive pebbles or cobbles through which water constantly bubbles .

The situation was exacerbated by two very important and highly contentious issues — joining the European Community and devolution of some political authority to Scotland and Wales — which could not be contained within the rigid division of two-party adversarial politics .
the situation was exacerbated by two very important and highly contentious issues — joining the european community and devolution of some political authority to scotland and wales — which could not be [had] within the rigid division of two-party adversarial politics .

Lawyers rely primarily on close analysis of the wording contained within the judgment to seek out the ratio decidendi ( reason for deciding ) .
lawyers rely primarily on close analysis of the wording [had] within the judgment to seek out the ratio decidendi ( reason for deciding ) .

With the development of appropriate piston corers in the late 1940s it was possible to collect columns of sediment 10–30 m in length which contained material that could be dated by radiometric and other means and could also provide environmental information , for example by analysing the frequency of sensitive foraminifera .
with the development of appropriate piston corers in the late 1940s it was possible to collect columns of sediment 10–30 m in length which [had] material that could be dated by radiometric and other means and could also provide environmental information , for example by analysing the frequency of sensitive foraminifera .

‘ If students are to be well grounded in a healthy and promising attitude to fluvial geomorphology , they will have to grasp the ideas contained in this book . ’
‘ if students are to be well grounded in a healthy and promising attitude to fluvial geomorphology , they will have to grasp the ideas [had] in this book . ’

This volume , and volumes of readings on Environmental Geomorphology and Landscape Conservation ( Coates , 1972 , 1973 ) , have revitalized the scope and focus of geomorphology and the approach contained could be applied to physical geography as a whole .
this volume , and volumes of readings on environmental geomorphology and landscape conservation ( coates , 1972 , 1973 ) , have revitalized the scope and focus of geomorphology and the approach [had] could be applied to physical geography as a whole .

The top right-hand drawer of the desk contained the traditional little tin box and a pistol .
the top right-hand drawer of the desk [had] the traditional little tin box and a pistol .

The final joint communiqué of Razak 's visit to Moscow contained an agreement to differ .
the final joint communiqué of razak 's visit to moscow [had] an agreement to differ .

Several of them had already been contained in a draft proposal in 1957 on the principles to determine Great Power conduct on questions of peace and security in the Near and Middle East .
several of them had already been [had] in a draft proposal in 1957 on the principles to determine great power conduct on questions of peace and security in the near and middle east .

Nor did they differ essentially from the principles contained in Brezhnev 's 1969 proposal on Asian collective security .
nor did they differ essentially from the principles [had] in brezhnev 's 1969 proposal on asian collective security .

Some authorities , notably Gilbert , maintained that most of the material was supplied by longshore drift and that the waves merely acted on this material : others , especially de Beaumont , considered that the material contained in the bar was eroded from the sea bed in front of the bar , as is shown in Fig .
some authorities , notably gilbert , maintained that most of the material was supplied by longshore drift and that the waves merely acted on this material : others , especially de beaumont , considered that the material [had] in the bar was eroded from the sea bed in front of the bar , as is shown in fig .

The aggradation in the lower reaches of these rivers results in a landform with all the appearance of a true floodplain , a broad tract of easily flooded land over which the river flows in sweeping meanders , or did so until their courses were artificially contained in the interests of navigation and flood control .
the aggradation in the lower reaches of these rivers results in a landform with all the appearance of a true floodplain , a broad tract of easily flooded land over which the river flows in sweeping meanders , or did so until their courses were artificially [had] in the interests of navigation and flood control .

In Great Britain , for example , parts of the Eocene were characterised by hot , humid climates , as is shown by the resemblance of the contained fossils to forms now occurring in Malaya .
in great britain , for example , parts of the eocene were characterised by hot , humid climates , as is shown by the resemblance of the [had] fossils to forms now occurring in malaya .

More recent material on the Financial Management Initiative is contained in Gray and Jenkins ( 1985 ) and Metcalfe and Richards ( 1987 ) .
more recent material on the financial management initiative is [had] in gray and jenkins ( 1985 ) and metcalfe and richards ( 1987 ) .

Each musical sentence should be well contained , with appropriately placed moments where the phrase rises , falls , or rests for a moment before moving on .
each musical sentence should be well [had] , with appropriately placed moments where the phrase rises , falls , or rests for a moment before moving on .

Here the element of change is contained within a repetition of the original phrase idea .
here the element of change is [had] within a repetition of the original phrase idea .

Serialism has as its prime objective an organized way of composing with all the twelve notes contained within the octave .
serialism has as its prime objective an organized way of composing with all the twelve notes [had] within the octave .

Some composers use series which may contain more or fewer notes than the twelve contained in the total-chromatic , but this is uncommon , and the usage can be ignored .
some composers use series which may contain more or fewer notes than the twelve [had] in the total-chromatic , but this is uncommon , and the usage can be ignored .

It contained the will of Doctor Henry Jekyll , and was written in the doctor 's own handwriting .
it [had] the will of doctor henry jekyll , and was written in the doctor 's own handwriting .

The first contained a will .
the first [had] a will .

It contained a short note in the doctor 's handwriting .
it [had] a short note in the doctor 's handwriting .

The new Fort Garry Station at Winnipeg of 1911 contained elaborate provision for the offices of the agents .
the new fort garry station at winnipeg of 1911 [had] elaborate provision for the offices of the agents .

The Legal Aid Act 1982 enabled the Law Society , under scheme-making powers contained in the Legal Aid Act 1974 , to formulate a uniform scheme for the provision of duty solicitor services .
the legal aid act 1982 enabled the law society , under scheme-making powers [had] in the legal aid act 1974 , to formulate a uniform scheme for the provision of duty solicitor services .

The financial criteria are contained on the Key Card reproduced earlier in the chapter and the substantial changes in eligibility introduced in 1979 took away most of the grounds for the criticism that they were pitched too low .
the financial criteria are [had] on the key card reproduced earlier in the chapter and the substantial changes in eligibility introduced in 1979 took away most of the grounds for the criticism that they were pitched too low .

Solicitors and barristers experienced in personal injury litigation will have to estimate a sum for loss of amenity and pain and suffering based on awards in similar cases , their own practice and the published awards contained in specialist books .
solicitors and barristers experienced in personal injury litigation will have to estimate a sum for loss of amenity and pain and suffering based on awards in similar cases , their own practice and the published awards [had] in specialist books .

The analysis of maximum contributions determined during 1988–89 contained in the first Legal Aid Board Annual Report ( 1989–90 ) contains the following figures relating to all courts :
the analysis of maximum contributions determined during 1988–89 [had] in the first legal aid board annual report ( 1989–90 ) contains the following figures relating to all courts :

Moreover , from the annual and diurnal growth patterns of organisms , preserved as fossils , it has been established , for example , that about 380 Ma ago there were about 400 ‘ days ’ in the year and as the orbital period of the Earth is very unlikely to have changed the ‘ day ’ must then have contained only about 22 hours .
moreover , from the annual and diurnal growth patterns of organisms , preserved as fossils , it has been established , for example , that about 380 ma ago there were about 400 ‘ days ’ in the year and as the orbital period of the earth is very unlikely to have changed the ‘ day ’ must then have [had] only about 22 hours .

The volume contained by the magnetopause is called the magnetosphere , though it is not spherical , the ‘ sphere ’ implying the sphere of influence of the Jovian magnetic field .
the volume [had] by the magnetopause is called the magnetosphere , though it is not spherical , the ‘ sphere ’ implying the sphere of influence of the jovian magnetic field .

The main substance of the book is contained in part two which provides an excellent overview of the British welfare state during its ‘ classic ’ period ( 1945–75 ) .
the main substance of the book is [had] in part two which provides an excellent overview of the british welfare state during its ‘ classic ’ period ( 1945–75 ) .

When plugged in , a tongue would stick out of the apparatus ; additionally it contained an electric device that was intended to block television reception in the immediate area .
when plugged in , a tongue would stick out of the apparatus ; additionally it [had] an electric device that was intended to block television reception in the immediate area .

The cultural field expands thus to such a point that it bursts through the barriers that had previously contained it as only a de-limited field .
the cultural field expands thus to such a point that it bursts through the barriers that had previously [had] it as only a de-limited field .

Certain requirements are laid down for these various legislative measures , some in the Treaty itself and others in instruments of lower rank . One of the most important is contained in Article 190 of the Treaty , which provides :
certain requirements are laid down for these various legislative measures , some in the treaty itself and others in instruments of lower rank . one of the most important is [had] in article 190 of the treaty , which provides :

The obligation to state reasons , being contained in the Treaty , is a basic requirement , and failure to comply with it may invalidate the instrument concerned .
the obligation to state reasons , being [had] in the treaty , is a basic requirement , and failure to comply with it may invalidate the instrument concerned .

In such cases the Court of Justice has held that the requirements of Article 190 are satisfied if the statement of reasons given explains in essence the measures taken by the institutions and that a specific statement of reasons in support of all the details which might be contained in such a measure can not be required , provided such details fall within the general scheme of the measures as a whole .
in such cases the court of justice has held that the requirements of article 190 are satisfied if the statement of reasons given explains in essence the measures taken by the institutions and that a specific statement of reasons in support of all the details which might be [had] in such a measure can not be required , provided such details fall within the general scheme of the measures as a whole .

The statement of reasons of a Community legislative measure is contained in a series of paragraphs at the beginning of the measure .
the statement of reasons of a community legislative measure is [had] in a series of paragraphs at the beginning of the measure .

However , the European Monetary System itself shows what can ( and can not ) be achieved in the grey area between political agreement and ‘ soft ’ law : its ground-rules adopted in December 1978 are contained in a ‘ Resolution ’ ( an act nowhere defined in the Treaties ) of the ‘ European Council ’ ( a body whose existence was first legally recognized in the Single European Act and which is treated in the Maastricht Treaty as an organ of the Union rather than of the Community ) .
however , the european monetary system itself shows what can ( and can not ) be achieved in the grey area between political agreement and ‘ soft ’ law : its ground-rules adopted in december 1978 are [had] in a ‘ resolution ’ ( an act nowhere defined in the treaties ) of the ‘ european council ’ ( a body whose existence was first legally recognized in the single european act and which is treated in the maastricht treaty as an organ of the union rather than of the community ) .

It is , nevertheless , interesting to note that the Council Decision 88/840 on the Vienna Convention and Montreal Protocol on the protection of the ozone layer , agreements which were obviously negotiated on the footing that they fell partly within Community competence and partly within the competence of the Member States , contained provisions which actually instructed the Member States as a matter of Community law to deposit their national instruments of ratification , acceptance , approval or accession , by 1 January 1989 .
it is , nevertheless , interesting to note that the council decision 88/840 on the vienna convention and montreal protocol on the protection of the ozone layer , agreements which were obviously negotiated on the footing that they fell partly within community competence and partly within the competence of the member states , [had] provisions which actually instructed the member states as a matter of community law to deposit their national instruments of ratification , acceptance , approval or accession , by 1 january 1989 .

The same was true of the clothing around the bomb and the Samsonite suitcase that contained the device .
the same was true of the clothing around the bomb and the samsonite suitcase that [had] the device .

The definition of rape is contained in the Sexual Offences ( Amendment ) Act 1976 , s. 1 ( 1 ) .
the definition of rape is [had] in the sexual offences ( amendment ) act 1976 , s. 1 ( 1 ) .

’ He argues that the following extract from the marriage ceremony contained in the Book of Common Prayer is as significant today as it was when Hale made his pronouncement :
’ he argues that the following extract from the marriage ceremony [had] in the book of common prayer is as significant today as it was when hale made his pronouncement :

’ The list bears some resemblance to that which is contained in the New South Wales legislation for the purposes of Category 3 .
’ the list bears some resemblance to that which is [had] in the new south wales legislation for the purposes of category 3 .

All of them contained agendas and minutes of council committee meetings .
all of them [had] agendas and minutes of council committee meetings .

The box was not quite empty , it contained a tiny linen bag tied with a gilt cord and with a lavender head embroidered on it .
the box was not quite empty , it [had] a tiny linen bag tied with a gilt cord and with a lavender head embroidered on it .

The police vans had been despatched from headquarters very early that morning and contained the equipment for setting up a temporary incident room .
the police vans had been despatched from headquarters very early that morning and [had] the equipment for setting up a temporary incident room .

He was not impressed by all the hocus-pocus with the Scapegoat nor by the gossip which linked Jordan with the dead man , but beyond all that he was beginning to feel — to sense that this was a sinister crime , an expression of hatred , long nurtured in secret until it could no longer be contained .
he was not impressed by all the hocus-pocus with the scapegoat nor by the gossip which linked jordan with the dead man , but beyond all that he was beginning to feel — to sense that this was a sinister crime , an expression of hatred , long nurtured in secret until it could no longer be [had] .

The drawers on the other side contained stationery , pens and pencils , rubber bands and paper clips .
the drawers on the other side [had] stationery , pens and pencils , rubber bands and paper clips .

The envelope contained a letter which he opened and read .
the envelope [had] a letter which he opened and read .

The room contained nothing personal except for the dead man 's clothes and these were carefully stored in the great wardrobe and the chest-of-drawers .
the room [had] nothing personal except for the dead man 's clothes and these were carefully stored in the great wardrobe and the chest-of-drawers .

The envelope contained cash , and the cash was for her .
the envelope [had] cash , and the cash was for her .

There was nothing much in the drawer beyond the cashbox ( which now contained only loose change ) , some rubber bands , a clutch of half-used ballpoint pens , a calculator , a stopwatch with no glass , and a bundle of guest passes identical to the one that Lucy had first used to enter the club .
there was nothing much in the drawer beyond the cashbox ( which now [had] only loose change ) , some rubber bands , a clutch of half-used ballpoint pens , a calculator , a stopwatch with no glass , and a bundle of guest passes identical to the one that lucy had first used to enter the club .

His anger barely contained , like a storm in a bottle , Joe walked the distance back to where he 'd left his rented car .
his anger barely [had] , like a storm in a bottle , joe walked the distance back to where he 'd left his rented car .

The strategy foresees this part of the District , around Livingston , developing as a more self contained area for housing and jobs .
the strategy foresees this part of the district , around livingston , developing as a more self [had] area for housing and jobs .

In practice there are a number of challenges contained within this statement .
in practice there are a number of challenges [had] within this statement .

In terms of policy , Heads of Departments have been instructed to produce detailed guidance based on the principles contained in the Regional Council 's policy document to be issued to all groups of employees within the Department concerned .
in terms of policy , heads of departments have been instructed to produce detailed guidance based on the principles [had] in the regional council 's policy document to be issued to all groups of employees within the department concerned .

Information about the new arrangements for Community Care is contained in a leaflet called ‘ Assessments for Community Care ’ .
information about the new arrangements for community care is [had] in a leaflet called ‘ assessments for community care ’ .

Although it is anticipated that the initiatives contained in this Plan will have an overall effect in reducing accident casualties across the whole community , it is unlikely that there will be any significant shifts in the disparities between the casualty rates for people living in eligible areas and elsewhere .
although it is anticipated that the initiatives [had] in this plan will have an overall effect in reducing accident casualties across the whole community , it is unlikely that there will be any significant shifts in the disparities between the casualty rates for people living in eligible areas and elsewhere .

Generate additional funding and resources for the road safety initiatives contained in the Road Safety Plan .
generate additional funding and resources for the road safety initiatives [had] in the road safety plan .

That the Board be authorised to exercise the power contained in Article 134 of the Articles of Association so that , to the extent and manner determined by the Board , the holders of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company be permitted to elect to receive ordinary shares , credited as fully paid , instead of cash in respect of all or part of any interim or the final dividend relating to the year ending on 31 December 1993 , such authority to expire at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 1994 .
that the board be authorised to exercise the power [had] in article 134 of the articles of association so that , to the extent and manner determined by the board , the holders of ordinary shares in the capital of the company be permitted to elect to receive ordinary shares , credited as fully paid , instead of cash in respect of all or part of any interim or the final dividend relating to the year ending on 31 december 1993 , such authority to expire at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the company to be held in 1994 .

The accident costs which mounted up were for minor , frequent mishaps such as bacterial contamination of equipment used in the creamery which were all identified and contained , and damage caused to vehicles in the transport company from manoeuvring in confined spaces .
the accident costs which mounted up were for minor , frequent mishaps such as bacterial contamination of equipment used in the creamery which were all identified and [had] , and damage caused to vehicles in the transport company from manoeuvring in confined spaces .

In 1950 , Eric Williams published a book , ‘ Education in the British West Indies ’ , which contained his views on the setting up of a British West Indian University .
in 1950 , eric williams published a book , ‘ education in the british west indies ’ , which [had] his views on the setting up of a british west indian university .

This would build on the very positive package of measures contained in the 1991 Planning an Compensation Act designed to bring Interim Development Order permissions up to modern environmental standards .
this would build on the very positive package of measures [had] in the 1991 planning an compensation act designed to bring interim development order permissions up to modern environmental standards .

The creation of a relatively simple index could help branch volunteers access some of the key information contained in the guidance notes . Careful thought would have to be given to the design of such an index to take the following matters into account :
the creation of a relatively simple index could help branch volunteers access some of the key information [had] in the guidance notes . careful thought would have to be given to the design of such an index to take the following matters into account :

We strongly support the following proposal contained in this section of Threshold 21 :
we strongly support the following proposal [had] in this section of threshold 21 :

Until the population has grown sufficiently , they will be contained within fenced-off zones .
until the population has grown sufficiently , they will be [had] within fenced-off zones .

Called ‘ porter ’ after the Covent Garden market porters who drank it , it was characterised by its distinct , dark colour , which came from the roasted barley it contained .
called ‘ porter ’ after the covent garden market porters who drank it , it was characterised by its distinct , dark colour , which came from the roasted barley it [had] .

At least one panel contained a border of wavecrest pattern , such as can be seen in a less gracile form in both of the Leicester mosaics .
at least one panel [had] a border of wavecrest pattern , such as can be seen in a less gracile form in both of the leicester mosaics .

This same guilloche also makes up the border of the saltire , thus enclosing the curved sides of the semi-roundels , all of which appear to have contained a seabeast .
this same guilloche also makes up the border of the saltire , thus enclosing the curved sides of the semi-roundels , all of which appear to have [had] a seabeast .

The programme is based on a study carried out last year , which showed that 57 per cent of eastern residents drank below-standard water , and that 36 per cent breathed air which contained levels of sulphur dioxide above safety levels .
the programme is based on a study carried out last year , which showed that 57 per cent of eastern residents drank below-standard water , and that 36 per cent breathed air which [had] levels of sulphur dioxide above safety levels .

The reactor was built in the 1960s and is not fully contained .
the reactor was built in the 1960s and is not fully [had] .

The criticisms contained in the report are expected to cause considerable embarrassment to the government , which maintains that since energy saving reduces costs it will come about naturally if market forces are allowed to function without interference .
the criticisms [had] in the report are expected to cause considerable embarrassment to the government , which maintains that since energy saving reduces costs it will come about naturally if market forces are allowed to function without interference .

The report found that groundwater next to one of the two waste dumps at the centre contained chemical levels more than 220 times above those permitted by European Community .
the report found that groundwater next to one of the two waste dumps at the centre [had] chemical levels more than 220 times above those permitted by european community .

The scallop beds at Pentland Firth , between Orkney and mainland Scotland , contained unacceptable levels of cadmium and were declared unfit for human consumption .
the scallop beds at pentland firth , between orkney and mainland scotland , [had] unacceptable levels of cadmium and were declared unfit for human consumption .

Earlier plans drawn up by the Department of Energy contained references to fuel taxes , automobile restrictions , alternative energy initiatives and incentives for green investment .
earlier plans drawn up by the department of energy [had] references to fuel taxes , automobile restrictions , alternative energy initiatives and incentives for green investment .

They reached the conclusion after discovering that a number of whales and dolphins washed up dead on the shore between 1987 and early 1991 contained `` significant `` levels of organochlorides and heavy metals in their tissues .
they reached the conclusion after discovering that a number of whales and dolphins washed up dead on the shore between 1987 and early 1991 [had] `` significant `` levels of organochlorides and heavy metals in their tissues .

The roots of the reeds contain naturally occurring bacteria which transform toxic elements contained in factory effluent , into benign substances .
the roots of the reeds contain naturally occurring bacteria which transform toxic elements [had] in factory effluent , into benign substances .

The second survey of food wrapping material , Plasticisers : Continuing Surveillance , published by the Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food , warns that potentially toxic chemicals contained within the film can `` migrate `` to food .
the second survey of food wrapping material , plasticisers : continuing surveillance , published by the ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food , warns that potentially toxic chemicals [had] within the film can `` migrate `` to food .

It has particular relevance to the timing restrictions on acquisitions of shares contained in Rule 5 of the City Code and to mandatory offers .
it has particular relevance to the timing restrictions on acquisitions of shares [had] in rule 5 of the city code and to mandatory offers .

The Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies , contained in Chapter 2 of Section 5 of the Yellow Book .
the model code for securities transactions by directors of listed companies , [had] in chapter 2 of section 5 of the yellow book .

The Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares , contained in the Blue Book .
the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares , [had] in the blue book .

If together these amount to 30 per cent or more of the target 's voting rights there might be a breach of the timing restrictions contained in Rule 5 of the Code , or an obligation might be incurred to make a mandatory offer under Rule 9 .
if together these amount to 30 per cent or more of the target 's voting rights there might be a breach of the timing restrictions [had] in rule 5 of the code , or an obligation might be incurred to make a mandatory offer under rule 9 .

The definition of " acting in concert " contained in the Code presumes that certain categories of persons are acting in concert unless the contrary is established . The following persons will be presumed to be acting in concert with other persons in the same category :
the definition of " acting in concert " [had] in the code presumes that certain categories of persons are acting in concert unless the contrary is established . the following persons will be presumed to be acting in concert with other persons in the same category :

The definition of associate contained in the Code ( see para 1.2 above ) commences with a general description and then provides a list of persons who will normally be presumed to be associates .
the definition of associate [had] in the code ( see para 1.2 above ) commences with a general description and then provides a list of persons who will normally be presumed to be associates .

Where it is expected that circulars , advertisements and other public documents will be used as part of the takeover process it will be important that all statements contained in them can be substantiated with adequate fact .
where it is expected that circulars , advertisements and other public documents will be used as part of the takeover process it will be important that all statements [had] in them can be substantiated with adequate fact .

Financial advisers must also be mindful of conflicts of interests , and a guidance note on this topic is contained in Appendix 3 to the Code .
financial advisers must also be mindful of conflicts of interests , and a guidance note on this topic is [had] in appendix 3 to the code .

2.4 The Landlord may in carrying out the Works make such modification to the Building Documents and to the details of the Landlord 's Works contained in them :
2.4 the landlord may in carrying out the works make such modification to the building documents and to the details of the landlord 's works [had] in them :

2.6 The Landlord shall forthwith investigate the matters contained in the Defects Notice and shall at its own expense remedy or procure the remedying of such matters within [ 7 ] days of the service of the Defects Notice by the Tenant
2.6 the landlord shall forthwith investigate the matters [had] in the defects notice and shall at its own expense remedy or procure the remedying of such matters within [ 7 ] days of the service of the defects notice by the tenant

Where warranties are to be given the following additional clause may be contained in the agreement :
where warranties are to be given the following additional clause may be [had] in the agreement :

Notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the Lease nothing in this agreement shall release the Landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the Works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the Landlord by the Tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the Landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition
notwithstanding anything herein [had] or the completion of the lease nothing in this agreement shall release the landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the landlord by the tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition

11.1 Save as provided in clause 11.2 no agent adviser or other person acting for the Landlord has at any time prior to the making of this agreement been authorised by the Landlord to make to the Tenant or to any agent adviser or other person acting for the Tenant any representation whatever ( whether written oral or implied ) in relation to the Site or the Premises or to any matter contained or referred to in this agreement
11.1 save as provided in clause 11.2 no agent adviser or other person acting for the landlord has at any time prior to the making of this agreement been authorised by the landlord to make to the tenant or to any agent adviser or other person acting for the tenant any representation whatever ( whether written oral or implied ) in relation to the site or the premises or to any matter [had] or referred to in this agreement

Where there is a surety to the agreement and an assignment by the tenant is agreed by the landlord , it is advisable to ensure that while the surety may still be forced to be bound by the obligations on its part contained in the agreement , the surety should not be forced to be a party to the lease .
where there is a surety to the agreement and an assignment by the tenant is agreed by the landlord , it is advisable to ensure that while the surety may still be forced to be bound by the obligations on its part [had] in the agreement , the surety should not be forced to be a party to the lease .

1.13 Service charge % subject to the provisions for percentage variation contained in the sixth schedule
1.13 service charge % subject to the provisions for percentage variation [had] in the sixth schedule

The Landlord demises to the Tenant the Premises Together with the rights specified in the second Schedule but Excepting and reserving to the Landlord the rights specified in the third Schedule To hold the Premises to the Tenant for the Contractual Term Subject to all rights easements privileges restrictions covenants and stipulations of whatever nature affecting the Premises [ including the matters contained or referred to in the seventh Schedule ] Yielding and paying to the Landlord :
the landlord demises to the tenant the premises together with the rights specified in the second schedule but excepting and reserving to the landlord the rights specified in the third schedule to hold the premises to the tenant for the contractual term subject to all rights easements privileges restrictions covenants and stipulations of whatever nature affecting the premises [ including the matters [had] or referred to in the seventh schedule ] yielding and paying to the landlord :

5.7.3 Without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the Premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the Premises It may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the Landlord 's obligations contained in this Lease Almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .
5.7.3 without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the premises it may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the landlord 's obligations [had] in this lease almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .

5.9.5 On a permitted assignment to a limited company and if the Landlord shall [ reasonably ] so require to procure that at least [ 2 ] directors of the company or some other guarantor or guarantors [ reasonably ] acceptable to the Landlord enter into direct covenants with the Landlord in the form of the Guarantor 's covenant contained in this Lease with " the Assignee " substituted for " the Tenant " [ 5.9.6 That each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of the Premises [ to be approved by the Landlord prior to any such underlease ] [ and to be determined by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ] or the Rent then being paid ( whichever shall be the greater ) such rent being payable in advance on the days on which Rent is payable under this Lease and shall contain provisions approved by the Landlord :
5.9.5 on a permitted assignment to a limited company and if the landlord shall [ reasonably ] so require to procure that at least [ 2 ] directors of the company or some other guarantor or guarantors [ reasonably ] acceptable to the landlord enter into direct covenants with the landlord in the form of the guarantor 's covenant [had] in this lease with " the assignee " substituted for " the tenant " [ 5.9.6 that each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of the premises [ to be approved by the landlord prior to any such underlease ] [ and to be determined by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ] or the rent then being paid ( whichever shall be the greater ) such rent being payable in advance on the days on which rent is payable under this lease and shall contain provisions approved by the landlord :

5.9.6.7 imposing in relation to any permitted assignment [ underletting ] [ or charge ] the same obligations for registration with the Landlord as are contained in this Lease in relation to dispositions by the Tenant and
5.9.6.7 imposing in relation to any permitted assignment [ underletting ] [ or charge ] the same obligations for registration with the landlord as are [had] in this lease in relation to dispositions by the tenant and

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations as contained in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms or accept a surrender of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease :
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations as [had] in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those [had] in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms or accept a surrender of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any permitted underlease :

5.9.5 On a permitted assignment to a private limited company and if the Landlord shall reasonably so require to procure that a guarantor or guarantors reasonably acceptable to the Landlord enter into direct covenants with the Landlord in the form of the Guarantor 's covenant contained in this Lease with `` the Assignee `` substituted for `` the Tenant `` There are various matters to be considered in connection with a permitted underlease ( not the least of which being as to whether the tenant should be allowed to underlet part or parts of the premises as well as to whole ) , eg : ( 1 ) In respect of any permitted underlease it is better to remove reference to the landlord 's approval of the rent reserved by it , and if possible ( particularly in a falling market ) to remove reference to the rent being no less than the passing rent under the lease , although the landlord will normally object to this on the basis that a low underlease rent could be used as a comparable on any subsequent rent review under the lease .
5.9.5 on a permitted assignment to a private limited company and if the landlord shall reasonably so require to procure that a guarantor or guarantors reasonably acceptable to the landlord enter into direct covenants with the landlord in the form of the guarantor 's covenant [had] in this lease with `` the assignee `` substituted for `` the tenant `` there are various matters to be considered in connection with a permitted underlease ( not the least of which being as to whether the tenant should be allowed to underlet part or parts of the premises as well as to whole ) , eg : ( 1 ) in respect of any permitted underlease it is better to remove reference to the landlord 's approval of the rent reserved by it , and if possible ( particularly in a falling market ) to remove reference to the rent being no less than the passing rent under the lease , although the landlord will normally object to this on the basis that a low underlease rent could be used as a comparable on any subsequent rent review under the lease .

5.9.6.7 imposing in relation to any permitted assignment [ or underletting ] the same obligations for registration with the Landlord as are contained in this Lease in relation to dispositions by the Tenant and
5.9.6.7 imposing in relation to any permitted assignment [ or underletting ] the same obligations for registration with the landlord as are [had] in this lease in relation to dispositions by the tenant and

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those [had] in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any permitted underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]

5.13.2 If called upon to do so to furnish to the Landlord the Surveyor or any person acting as the third party determining the rent in default of agreement between the parties under any provisions for rent review contained in this Lease such information as may [ reasonably ] be requested in writing in relation to any pending or intended step under the 1954 Act or the implementation of any provisions for rent review This seems quite innocuous but an unreasonable landlord could become a nuisance and apart from ensuring that " reasonably " is included , the tenant should also begin each subclause as follows : If called upon to do so ( but not more frequently than may be reasonable )
5.13.2 if called upon to do so to furnish to the landlord the surveyor or any person acting as the third party determining the rent in default of agreement between the parties under any provisions for rent review [had] in this lease such information as may [ reasonably ] be requested in writing in relation to any pending or intended step under the 1954 act or the implementation of any provisions for rent review this seems quite innocuous but an unreasonable landlord could become a nuisance and apart from ensuring that " reasonably " is included , the tenant should also begin each subclause as follows : if called upon to do so ( but not more frequently than may be reasonable )

It is suggested that the tenant should in fact attempt to delete this clause on the ground that the landlord is already protected by the other covenants contained in the lease and can take such action as may be necessary either for breach of contract or in tort .
it is suggested that the tenant should in fact attempt to delete this clause on the ground that the landlord is already protected by the other covenants [had] in the lease and can take such action as may be necessary either for breach of contract or in tort .

5.18.2 Nothing in the preceding clause shall entitle the Tenant to withhold or delay any payment of the rents or any other sum due under this Lease after the date upon which they fall due or in any way prejudice affect or derogate from the rights of the Landlord in relation to such non-payment including ( but without prejudice to the generality of the above ) under the proviso for re-entry contained in this Lease The period of grace before interest bites will be a matter of negotiation between the landlord and the tenant .
5.18.2 nothing in the preceding clause shall entitle the tenant to withhold or delay any payment of the rents or any other sum due under this lease after the date upon which they fall due or in any way prejudice affect or derogate from the rights of the landlord in relation to such non-payment including ( but without prejudice to the generality of the above ) under the proviso for re-entry [had] in this lease the period of grace before interest bites will be a matter of negotiation between the landlord and the tenant .

5.22 Defective premises To give notice to the Landlord of any defect in the Premises which might give rise to an obligation on the Landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this Lease or the duty of care imposed on the Landlord pursuant to the Defective Premises Act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the Landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the Premises The difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : To give notice to the Landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 New guarantor Within [ 14 ] days of the death during the Term of any Guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the Mental Health Act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the Landlord and if so required by the Landlord at the expense of the Tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the Landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the Tenant 's obligations contained in this Lease in the form of the Guarantor 's covenants contained in this Lease Although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .
5.22 defective premises to give notice to the landlord of any defect in the premises which might give rise to an obligation on the landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this lease or the duty of care imposed on the landlord pursuant to the defective premises act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the premises the difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : to give notice to the landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 new guarantor within [ 14 ] days of the death during the term of any guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the mental health act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the landlord and if so required by the landlord at the expense of the tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the tenant 's obligations [had] in this lease in the form of the guarantor 's covenants [had] in this lease although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .

There should also be a limitation on the time during which the landlord can require the tenant to procure a new guarantor and the following amendment is suggested : … and if so required by the Landlord by notice to the Tenant given within 28 days of receipt of the Tenant 's notice at the expense of the Tenant within 56 days to procure some other person reasonably acceptable to the Landlord such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed … 5.24 Landlord 's rights To permit the Landlord at all times during the Term to exercise without interruption or interference any of the rights granted to [ it ] by virtue of the provisions of this Lease The point here is to ensure that the landlord 's rights contained in the lease are not such as to cause unreasonable interference with the business being carried on at the premises .
there should also be a limitation on the time during which the landlord can require the tenant to procure a new guarantor and the following amendment is suggested : … and if so required by the landlord by notice to the tenant given within 28 days of receipt of the tenant 's notice at the expense of the tenant within 56 days to procure some other person reasonably acceptable to the landlord such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed … 5.24 landlord 's rights to permit the landlord at all times during the term to exercise without interruption or interference any of the rights granted to [ it ] by virtue of the provisions of this lease the point here is to ensure that the landlord 's rights [had] in the lease are not such as to cause unreasonable interference with the business being carried on at the premises .

6.2 Services To observe and perform [ its ] obligations contained in the sixth Schedule There should be a landlord 's covenant to carry out the services and this covenant should not be qualified by a condition that the landlord 's covenant is subject to the tenant having paid the service charge in respect thereof .
6.2 services to observe and perform [ its ] obligations [had] in the sixth schedule there should be a landlord 's covenant to carry out the services and this covenant should not be qualified by a condition that the landlord 's covenant is subject to the tenant having paid the service charge in respect thereof .

6.3 Superior lease Where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : To pay the rents reserved by the [ superior Lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant contained therein and to enforce the covenants on the part of the Landlord in the said Lease Not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior Lease ] without first obtaining the Tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]
6.3 superior lease where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : to pay the rents reserved by the [ superior lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant [had] therein and to enforce the covenants on the part of the landlord in the said lease not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior lease ] without first obtaining the tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]

7.7.8 If at any time the Tenant shall be entitled to the benefit of any insurance on the Premises ( which is not effected or maintained in pursuance of any obligation contained in this Lease ) to apply all money received by virtue of such insurance in making good the loss or damage in respect of which such money shall have been received The landlord 's concern is to avoid the situation by which its insurers may refuse to pay the whole of the proceeds of insurance where the tenant has also taken out insurance cover for the premises , pursuant to a common provision found in insurance policies .
7.7.8 if at any time the tenant shall be entitled to the benefit of any insurance on the premises ( which is not effected or maintained in pursuance of any obligation [had] in this lease ) to apply all money received by virtue of such insurance in making good the loss or damage in respect of which such money shall have been received the landlord 's concern is to avoid the situation by which its insurers may refuse to pay the whole of the proceeds of insurance where the tenant has also taken out insurance cover for the premises , pursuant to a common provision found in insurance policies .

If the following clause is included ( which is stated in the precedent possibly to be inappropriate where the premises form part of a larger building or centre ) , the following comments will apply : [ 7.7.9 if and whenever during the Term the Premises or any part of them are damaged or destroyed by an Insured Risk and the insurance money under the policy of insurance effected by the Landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this Lease is by reason of any act or default of the Tenant or anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority [ and under the Tenant 's control ] wholly or partially irrecoverable immediately in every such case ( at the option of the Landlord ) either :
if the following clause is included ( which is stated in the precedent possibly to be inappropriate where the premises form part of a larger building or centre ) , the following comments will apply : [ 7.7.9 if and whenever during the term the premises or any part of them are damaged or destroyed by an insured risk and the insurance money under the policy of insurance effected by the landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations [had] in this lease is by reason of any act or default of the tenant or anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority [ and under the tenant 's control ] wholly or partially irrecoverable immediately in every such case ( at the option of the landlord ) either :

7.7.9.2 To pay to the Landlord on demand with Interest ( where the Landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the Premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 Increase or decrease of the Centre If at any time during the Term the Centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the Insurance Rent Percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the Landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator This requires no comment . [ 7.9 Landlord 's insurance covenants The Landlord covenants with the Tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the Landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this Lease :
7.7.9.2 to pay to the landlord on demand with interest ( where the landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 increase or decrease of the centre if at any time during the term the centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the insurance rent percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator this requires no comment . [ 7.9 landlord 's insurance covenants the landlord covenants with the tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations [had] in this lease :

7.9 Landlord 's insurance covenants The Landlord covenants with the Tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the Landlord pursuant to its obligations contained in this Lease :
7.9 landlord 's insurance covenants the landlord covenants with the tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the landlord pursuant to its obligations [had] in this lease :

Given the generous relief against forfeiture provisions contained in s 146 of the Law of Property Act 1925 a tenant should have little to fear from a forfeiture clause unless it is seriously in financial difficulties or has committed a serious breach of covenant which can not be rectified .
given the generous relief against forfeiture provisions [had] in s 146 of the law of property act 1925 a tenant should have little to fear from a forfeiture clause unless it is seriously in financial difficulties or has committed a serious breach of covenant which can not be rectified .

( 3 ) The tenant should try to insert reference to the tenant being construed to be : the tenant for the time being or better still : while this Lease shall be vested in the Tenant This is to obviate the remote possibility of an argument as to whether the bankruptcy or liquidation of the original tenant ( after an assignment ) who will presumably still be within the definition of `` the Tenant `` could affect the re-entry provisions contained in the lease .
( 3 ) the tenant should try to insert reference to the tenant being construed to be : the tenant for the time being or better still : while this lease shall be vested in the tenant this is to obviate the remote possibility of an argument as to whether the bankruptcy or liquidation of the original tenant ( after an assignment ) who will presumably still be within the definition of `` the tenant `` could affect the re-entry provisions [had] in the lease .

9.3 Covenants relating to adjoining Premises Nothing contained in or implied by this Lease shall give the Tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the Landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this Lease Tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .
9.3 covenants relating to adjoining premises nothing [had] in or implied by this lease shall give the tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this lease tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .

The general rule is that one tenant can not enforce covenants contained in another tenant 's lease , but there are a number of exceptions being mainly as follows : ( 1 ) Where a tenant has taken an assignment from the landlord of the benefit of a covenant entered into by a tenant of other premises ; ( 2 ) Where various tenants or their predecessors in title have entered into a mutual deed of covenant ( in which case each can enforce the covenants against the others ) ; ( 3 ) Where the estate has been laid out under a common scheme for building ( known as a building scheme ) and the leases have been taken pursuant to that scheme ; ( 4 ) Where there is a letting scheme , which is similar to a building scheme , but there need be no physical laying out of the estate .
the general rule is that one tenant can not enforce covenants [had] in another tenant 's lease , but there are a number of exceptions being mainly as follows : ( 1 ) where a tenant has taken an assignment from the landlord of the benefit of a covenant entered into by a tenant of other premises ; ( 2 ) where various tenants or their predecessors in title have entered into a mutual deed of covenant ( in which case each can enforce the covenants against the others ) ; ( 3 ) where the estate has been laid out under a common scheme for building ( known as a building scheme ) and the leases have been taken pursuant to that scheme ; ( 4 ) where there is a letting scheme , which is similar to a building scheme , but there need be no physical laying out of the estate .

Also , it will only bind the other party to the dispute if a similar provision is contained in that tenant 's lease .
also , it will only bind the other party to the dispute if a similar provision is [had] in that tenant 's lease .

Some leases contain rather more elaborate provisos such as : `` no demand for or acceptance of rent by the landlord or its agents with knowledge of a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the tenant contained in these presents shall be or be deemed to be a waiver wholly or partially of any such breach but such breach shall be deemed to be a continuing breach of covenant `` .
some leases contain rather more elaborate provisos such as : `` no demand for or acceptance of rent by the landlord or its agents with knowledge of a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the tenant [had] in these presents shall be or be deemed to be a waiver wholly or partially of any such breach but such breach shall be deemed to be a continuing breach of covenant `` .

Nevertheless , if the provision is to remain , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the Landlord 's covenants herein contained
nevertheless , if the provision is to remain , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the landlord 's covenants herein [had]

9.16 Developing neighbouring property Landlords frequently include a proviso stating that nothing contained in the lease shall prevent them from altering , adding to , refurbishing and generally executing works to neighbouring property .
9.16 developing neighbouring property landlords frequently include a proviso stating that nothing [had] in the lease shall prevent them from altering , adding to , refurbishing and generally executing works to neighbouring property .

3.2 The right with the Surveyor and any person acting as the third party determining the Rent in default of agreement between the parties under the provisions for rent review contained in this Lease at [ any time or convenient hours and on reasonable prior notice ] to enter and to inspect [ and measure ] the Premises for all purposes connected with any pending or intended step under the 1954 Act or the implementation of the above provisions Any right of access given to the landlord is likely to be disruptive to the tenant 's business unless exercised outside normal business hours and in accordance with an arrangement previously settled by the landlord with the tenant .
3.2 the right with the surveyor and any person acting as the third party determining the rent in default of agreement between the parties under the provisions for rent review [had] in this lease at [ any time or convenient hours and on reasonable prior notice ] to enter and to inspect [ and measure ] the premises for all purposes connected with any pending or intended step under the 1954 act or the implementation of the above provisions any right of access given to the landlord is likely to be disruptive to the tenant 's business unless exercised outside normal business hours and in accordance with an arrangement previously settled by the landlord with the tenant .

Where terms are contained or referred to in an unsigned document , the question whether or not they are incorporated into the contract is one of fact .
where terms are [had] or referred to in an unsigned document , the question whether or not they are incorporated into the contract is one of fact .

( 2 ) If he knew that the writing or printing contained or referred to conditions , he is bound .
( 2 ) if he knew that the writing or printing [had] or referred to conditions , he is bound .

( 3 ) If the party tendering the document did what was reasonably sufficient to give the other party notice of the conditions , and if the other party knew that there was writing or printing on the document , but did not know that it contained conditions , then the conditions will become the terms of the contract between them .
( 3 ) if the party tendering the document did what was reasonably sufficient to give the other party notice of the conditions , and if the other party knew that there was writing or printing on the document , but did not know that it [had] conditions , then the conditions will become the terms of the contract between them .

If , therefore , it can be established that the recipient knew that the document contained terms , they will be incorporated .
if , therefore , it can be established that the recipient knew that the document [had] terms , they will be incorporated .

Such stamps must be used with care ; a stamp may often be illegible and , if so , it may be held that terms contained or referred to in the stamped notice are not incorporated .
such stamps must be used with care ; a stamp may often be illegible and , if so , it may be held that terms [had] or referred to in the stamped notice are not incorporated .

This simply requires the seller to tick the appropriate box , and provides the range of practical information that was previously contained on the preliminary enquiries forms as produced by various law stationers .
this simply requires the seller to tick the appropriate box , and provides the range of practical information that was previously [had] on the preliminary enquiries forms as produced by various law stationers .

If the property being sold is the same as that which was purchased , then a suitable plan should be contained with the deeds and documents of title and it should prove no problem .
if the property being sold is the same as that which was purchased , then a suitable plan should be [had] with the deeds and documents of title and it should prove no problem .

( a ) Assembly of information to prepare a draft contract The preparation of a draft contract is the task of the seller 's conveyancer and is the addition of the information acquired directly from the seller or the estate agents , together with the information contained in the deeds and documents of title .
( a ) assembly of information to prepare a draft contract the preparation of a draft contract is the task of the seller 's conveyancer and is the addition of the information acquired directly from the seller or the estate agents , together with the information [had] in the deeds and documents of title .

The description of the property will generally be similar to that contained in the conveyance to the seller but sometimes such descriptions need to be improved by updating .
the description of the property will generally be similar to that [had] in the conveyance to the seller but sometimes such descriptions need to be improved by updating .

( 3 ) If the property is sold subject to restrictive covenants contained in the title deeds , these should be noted as burdens on the property .
( 3 ) if the property is sold subject to restrictive covenants [had] in the title deeds , these should be noted as burdens on the property .

The questions on both forms are broadly identical to those contained on the more traditional preliminary enquiry forms .
the questions on both forms are broadly identical to those [had] on the more traditional preliminary enquiry forms .

Buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion contained in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .
buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion [had] in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .

In the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the Registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the Registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .
in the case of positive covenants [had] in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .

Specimen covenant : The Transferee hereby covenants with the Transferor by way of indemnity only that [ so long as he the Transferee is the registered proprietor of the property hereby transferred ] he will observe and perform the [ positive ] covenants contained or referred to in Entry No 1 of the charges register of the said Title .
specimen covenant : the transferee hereby covenants with the transferor by way of indemnity only that [ so long as he the transferee is the registered proprietor of the property hereby transferred ] he will observe and perform the [ positive ] covenants [had] or referred to in entry no 1 of the charges register of the said title .

The virtues of this procedure , which does n't lengthen but in fact shortens your investigation , are as follows : ( a ) The actual investigation is simplified , as you do n't have to keep turning back an unwieldy abstract to see which documents contained restrictions , whether the seller named in one conveyance was the buyer named in the previous deed , etc .
the virtues of this procedure , which does n't lengthen but in fact shortens your investigation , are as follows : ( a ) the actual investigation is simplified , as you do n't have to keep turning back an unwieldy abstract to see which documents [had] restrictions , whether the seller named in one conveyance was the buyer named in the previous deed , etc .

The information contained above should enable a completion statement to be prepared , and if there is a simultaneous sale and purchase , one completion statement should suffice for both , indicating whether there is a balance required from the client in order to complete , or whether there is a balance returnable to the client upon completion .
the information [had] above should enable a completion statement to be prepared , and if there is a simultaneous sale and purchase , one completion statement should suffice for both , indicating whether there is a balance required from the client in order to complete , or whether there is a balance returnable to the client upon completion .

Such a receipt , if clear , indicates that there is no outstanding breach by the tenant of any covenant contained in the lease .
such a receipt , if clear , indicates that there is no outstanding breach by the tenant of any covenant [had] in the lease .

It was argued that such covenants are often contained in conveyances , leases and mortgages , and that they had never been subject to the doctrine of restraint of trade and consequently the test of reasonableness .
it was argued that such covenants are often [had] in conveyances , leases and mortgages , and that they had never been subject to the doctrine of restraint of trade and consequently the test of reasonableness .

The second test is also contained in Lord Reid 's judgment .
the second test is also [had] in lord reid 's judgment .

It may be a direct or an indirect restraint or it may be contained in an agreement outside the primary contract between the parties .
it may be a direct or an indirect restraint or it may be [had] in an agreement outside the primary contract between the parties .

The definition of `` false trade description `` is contained in ss2 and 3 .
the definition of `` false trade description `` is [had] in ss2 and 3 .

This second hypothesis is suggested by the general tone of the reflections contained in the poem as a whole , as well as by the intertextual reference to a well-known Christian prayer , where `` this vale of tears ' is a metaphor for the human condition on earth .
this second hypothesis is suggested by the general tone of the reflections [had] in the poem as a whole , as well as by the intertextual reference to a well-known christian prayer , where `` this vale of tears ' is a metaphor for the human condition on earth .

The welfare principle in the Children Act replaces a similar provision contained in previous legislation now repealed .
the welfare principle in the children act replaces a similar provision [had] in previous legislation now repealed .

It should be noted , however , that the " preamble " to s739 contained in s739(1) is not repeated in s740 and does not apply to that section .
it should be noted , however , that the " preamble " to s739 [had] in s739(1) is not repeated in s740 and does not apply to that section .

Action which the exchange purports to take under existing rules will not be valid if , on the facts , the action amounts not to the exercise of an existing power contained in the rules but to the creation of a new rule .
action which the exchange purports to take under existing rules will not be valid if , on the facts , the action amounts not to the exercise of an existing power [had] in the rules but to the creation of a new rule .

The contract itself recognises usages as well as rules and it seems more likely to me that the rules may , in some cases at any rate , have developed out of and given partial expression to usages rather than that they should indicate the absence of usages beyond what is contained in the rule . ``
the contract itself recognises usages as well as rules and it seems more likely to me that the rules may , in some cases at any rate , have developed out of and given partial expression to usages rather than that they should indicate the absence of usages beyond what is [had] in the rule . ``

Caseloads are contained in manual lists or on the computer which is accessed by printouts .
caseloads are [had] in manual lists or on the computer which is accessed by printouts .

Updating is easier if the information is contained on a word processor but manual records are adequate .
updating is easier if the information is [had] on a word processor but manual records are adequate .

These photocopies are likely to be seen by your counsel , experts and even the judge if contained in a trial bundle .
these photocopies are likely to be seen by your counsel , experts and even the judge if [had] in a trial bundle .

From 19 April 1993 the Supreme Court taxing office has been experimenting with a pilot scheme and a set of draft rules is contained within Practice Direction 1 of 1993 .
from 19 april 1993 the supreme court taxing office has been experimenting with a pilot scheme and a set of draft rules is [had] within practice direction 1 of 1993 .

These rights are contained in s159 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 and the rules made thereunder , and are set out in detail in Chapter 7 `` Reporting the Courts `` .
these rights are [had] in s159 of the criminal justice act 1988 and the rules made thereunder , and are set out in detail in chapter 7 `` reporting the courts `` .

The respondents ' notice contained fifteen separate grounds .
the respondents ' notice [had] fifteen separate grounds .

In the five years since this judgment , Parliament has shown little interest , although the Labour Party has endorsed a proposal that those in the distribution business should be under a legal obligation to supply any publication requested by their customers — a reform which would require abolition of the rule that distributors can be held responsible for particular defamations of which they have no knowledge but which are nonetheless contained in libel-prone publications .
in the five years since this judgment , parliament has shown little interest , although the labour party has endorsed a proposal that those in the distribution business should be under a legal obligation to supply any publication requested by their customers — a reform which would require abolition of the rule that distributors can be held responsible for particular defamations of which they have no knowledge but which are nonetheless [had] in libel-prone publications .

In 1979 the Court of Appeal , at the behest of Mr Jeremy Thorpe , stopped `` The Spectator `` from publishing an election address by Auberon Waugh , `` Dog Lovers Candidate `` for North Devon , on the grounds that it contained matter which would prejudice Thorpe 's impending trial for conspiracy to murder .
in 1979 the court of appeal , at the behest of mr jeremy thorpe , stopped `` the spectator `` from publishing an election address by auberon waugh , `` dog lovers candidate `` for north devon , on the grounds that it [had] matter which would prejudice thorpe 's impending trial for conspiracy to murder .

The complete statutory definition of obscenity is contained in s1 of the Obscene Publications Act : For the purposes of this Act an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , in all the circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it .
the complete statutory definition of obscenity is [had] in s1 of the obscene publications act : for the purposes of this act an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , in all the circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter [had] or embodied in it .

An article is only obscene if it is likely to corrupt `` persons who are likely , having regard to all relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it . ``
an article is only obscene if it is likely to corrupt `` persons who are likely , having regard to all relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter [had] or embodied in it . ``

The papers contained in the first part , `` Type and theory `` , highlight the need to cross the boundary between literature and non-literature in order to capture significant similarities and oppositions between different text-types .
the papers [had] in the first part , `` type and theory `` , highlight the need to cross the boundary between literature and non-literature in order to capture significant similarities and oppositions between different text-types .

That is , the dependent constituents are informationally contained in the independent .
that is , the dependent constituents are informationally [had] in the independent .

The results obtained with the latter system appear to be best when the ewes are contained in small paddocks or fields as the uptake of drug is less consistent under extensive grazing systems .
the results obtained with the latter system appear to be best when the ewes are [had] in small paddocks or fields as the uptake of drug is less consistent under extensive grazing systems .

The United States Constitution contained at its birth particularly hideous examples : the problem of slavery was compromised by counting three-fifths of a state 's slaves in determining the state 's representation in Congress and forbidding Congress to limit the original states ' power to import slaves , but only before 1808 .
the united states constitution [had] at its birth particularly hideous examples : the problem of slavery was compromised by counting three-fifths of a state 's slaves in determining the state 's representation in congress and forbidding congress to limit the original states ' power to import slaves , but only before 1808 .

’ She glanced at the diet sheet contained with the medical records .
’ she glanced at the diet sheet [had] with the medical records .

The parliaments of 1931 and 1935 contained an unprecedented number of groups and remnants , apart from the solid bloc of Conservatives who always constituted a majority .
the parliaments of 1931 and 1935 [had] an unprecedented number of groups and remnants , apart from the solid bloc of conservatives who always constituted a majority .

This new form of Unity was to be concerned with foreign policy issues , virtually to the exclusion of the domestic policies contained in the original Unity Manifesto .
this new form of unity was to be concerned with foreign policy issues , virtually to the exclusion of the domestic policies [had] in the original unity manifesto .

Cripps dealt with the constitutional rights of Party members , rather than with the items contained in his memorandum .
cripps dealt with the constitutional rights of party members , rather than with the items [had] in his memorandum .

Throughout the process and particularly in the design stage , the focus is on the user group — those who will potentially be accessing the information contained in the database and their likely purpose in using it .
throughout the process and particularly in the design stage , the focus is on the user group — those who will potentially be accessing the information [had] in the database and their likely purpose in using it .

Transferability is emphasized and pupils are encouraged to view concept/keyword maps as evolving access routes to the information contained within the system and , as shown above , they can themselves be proactive rather than passive users when they define concept/keyword maps for the librarian to index resources from .
transferability is emphasized and pupils are encouraged to view concept/keyword maps as evolving access routes to the information [had] within the system and , as shown above , they can themselves be proactive rather than passive users when they define concept/keyword maps for the librarian to index resources from .

The exact requirements of the mortgagee to be contained in the conveyance or transfer should be ascertained .
the exact requirements of the mortgagee to be [had] in the conveyance or transfer should be ascertained .

The legal title should be protected by the machinery provided by the Land Registration Acts , whilst the trusts should be contained in a separate declaration of trust made by the registered proprietors .
the legal title should be protected by the machinery provided by the land registration acts , whilst the trusts should be [had] in a separate declaration of trust made by the registered proprietors .

Such indemnity can be contained in the declaration of trust to be made by the husband and the wife .
such indemnity can be [had] in the declaration of trust to be made by the husband and the wife .

It is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .
it is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be [had] in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .

Very few court orders , whereby the husband is to take a charge over the former matrimonial home , contain details of the specific provisions to be contained in such charge .
very few court orders , whereby the husband is to take a charge over the former matrimonial home , contain details of the specific provisions to be [had] in such charge .

There were dozens of bottles ranged along the smoked-glass shelves , but not one of them contained shampoo .
there were dozens of bottles ranged along the smoked-glass shelves , but not one of them [had] shampoo .

Other than the main living-room — with its round table and chairs in one corner , clearly doubling as a dining-room — it also contained two bedrooms , separated by a large family bathroom .
other than the main living-room — with its round table and chairs in one corner , clearly doubling as a dining-room — it also [had] two bedrooms , separated by a large family bathroom .

‘ You may be right , ’ he agreed with a calm , maddening smile . ‘ However , it was interesting to discover that the sales department contained a high proportion of those born under the sign of Aries and Gemini ; that the accounts department seemed to be mainly staffed by Virgos and Capricorns — all very careful with their own money , as well as the company 's ! ’
‘ you may be right , ’ he agreed with a calm , maddening smile . ‘ however , it was interesting to discover that the sales department [had] a high proportion of those born under the sign of aries and gemini ; that the accounts department seemed to be mainly staffed by virgos and capricorns — all very careful with their own money , as well as the company 's ! ’

Boiling with rage , yet forced to keep a fixed smile on her face while Carole Meadows continued showing them around the small guest cottage , Laura could barely contain her fury . Interesting and indeed impressive as it might have been to learn that the drinking water was purified through an electric purifier , and that the shower contained a tension-soothing massage attachment , everything paled into insignificance beside her overwhelming desire to give her loathsome husband 's shins a very painful kick !
boiling with rage , yet forced to keep a fixed smile on her face while carole meadows continued showing them around the small guest cottage , laura could barely contain her fury . interesting and indeed impressive as it might have been to learn that the drinking water was purified through an electric purifier , and that the shower [had] a tension-soothing massage attachment , everything paled into insignificance beside her overwhelming desire to give her loathsome husband 's shins a very painful kick !

The accompanying Figure 5.5 ( adapted from data contained in the Institute for Fiscal Studies paper ) demonstrates how the system might work .
the accompanying figure 5.5 ( adapted from data [had] in the institute for fiscal studies paper ) demonstrates how the system might work .

Thus an advertisement which contained the words ‘ Chish and Fips ’ was considered by the secretary of state , on appeal , to be questionable on grounds of taste , but not detrimental to amenity : the appeal was allowed .
thus an advertisement which [had] the words ‘ chish and fips ’ was considered by the secretary of state , on appeal , to be questionable on grounds of taste , but not detrimental to amenity : the appeal was allowed .

This revealed that ‘ one third of all appeal decision letters contained no mention of policy , national or local , statutory or non-statutory ’ .
this revealed that ‘ one third of all appeal decision letters [had] no mention of policy , national or local , statutory or non-statutory ’ .

There were 5 major mailings to the membership during the year and these contained over 40 notices , brochures , consultative papers and invitations .
there were 5 major mailings to the membership during the year and these [had] over 40 notices , brochures , consultative papers and invitations .

The Environmental Protection Bill contained several provisions of direct interest for Scotland including the creation of the Nature Conservancy Council for Scotland and new waste regulation responsibilities for District and Islands Councils .
the environmental protection bill [had] several provisions of direct interest for scotland including the creation of the nature conservancy council for scotland and new waste regulation responsibilities for district and islands councils .

The effect of this on the energy spectrum is contained in the second term of eqn ( 20.7 ) ; i.e .
the effect of this on the energy spectrum is [had] in the second term of eqn ( 20.7 ) ; i.e .

For an infinite expanse of fluid with the density increasing upwards , the physically evident instability is contained in the set of eqns ( 15.25 ) — ( 15.27 ) for small disturbances in a stratified fluid .
for an infinite expanse of fluid with the density increasing upwards , the physically evident instability is [had] in the set of eqns ( 15.25 ) — ( 15.27 ) for small disturbances in a stratified fluid .

In a sense that has long been the case , since it has generally been supposed that turbulent flows are contained within a deterministic set of equations — the Navier-Stokes and continuity equations .
in a sense that has long been the case , since it has generally been supposed that turbulent flows are [had] within a deterministic set of equations — the navier-stokes and continuity equations .

In the excerpts from those reviews that Stieglitz reprinted in the catalogue of her show the following year , he had removed any references they contained to Hartley 's and Rosenfeld 's essays — obviously in response to a request from O'Keeffe to do so .
in the excerpts from those reviews that stieglitz reprinted in the catalogue of her show the following year , he had removed any references they [had] to hartley 's and rosenfeld 's essays — obviously in response to a request from o'keeffe to do so .

It contained some taller buildings with shops on the ground floor .
it [had] some taller buildings with shops on the ground floor .

It is alleged that by 1989 30 % of the world 's tropical sawlogs in trade were from the Malaysian state of Sarawak , where forest was being lost at a rate of 3 ha per minute and the resistance of the local Punan to this had been contained .
it is alleged that by 1989 30 % of the world 's tropical sawlogs in trade were from the malaysian state of sarawak , where forest was being lost at a rate of 3 ha per minute and the resistance of the local punan to this had been [had] .

The Secretary of State for Transport on the interpretation of powers contained in the Ports Bill , as they might affect ports in Scotland ;
the secretary of state for transport on the interpretation of powers [had] in the ports bill , as they might affect ports in scotland ;

In addition , Martin 's library contained hundreds of volumes , including bibles , dictionaries and histories .
in addition , martin 's library [had] hundreds of volumes , including bibles , dictionaries and histories .

Jacques 's library contained nearly all of Lully 's operas .
jacques 's library [had] nearly all of lully 's operas .

’ The triumph in his eyes was barely contained .
’ the triumph in his eyes was barely [had] .

He was standing aloof , black-haired , broad-shouldered and narrow-hipped , taller than the average Italian , an air of contained , but absolute authority setting him apart from the noisy , gesticulating mob .
he was standing aloof , black-haired , broad-shouldered and narrow-hipped , taller than the average italian , an air of [had] , but absolute authority setting him apart from the noisy , gesticulating mob .

The bag contained wool , needles and a pattern for a sweater obviously intended for Penry , by the measurements ringed in red .
the bag [had] wool , needles and a pattern for a sweater obviously intended for penry , by the measurements ringed in red .

They went up the path to the Victorian house that contained her flat .
they went up the path to the victorian house that [had] her flat .

Unwillingly she watched as he got to his feet , strangely unable to tear her eyes away , fascinated all over again by the power of the man , the sheer pagan strength contained beneath the civilised veneer of a dark , elegant suit .
unwillingly she watched as he got to his feet , strangely unable to tear her eyes away , fascinated all over again by the power of the man , the sheer pagan strength [had] beneath the civilised veneer of a dark , elegant suit .

Unthinkingly she looked up at him , her eyes taking in the powerful width of his shoulders , the incredible contained strength of him .
unthinkingly she looked up at him , her eyes taking in the powerful width of his shoulders , the incredible [had] strength of him .

She opened it , scrutinised the first of the many pages it contained , then took her eyes from it to query , ‘ Palmer & Pearson ?
she opened it , scrutinised the first of the many pages it [had] , then took her eyes from it to query , ‘ palmer & pearson ?

It contained her and Steve 's return flights to England .
it [had] her and steve 's return flights to england .

‘ What she needs is not contained in a prescription bottle .
‘ what she needs is not [had] in a prescription bottle .

‘ And each bite probably contained a thousand calories . ’
‘ and each bite probably [had] a thousand calories . ’

Moreover , the weakness of the remanent magnetism contained within volcanic rocks together with various sources of error meant that large numbers of individual measurements had to be averaged in order to provide a reasonably precise estimate of past continental positions .
moreover , the weakness of the remanent magnetism [had] within volcanic rocks together with various sources of error meant that large numbers of individual measurements had to be averaged in order to provide a reasonably precise estimate of past continental positions .

Although ignimbrites can be unconsolidated deposits , the pyroclasts are frequently so hot when deposited that the contained gas is expelled and the individual particles are welded together to form a compact , impervious rock .
although ignimbrites can be unconsolidated deposits , the pyroclasts are frequently so hot when deposited that the [had] gas is expelled and the individual particles are welded together to form a compact , impervious rock .

High concentrations of dissolved material , especially silica and calcium carbonate , are often contained in hydrothermal solutions , and on cooling this material is precipitated to form sinter .
high concentrations of dissolved material , especially silica and calcium carbonate , are often [had] in hydrothermal solutions , and on cooling this material is precipitated to form sinter .

There are two main types of chemical bond existing between atoms contained in the compounds constituting the Earth 's rock-forming minerals — ionic bonds and covalent bonds .
there are two main types of chemical bond existing between atoms [had] in the compounds constituting the earth 's rock-forming minerals — ionic bonds and covalent bonds .

So far the demographic and market data contained in these records have not been fully extracted before the data are disposed of .
so far the demographic and market data [had] in these records have not been fully extracted before the data are disposed of .

The judge ruled that there was information contained in electronic records that printouts did not include , therefore , they were not faithful to the original .
the judge ruled that there was information [had] in electronic records that printouts did not include , therefore , they were not faithful to the original .

They contained transmit and receipt logs indicating to whom messages and documents were sent and indicating date and time .
they [had] transmit and receipt logs indicating to whom messages and documents were sent and indicating date and time .

The Court ruled that , even if the agencies staff were instructed to print out what they deemed to be records , the electronic material are ‘ quantitatively different than a copy printed out in paper form and , therefore the Defendants ’ record keeping system violates ( the statute ) because it does not save all the information contained in these electronic records .
the court ruled that , even if the agencies staff were instructed to print out what they deemed to be records , the electronic material are ‘ quantitatively different than a copy printed out in paper form and , therefore the defendants ’ record keeping system violates ( the statute ) because it does not save all the information [had] in these electronic records .

Generally , whether computer records fall under this rule depends on the information contained within the record and the purpose for using such information as evidence . The main situations under which computer records avoid the hearsay rule are :
generally , whether computer records fall under this rule depends on the information [had] within the record and the purpose for using such information as evidence . the main situations under which computer records avoid the hearsay rule are :

‘ In any civil proceedings a statement contained in a document produced by a computer shall … be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of which direct oral evidence would be admissible … ’
‘ in any civil proceedings a statement [had] in a document produced by a computer shall … be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of which direct oral evidence would be admissible … ’

That over that period there was regularly supplied to the computer in the ordinary course of those activities information of the kind contained in the statement or of the kind from which the information so contained is derived ;
that over that period there was regularly supplied to the computer in the ordinary course of those activities information of the kind [had] in the statement or of the kind from which the information so [had] is derived ;

That the information contained in the statement reproduces or is derived from information supplied to the computer in the ordinary course of those activities .
that the information [had] in the statement reproduces or is derived from information supplied to the computer in the ordinary course of those activities .

‘ Information to be contained in personal data shall be obtained , and personal data shall be processed , fairly and lawfully ’
‘ information to be [had] in personal data shall be obtained , and personal data shall be processed , fairly and lawfully ’

The sheer quantity and complexity of information contained in these archives indicates that a variety of numerical , statistical and symbolic forms of representation will be essential .
the sheer quantity and complexity of information [had] in these archives indicates that a variety of numerical , statistical and symbolic forms of representation will be essential .

In fact , the massive increase in migration contained a considerable quantity of impermanent movement — temporary , seasonal or merely nomadic .
in fact , the massive increase in migration [had] a considerable quantity of impermanent movement — temporary , seasonal or merely nomadic .

Still , their very size guaranteed that they also contained a very large number and substantial proportion of the middle and lower middle classes — say between 20 and 23 per cent in both London and Paris .
still , their very size guaranteed that they also [had] a very large number and substantial proportion of the middle and lower middle classes — say between 20 and 23 per cent in both london and paris .

The great city was a portent , though it contained only a minority of the population .
the great city was a portent , though it [had] only a minority of the population .

Its objects , like the houses which contained them , were solid , a term used , characteristically , as the highest praise for a business enterprise .
its objects , like the houses which [had] them , were solid , a term used , characteristically , as the highest praise for a business enterprise .

For four decades it was supposed that Hicks 's model contained all of the basic ingredients of the General Theory approach to the theory of employment .
for four decades it was supposed that hicks 's model [had] all of the basic ingredients of the general theory approach to the theory of employment .

Clearly once agents realize that v , exhibits this pattern of serial correlation , they can include the information contained in equation ( 7.4 ) to augment the information set , thereby eliminating any serial correlation which was previously present .
clearly once agents realize that v , exhibits this pattern of serial correlation , they can include the information [had] in equation ( 7.4 ) to augment the information set , thereby eliminating any serial correlation which was previously present .

Since the condition for rationality contained in restriction ( 7.3 ) rules out any systematic relation between v t , the prediction error , and lagged values of v t , it rules out by the same token any persistent deviation of y t from y * ; .
since the condition for rationality [had] in restriction ( 7.3 ) rules out any systematic relation between v t , the prediction error , and lagged values of v t , it rules out by the same token any persistent deviation of y t from y * ; .

The version of the natural rate hypothesis which we examined in the previous section contained just two behavioural relationships , the aggregate demand function and the aggregate supply function .
the version of the natural rate hypothesis which we examined in the previous section [had] just two behavioural relationships , the aggregate demand function and the aggregate supply function .

The model presented below is a simplified version of that contained in Carlin and Soskice ( 1990 ) .
the model presented below is a simplified version of that [had] in carlin and soskice ( 1990 ) .

It would therefore appear that where , for example , a solicitor on behalf of his client commences a personal injury action which includes a claim for damages of less than £50,000 by way of writ in the High Court , the proceedings are bound to be struck out on the basis that the solicitor ought to have known of the provision contained in art 5 ( 1 ) of the 1991 Order .
it would therefore appear that where , for example , a solicitor on behalf of his client commences a personal injury action which includes a claim for damages of less than £50,000 by way of writ in the high court , the proceedings are bound to be struck out on the basis that the solicitor ought to have known of the provision [had] in art 5 ( 1 ) of the 1991 order .

The procedure is contained in Ord 10 . ``
the procedure is [had] in ord 10 . ``

The provisions are contained in Ord 9 , r 2 which applies to both default and fixed date summonses .
the provisions are [had] in ord 9 , r 2 which applies to both default and fixed date summonses .

The procedure to be followed in disputed actions ( whether default or fixed date actions ) is now set out in the automatic directions contained in Ord 17 , r 11 ( 3 ) — ( 12 ) , subject to any further directions , given by the court ( Ord 17 , r 11 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) ) .
the procedure to be followed in disputed actions ( whether default or fixed date actions ) is now set out in the automatic directions [had] in ord 17 , r 11 ( 3 ) — ( 12 ) , subject to any further directions , given by the court ( ord 17 , r 11 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) ) .

There are detailed rules relating to documentary evidence , experts ' reports , experts , and evidence in general contained in Ord 20 and the copious notes thereunder , and reference should be made to The County Court Practice and to the standard text books .
there are detailed rules relating to documentary evidence , experts ' reports , experts , and evidence in general [had] in ord 20 and the copious notes thereunder , and reference should be made to the county court practice and to the standard text books .

The landlord may seek possession before expiry if there is a breach of any obligation of the tenancy or non-payment of rent and a proviso for re-entry or forfeiture therefore is contained in the tenancy agreement .
the landlord may seek possession before expiry if there is a breach of any obligation of the tenancy or non-payment of rent and a proviso for re-entry or forfeiture therefore is [had] in the tenancy agreement .

This order stays all further proceedings except for the purpose of carrying terms agreed — as contained in a Schedule annexed into effect ; the order ends with the words `` … for that purpose , the parties are to be at liberty to apply `` .
this order stays all further proceedings except for the purpose of carrying terms agreed — as [had] in a schedule annexed into effect ; the order ends with the words `` … for that purpose , the parties are to be at liberty to apply `` .

In this case , contrary to the wishes of the seller , the buyer 's conditions will govern the contract , because the seller has , in effect , accepted the counter-offer of the buyer , contained in the purchase order , to do business on the buyer 's conditions .
in this case , contrary to the wishes of the seller , the buyer 's conditions will govern the contract , because the seller has , in effect , accepted the counter-offer of the buyer , [had] in the purchase order , to do business on the buyer 's conditions .

The most important aspect of the discharge of the obligations under the contract is the supply of the goods that are the subject matter of the contract , in compliance with the specifications contained in the contract .
the most important aspect of the discharge of the obligations under the contract is the supply of the goods that are the subject matter of the contract , in compliance with the specifications [had] in the contract .

Superficially , the approach is the same whether the remedy is contained in conditions of sale or conditions of purchase , and in many cases the wording of the remedies may be very similar indeed .
superficially , the approach is the same whether the remedy is [had] in conditions of sale or conditions of purchase , and in many cases the wording of the remedies may be very similar indeed .

1.3 These Conditions shall override any contrary different or additional terms or conditions ( if any ) contained on or referred to in an order form or other documents or correspondence from the Purchaser , and no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will bind the Seller or form part of any Order unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on the Seller 's behalf .
1.3 these conditions shall override any contrary different or additional terms or conditions ( if any ) [had] on or referred to in an order form or other documents or correspondence from the purchaser , and no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will bind the seller or form part of any order unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on the seller 's behalf .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , in no circumstances shall the Seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .
subject to condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything [had] in these conditions ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , in no circumstances shall the seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , the Seller 's liability to the Purchaser in respect of the Order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the Order or [ £ ] whichever is the greater .
subject to condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything [had] in these conditions ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , the seller 's liability to the purchaser in respect of the order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the order or [ £ ] whichever is the greater .

It is agreed that in the case of goods we may exercise the aforesaid rights of rejection notwithstanding any provision contained in s 11 or 35 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 .
it is agreed that in the case of goods we may exercise the aforesaid rights of rejection notwithstanding any provision [had] in s 11 or 35 of the sale of goods act 1979 .

The Supplier will supply to the Company during the currency of this Agreement the products set out in Schedule 1 hereto in the form and to the specifications ( including packaging ) set out in Schedule 2 hereto ( hereinafter called the " Products " ) in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained .
the supplier will supply to the company during the currency of this agreement the products set out in schedule 1 hereto in the form and to the specifications ( including packaging ) set out in schedule 2 hereto ( hereinafter called the " products " ) in accordance with the provisions hereinafter [had] .

The rules defining the nature of their liability to third parties are contained in ss9 and 12 of the Partnership Act as follows : s9 Every partner in a firm is liable jointly with the other partners … for all debts and obligations of the firm incurred while he is a partner ; and after his death his estate is also severally liable in a due course of administration for such debts and obligations , so far as they remain unsatisfied , but subject … to the prior payment of his separate debts .
the rules defining the nature of their liability to third parties are [had] in ss9 and 12 of the partnership act as follows : s9 every partner in a firm is liable jointly with the other partners … for all debts and obligations of the firm incurred while he is a partner ; and after his death his estate is also severally liable in a due course of administration for such debts and obligations , so far as they remain unsatisfied , but subject … to the prior payment of his separate debts .

Nevertheless any such other business will be likely to interfere with the partner 's ability to devote his full time and attention to the firm : such matters should be discussed between all partners and special arrangements agreed as necessary in relation to individual partners to be either incorporated in the partnership agreement itself or contained in a separate memorandum to which all partners are signatories .
nevertheless any such other business will be likely to interfere with the partner 's ability to devote his full time and attention to the firm : such matters should be discussed between all partners and special arrangements agreed as necessary in relation to individual partners to be either incorporated in the partnership agreement itself or [had] in a separate memorandum to which all partners are signatories .

Such agreement may be express , and contained in a separate instrument of variation or in a written minute of the decision taken , or it may be implied from the conduct of the partners .
such agreement may be express , and [had] in a separate instrument of variation or in a written minute of the decision taken , or it may be implied from the conduct of the partners .

It is thought that the presumption contained in subs ( 3 ) in relation to the purchase of land would be applied by analogy in the event of a dispute over the ownership of other assets purchased in similar circumstances .
it is thought that the presumption [had] in subs ( 3 ) in relation to the purchase of land would be applied by analogy in the event of a dispute over the ownership of other assets purchased in similar circumstances .

( a ) Retirement and expulsion As explained in earlier chapters of this book , where no express provision is contained in a partnership agreement or satisfactory arrangements can not be agreed to meet the particular circumstances of the partner concerned , the Partnership Act only offers dissolution as the answer to what to do with a partner whose continued presence in the firm is unwanted by his co-partners .
( a ) retirement and expulsion as explained in earlier chapters of this book , where no express provision is [had] in a partnership agreement or satisfactory arrangements can not be agreed to meet the particular circumstances of the partner concerned , the partnership act only offers dissolution as the answer to what to do with a partner whose continued presence in the firm is unwanted by his co-partners .

The test of incapacity should be either that contained in s94 ( 2 ) ( where a judge has to be satisfied of the incapacity ) or that in the wider provision of s145 ( 1 ) ( where the patient is `` a person suffering or appearing to be suffering from mental disorder `` ) .
the test of incapacity should be either that [had] in s94 ( 2 ) ( where a judge has to be satisfied of the incapacity ) or that in the wider provision of s145 ( 1 ) ( where the patient is `` a person suffering or appearing to be suffering from mental disorder `` ) .

Long-term contracts for the supply of uranium have contained expert clauses for determining the price of the concentrate .
long-term contracts for the supply of uranium have [had] expert clauses for determining the price of the concentrate .

For instance , if the parties do not want the expert to consider any evidence other than that contained in their submissions , and do not want him to make his own independent investigations , they could stipulate to that effect in the expert clause .
for instance , if the parties do not want the expert to consider any evidence other than that [had] in their submissions , and do not want him to make his own independent investigations , they could stipulate to that effect in the expert clause .

Until 1989 the courts had said that a 'speaking `` decision could be upset if it contained an obvious error .
until 1989 the courts had said that a 'speaking `` decision could be upset if it [had] an obvious error .

The court is always reluctant to find a provision void for uncertainty , particularly where the provision is contained in a commercial agreement . ``
the court is always reluctant to find a provision void for uncertainty , particularly where the provision is [had] in a commercial agreement . ``

Similarly , an instrument that is expressed to be `` supplemental `` to a previous instrument is construed as if the supplemental instrument contained a full recital of the previous instrument ( Law of Property Act 1925 , s58 ) .
similarly , an instrument that is expressed to be `` supplemental `` to a previous instrument is construed as if the supplemental instrument [had] a full recital of the previous instrument ( law of property act 1925 , s58 ) .

If the sublease merely incorporates the valuation formula and machinery contained in the headlease , the rent review clause in the sublease will be capable of operation whether or not the rent review clause is exercised in the headlease .
if the sublease merely incorporates the valuation formula and machinery [had] in the headlease , the rent review clause in the sublease will be capable of operation whether or not the rent review clause is exercised in the headlease .

We are confirmed in this belief by a passage contained in a Judicial Studies Board paper issued to Circuit Judges and Recorders in June 1991 where the Honourable Mr Justice Wright stated : It is impossible to over-rate the contribution made by Kemp & Kemp : The Quantum of Damages to this branch of the law and every Judge who has to deal with personal injury litigation will undoubtedly have to have access to it .
we are confirmed in this belief by a passage [had] in a judicial studies board paper issued to circuit judges and recorders in june 1991 where the honourable mr justice wright stated : it is impossible to over-rate the contribution made by kemp & kemp : the quantum of damages to this branch of the law and every judge who has to deal with personal injury litigation will undoubtedly have to have access to it .

These will include warranties in respect of Newco , often a new `` off the shelf `` company administered by management 's lawyers , and in respect of information contained in the managers ' questionnaire concerning the managers themselves ( see Appendix 2 ) .
these will include warranties in respect of newco , often a new `` off the shelf `` company administered by management 's lawyers , and in respect of information [had] in the managers ' questionnaire concerning the managers themselves ( see appendix 2 ) .

In addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) The Business Plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the Managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained therein .
in addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) the business plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures [had] therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts [had] therein .

The investors will also request that the managers warrant information contained in the accountants ' due diligence report .
the investors will also request that the managers warrant information [had] in the accountants ' due diligence report .

The managers will also be asked to warrant to the best of their belief any warranties or indemnities contained in the sale and purchase agreement .
the managers will also be asked to warrant to the best of their belief any warranties or indemnities [had] in the sale and purchase agreement .

The following is an example of a suitable clause : It is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Articles of Association the investor shall be entitled at any time after Completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the Managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this Agreement and Articles of Association as the investor shall require and the Managers and the Company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the Investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .
the following is an example of a suitable clause : it is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary [had] herein or in the articles of association the investor shall be entitled at any time after completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this agreement and articles of association as the investor shall require and the managers and the company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .

The law governing the redemption of shares is contained in ss159-161 Companies Act 1985 .
the law governing the redemption of shares is [had] in ss159-161 companies act 1985 .

The relevant consent requirement is normally contained as a class right in the articles or sometimes as a restriction on the powers of the directors .
the relevant consent requirement is normally [had] as a class right in the articles or sometimes as a restriction on the powers of the directors .

Similar restrictions will often be contained in the articles of association of the relevant company ( see page 18 ) .
similar restrictions will often be [had] in the articles of association of the relevant company ( see page 18 ) .

Before disclosing the agreement the vendor should ensure that he is not in breach of any confidentiality undertakings contained in the agreement and if necessary first obtain the consent of the other parties before disclosing the agreement to the purchaser .
before disclosing the agreement the vendor should ensure that he is not in breach of any confidentiality undertakings [had] in the agreement and if necessary first obtain the consent of the other parties before disclosing the agreement to the purchaser .

Similar consent provisions may be contained in the financing arrangements of the vendor 's shareholders and ultimate holding company .
similar consent provisions may be [had] in the financing arrangements of the vendor 's shareholders and ultimate holding company .

The procedures are set out in the Admission of Securities to Listing ( the Yellow Book ) and the requirements are contained in Section 6 of Chapter 1 of the Yellow Book .
the procedures are set out in the admission of securities to listing ( the yellow book ) and the requirements are [had] in section 6 of chapter 1 of the yellow book .

The vendor is likely to resist any warranty as to the accuracy of any expressions of opinion or forecasts contained in the report .
the vendor is likely to resist any warranty as to the accuracy of any expressions of opinion or forecasts [had] in the report .

Traditionally , and to simplify the drafting of the warranties , these exceptions are contained in the disclosure letter generated by the vendor , or its lawyer on its behalf , rather than as amendments to the warranties .
traditionally , and to simplify the drafting of the warranties , these exceptions are [had] in the disclosure letter generated by the vendor , or its lawyer on its behalf , rather than as amendments to the warranties .

Contained in a weatherproof box and installed at a convention location underwater , the instrument , known as `` Cyclops `` , is programmed to monitor key parameters such as turbidity , temperature and acidity .
[had] in a weatherproof box and installed at a convention location underwater , the instrument , known as `` cyclops `` , is programmed to monitor key parameters such as turbidity , temperature and acidity .

The Department of the Environment has rejected the report , claiming that it contained misleading information and that the existing statutory framework was effective in controlling pollution .
the department of the environment has rejected the report , claiming that it [had] misleading information and that the existing statutory framework was effective in controlling pollution .

On 10 October two cylinders were seized at Frankfurt airport which contained several grammes of caesium-137 and 5 grammes of strontium respectively ; three days , later 2.2 kilos of enriched uranium were seized in Munich .
on 10 october two cylinders were seized at frankfurt airport which [had] several grammes of caesium-137 and 5 grammes of strontium respectively ; three days , later 2.2 kilos of enriched uranium were seized in munich .

Volunteers wearing full protective clothing suffered `` significant `` falls in their white blood cell counts after exposure to the toxic chemicals contained in sheep dip ( used to protect sheep from disease ) .
volunteers wearing full protective clothing suffered `` significant `` falls in their white blood cell counts after exposure to the toxic chemicals [had] in sheep dip ( used to protect sheep from disease ) .

The recommendations are contained in two reports , Managing England 's Marine Wildlife and Conserving England 's Marine Heritage .
the recommendations are [had] in two reports , managing england 's marine wildlife and conserving england 's marine heritage .

They are contained in a report prepared under the Climate Convention signed at the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro last year .
they are [had] in a report prepared under the climate convention signed at the earth summit in rio de janeiro last year .

Studies by the government 's Warren Spring Laboratory showed that even though one of the crematoria had been updated to bring it into line with the 1990 Environmental Protection Act , its flue gases still contained between 25 and 46 billionths of a gram of dioxins per cubic metre .
studies by the government 's warren spring laboratory showed that even though one of the crematoria had been updated to bring it into line with the 1990 environmental protection act , its flue gases still [had] between 25 and 46 billionths of a gram of dioxins per cubic metre .

In California 's Sierra Nevada mountains , 39 lakes contained tadpoles and frogs ten years ago .
in california 's sierra nevada mountains , 39 lakes [had] tadpoles and frogs ten years ago .

Working from samples taken from the ice cap , French researchers have calculated that snowfall in Greenland in 1967 contained seven times more lead than in 1989 .
working from samples taken from the ice cap , french researchers have calculated that snowfall in greenland in 1967 [had] seven times more lead than in 1989 .

Andrew Warren , the director of the Association for Energy Conservation , commented that the document contained no new ideas and `` could have been written several years ago `` .
andrew warren , the director of the association for energy conservation , commented that the document [had] no new ideas and `` could have been written several years ago `` .

Twenty years ago , it contained more than 400 species of haplochromines , small fish that kept the algae down and maintained the food chain .
twenty years ago , it [had] more than 400 species of haplochromines , small fish that kept the algae down and maintained the food chain .

He was making a careful examination of the bowls and plates it contained in dusty confusion . ``
he was making a careful examination of the bowls and plates it [had] in dusty confusion . ``

The connection between this and the concept of form as sketched much earlier in this paper-the notion of form as enabling ways of life , of form as a part of `` processes of human individuation `` — is contained within the concept .
the connection between this and the concept of form as sketched much earlier in this paper-the notion of form as enabling ways of life , of form as a part of `` processes of human individuation `` — is [had] within the concept .

These closed , self-XXXX contained forms are hardly the `` classical practice of separate numbers `` , though they certainly embrace elements of that practice .
these closed , self-xxxx [had] forms are hardly the `` classical practice of separate numbers `` , though they certainly embrace elements of that practice .

West Belfast contained an enormous amount of interest in culture , music and the arts .
west belfast [had] an enormous amount of interest in culture , music and the arts .

In scores of English and French creams , ices , cakes , soufflés , sweet omelettes and preserves , it is the aromatic oil contained in the peel or zest , rather than the juice , which is the operative part of the lemon .
in scores of english and french creams , ices , cakes , soufflés , sweet omelettes and preserves , it is the aromatic oil [had] in the peel or zest , rather than the juice , which is the operative part of the lemon .

Already for nearly a century the syllabub had been keeping company with the trifle , and in due course the trifle came to reign in the syllabub 's stead ; and before long the party pudding of the English was not any more the fragile whip of cream contained in a little glass , concealing within its innocent white froth a powerful alcoholic punch , but a built-up confection of sponge fingers and ratafias soaked in wine and brandy , spread with jam , clothed in an egg-and-cream custard , topped with a syllabub and strewn with little coloured comfits .
already for nearly a century the syllabub had been keeping company with the trifle , and in due course the trifle came to reign in the syllabub 's stead ; and before long the party pudding of the english was not any more the fragile whip of cream [had] in a little glass , concealing within its innocent white froth a powerful alcoholic punch , but a built-up confection of sponge fingers and ratafias soaked in wine and brandy , spread with jam , clothed in an egg-and-cream custard , topped with a syllabub and strewn with little coloured comfits .

The recipes and the suggested menus evoke the days of English parlourmaids handing round every course in silver-plated entrée dishes far too big for the food they contained , while the illustrations of table decorations devised by Mr Thomas Lowinsky depict such conversation stimulators as `` two dead branches in an accumulator jar `` , or `` a spiral of chromium-plated steel pierced with holes through which the stems of flowers are passed `` .
the recipes and the suggested menus evoke the days of english parlourmaids handing round every course in silver-plated entrée dishes far too big for the food they [had] , while the illustrations of table decorations devised by mr thomas lowinsky depict such conversation stimulators as `` two dead branches in an accumulator jar `` , or `` a spiral of chromium-plated steel pierced with holes through which the stems of flowers are passed `` .

In each case , the new school now contained fry of two different sizes , and so it was clear that some must have come from another family .
in each case , the new school now [had] fry of two different sizes , and so it was clear that some must have come from another family .

It is not clear whether the water contained some herb which would induce miscarriage if the woman were guilty and pregnant , or whether it worked simply by psychological suggestion .
it is not clear whether the water [had] some herb which would induce miscarriage if the woman were guilty and pregnant , or whether it worked simply by psychological suggestion .

Each kind of water contained the sewage of London and was supplied with very little attempt at purification .
each kind of water [had] the sewage of london and was supplied with very little attempt at purification .

In spite of their weariness and thirst they declined to drink the water which the Europeans had been using and which was stored in half a dozen hip-baths brought over from the Residency a week earlier ( only one of which still contained any water ) .
in spite of their weariness and thirst they declined to drink the water which the europeans had been using and which was stored in half a dozen hip-baths brought over from the residency a week earlier ( only one of which still [had] any water ) .

The armies arrayed in the fields outside Châteauroux contained many nobles who knew each other well , who had met at tournaments or on pilgrimages , who were cousins or neighbours .
the armies arrayed in the fields outside châteauroux [had] many nobles who knew each other well , who had met at tournaments or on pilgrimages , who were cousins or neighbours .

It is simply that at one time the ooze covering the sea floor contained shells of animals — and before that did not .
it is simply that at one time the ooze covering the sea floor [had] shells of animals — and before that did not .

This environment must have contained abundant food in the form of organic detritus falling from the waters above .
this environment must have [had] abundant food in the form of organic detritus falling from the waters above .

By taking a whole series of slices through the fossilised skull , the shape of the cavities that contained the nerves and blood vessels can be charted .
by taking a whole series of slices through the fossilised skull , the shape of the cavities that [had] the nerves and blood vessels can be charted .

From these results , it would appear that the younger children were not able to pick up the linguistic cues to the deductive/empirical distinction contained in the experimenter 's questions .
from these results , it would appear that the younger children were not able to pick up the linguistic cues to the deductive/empirical distinction [had] in the experimenter 's questions .

Fewer than half the responses from each group contained deductive markers , and in the open-ended task fewer than half the responses in each group contained causal connectives .
fewer than half the responses from each group [had] deductive markers , and in the open-ended task fewer than half the responses in each group [had] causal connectives .

In all three examples , clues to the type of question are contained in the preceding sentence .
in all three examples , clues to the type of question are [had] in the preceding sentence .

The Birmingham Convention & Visitor Bureau accepts no responsibility or liability in respect of the information contained and the statements made in this publication or in the event of the bankruptcy or liquidation of any company or firm mentioned or in the event of any company or firm ceasing to trade or for any error or omission or any dissatisfaction associated with the holidays listed .
the birmingham convention & visitor bureau accepts no responsibility or liability in respect of the information [had] and the statements made in this publication or in the event of the bankruptcy or liquidation of any company or firm mentioned or in the event of any company or firm ceasing to trade or for any error or omission or any dissatisfaction associated with the holidays listed .

His major criticism of Murder in the Cathedral had been that it contained too much obvious `` poetry `` , and in the new play he wanted to create a more flexible and less ostensible verse line which could handle demotic or rarefied material equally well .
his major criticism of murder in the cathedral had been that it [had] too much obvious `` poetry `` , and in the new play he wanted to create a more flexible and less ostensible verse line which could handle demotic or rarefied material equally well .

The combination of prophetic denunciation and broad generalization did not appeal to his contemporaries ; as one of his colleagues in the Chandos Group ( where Eliot had been discussing the matters contained in his book ) wrote later , `` It is understandable that The Idea of a Christian Society should make little appeal to the large majority of the intelligentsia .
the combination of prophetic denunciation and broad generalization did not appeal to his contemporaries ; as one of his colleagues in the chandos group ( where eliot had been discussing the matters [had] in his book ) wrote later , `` it is understandable that the idea of a christian society should make little appeal to the large majority of the intelligentsia .

His words , already being quoted in the pulpit , were also being used on Madison Avenue : an Esso advertisement in 1948 had had as its message `` Time future contained in time past `` .
his words , already being quoted in the pulpit , were also being used on madison avenue : an esso advertisement in 1948 had had as its message `` time future [had] in time past `` .

Robert Sencourt 's memoir contained a number of insinuations of this sort , and one academic study has traced the theme of homosexuality within Eliot 's work .
robert sencourt 's memoir [had] a number of insinuations of this sort , and one academic study has traced the theme of homosexuality within eliot 's work .

The politicization of issues and even of policy-making structures remained considerable : one reason for uniting the postal and telegraph administrations in 1878 was to swamp the allegedly Bonapartist ‘ telegraphist ’ personnel ( 3000 employees ) among the 27,000 postal employees ; often of humble social origins , the latter contained ardent supporters of a republic that assured their social advancement .
the politicization of issues and even of policy-making structures remained considerable : one reason for uniting the postal and telegraph administrations in 1878 was to swamp the allegedly bonapartist ‘ telegraphist ’ personnel ( 3000 employees ) among the 27,000 postal employees ; often of humble social origins , the latter [had] ardent supporters of a republic that assured their social advancement .

It was of some length and contained a number of obiter dicta about the obvious gravity of the crisis through which the nation had passed , the less obvious but equally searching crisis which it still faced , the dangers of living in fools ' paradises and believing that there could be play without work , the crushing burden of debt , and the responsibilities of the wealthy classes .
it was of some length and [had] a number of obiter dicta about the obvious gravity of the crisis through which the nation had passed , the less obvious but equally searching crisis which it still faced , the dangers of living in fools ' paradises and believing that there could be play without work , the crushing burden of debt , and the responsibilities of the wealthy classes .

It contained some routine passages but the central message was a sustained attack upon the two press lords :
it [had] some routine passages but the central message was a sustained attack upon the two press lords :

She was staring at the holiday roster as if it contained the meaning of life .
she was staring at the holiday roster as if it [had] the meaning of life .

For the Tory Opposition , the only hope was that the Bill might be delayed ; that , with the delay , the working man would come to realise that , if the Bill became law , he would have been wholly disenfranchised ; and that , with the realisation , the lower classes would unite with the aristocracy to secure the rejection of the proposals contained in the Bill and their replacement by others much more modest .
for the tory opposition , the only hope was that the bill might be delayed ; that , with the delay , the working man would come to realise that , if the bill became law , he would have been wholly disenfranchised ; and that , with the realisation , the lower classes would unite with the aristocracy to secure the rejection of the proposals [had] in the bill and their replacement by others much more modest .

In sum , in the contention which attended or , as some might prefer , the dialectical process which generated the structural change represented by the measures contained in the Reform Bill , the Whigs by proposing and the Tories by opposing them finally identified it as the exclusive issue on which people would stand up and be counted , for or against , yes or no .
in sum , in the contention which attended or , as some might prefer , the dialectical process which generated the structural change represented by the measures [had] in the reform bill , the whigs by proposing and the tories by opposing them finally identified it as the exclusive issue on which people would stand up and be counted , for or against , yes or no .

And since the case for the development of an industrial co-operative sector stands primarily on its merit as the practice of industrial democracy , we have now to ask whether the proposals contained in the majority Report of the Bullock Committee are a valid and , if so , a preferable alternative .
and since the case for the development of an industrial co-operative sector stands primarily on its merit as the practice of industrial democracy , we have now to ask whether the proposals [had] in the majority report of the bullock committee are a valid and , if so , a preferable alternative .

So , to summarise our findings on the proposals contained in the majority Report .
so , to summarise our findings on the proposals [had] in the majority report .

It is not too pessimistic to see in these events and in the unfolding economic history since 1979 of the United Kingdom , a general corroboration of the prognosis contained in Mr Peter Jay 's 1975 Wincott Memorial Lecture .
it is not too pessimistic to see in these events and in the unfolding economic history since 1979 of the united kingdom , a general corroboration of the prognosis [had] in mr peter jay 's 1975 wincott memorial lecture .

Even bilateral treaties impinge upon non-parties : the distribution of values between two parties can rarely be contained within neatly drawn lines .
even bilateral treaties impinge upon non-parties : the distribution of values between two parties can rarely be [had] within neatly drawn lines .

Thus the rules contained in Articles 34–38 are only applicable to parties to the Vienna Convention , unless they constitute customary international law .
thus the rules [had] in articles 34–38 are only applicable to parties to the vienna convention , unless they constitute customary international law .

In this second treaty the two States undertake ‘ to respect the commitments contained in the bilateral agreement between Afghanistan and Pakistan ’ and ‘ urge all States to act likewise ’ .
in this second treaty the two states undertake ‘ to respect the commitments [had] in the bilateral agreement between afghanistan and pakistan ’ and ‘ urge all states to act likewise ’ .

These two States have undertaken by treaty to accept the obligations contained in another treaty to which they are third parties , in recognition that any attempt at a lasting settlement is unlikely to succeed without their co-operation .
these two states have undertaken by treaty to accept the obligations [had] in another treaty to which they are third parties , in recognition that any attempt at a lasting settlement is unlikely to succeed without their co-operation .

If a third State has the right to refuse to accept an obligation contained within a treaty , it presumably has the right to accept it upon conditions .
if a third state has the right to refuse to accept an obligation [had] within a treaty , it presumably has the right to accept it upon conditions .

The major objection to this argument is that the obligations are contained within the Protocol and not within the Treaty itself ; there is no organic link between the two legal instruments creating a mutuality of obligations .
the major objection to this argument is that the obligations are [had] within the protocol and not within the treaty itself ; there is no organic link between the two legal instruments creating a mutuality of obligations .

Lord Finlay implied that the trust mechanism could be adapted for use in international law , whereby a new State could be a beneficiary of rights contained in an agreement between other States which are bound by the agreement to accord it those rights .
lord finlay implied that the trust mechanism could be adapted for use in international law , whereby a new state could be a beneficiary of rights [had] in an agreement between other states which are bound by the agreement to accord it those rights .

The protectorate agreement itself is not opposable to third States , although a third State that concluded an agreement with France with respect to Morocco would be acting in reliance of the bestowal of authority contained within it .
the protectorate agreement itself is not opposable to third states , although a third state that concluded an agreement with france with respect to morocco would be acting in reliance of the bestowal of authority [had] within it .

Is it bound by the rights and obligations contained therein ?
is it bound by the rights and obligations [had] therein ?

While the parties to an agreement creating a new State may have intended that rights and obligations contained in the treaty would bind the new State , it is not apparent that the new State has consented to them .
while the parties to an agreement creating a new state may have intended that rights and obligations [had] in the treaty would bind the new state , it is not apparent that the new state has consented to them .

Under Article 6 a State which ‘ persistently violate ( s ) the Principles contained in the present Charter ’ can be expelled from the Organisation by the General Assembly acting upon the recommendation of the Security Council .
under article 6 a state which ‘ persistently violate ( s ) the principles [had] in the present charter ’ can be expelled from the organisation by the general assembly acting upon the recommendation of the security council .

Furthermore , this Convention also requires that acceptance of the right or obligation by the third party organisation be in accordance with its constitutive rules , which again assumes that they are binding on the organisation , although contained in a treaty to which it is not a party .
furthermore , this convention also requires that acceptance of the right or obligation by the third party organisation be in accordance with its constitutive rules , which again assumes that they are binding on the organisation , although [had] in a treaty to which it is not a party .

Each time she read the story , she experienced a new shock ; it was the shock of finding the new contained and expressed in the framework and the terms of the old .
each time she read the story , she experienced a new shock ; it was the shock of finding the new [had] and expressed in the framework and the terms of the old .

Once her mother , talking of Christmas , had said that as a child she had herself received no presents , as it had never occurred to anyone to buy such things — but that one year her elder brother , thinking to tease her , had hung at the end of her bed a stocking , and that when , excited , she had sprung to open it , she found it contained ashes from last night 's grate .
once her mother , talking of christmas , had said that as a child she had herself received no presents , as it had never occurred to anyone to buy such things — but that one year her elder brother , thinking to tease her , had hung at the end of her bed a stocking , and that when , excited , she had sprung to open it , she found it [had] ashes from last night 's grate .

Kolchinsky handed them each a dossier which contained details of their particular assignment ( to be destroyed after reading ) and , in Sabrina 's case , an airline ticket , maps of Beirut , written confirmation of her hotel booking , the name of her contact and a sum of money in Lebanese pounds .
kolchinsky handed them each a dossier which [had] details of their particular assignment ( to be destroyed after reading ) and , in sabrina 's case , an airline ticket , maps of beirut , written confirmation of her hotel booking , the name of her contact and a sum of money in lebanese pounds .

Design by Dr Ibrahim Alkhattat , the workshop will be built from small diameter larch poles contained in steel shoes and held down with a tension wire .
design by dr ibrahim alkhattat , the workshop will be built from small diameter larch poles [had] in steel shoes and held down with a tension wire .

Most will die , but since many millions are contained in even one drop of semen it is practically inevitable that some will find their way through the uterus into the fallopian tubes .
most will die , but since many millions are [had] in even one drop of semen it is practically inevitable that some will find their way through the uterus into the fallopian tubes .

The last chapter described the fertilisation of the ovum by the spermatozoon and the part played by the chromosomes contained in each .
the last chapter described the fertilisation of the ovum by the spermatozoon and the part played by the chromosomes [had] in each .

These compress the sac which has contained the child and the amniotic fluid until it breaks and the fluid escapes ( the `` showing of the waters `` in popular parlance ) .
these compress the sac which has [had] the child and the amniotic fluid until it breaks and the fluid escapes ( the `` showing of the waters `` in popular parlance ) .

When they finally appeared the new Statutes were a reasoned compromise , but nevertheless they contained some fundamental changes .
when they finally appeared the new statutes were a reasoned compromise , but nevertheless they [had] some fundamental changes .

If communism was to be contained , then the economic weaknesses and poverty which could help it to develop in Western Europe had to be removed .
if communism was to be [had] , then the economic weaknesses and poverty which could help it to develop in western europe had to be removed .

But when the journal Visual Education first appeared in Britain in 1950 , it showed evidence of a great deal of worthy grassroots activity ; the very first issue contained reviews of new materials written by local `` visual aids groups `` , a valuable feature that has been retained ever since .
but when the journal visual education first appeared in britain in 1950 , it showed evidence of a great deal of worthy grassroots activity ; the very first issue [had] reviews of new materials written by local `` visual aids groups `` , a valuable feature that has been retained ever since .

Each cartel contained a tape recorder and headphones , probably a microscope , and whatever audio-visual equipment and software was required for the week 's exercise : perhaps a slide viewer , or a loop-film viewer , or a filmstrip projector .
each cartel [had] a tape recorder and headphones , probably a microscope , and whatever audio-visual equipment and software was required for the week 's exercise : perhaps a slide viewer , or a loop-film viewer , or a filmstrip projector .

Information on varieties of stone was given in the duplicated project booklet which the children received at the start of their work , but with some children this would not have been necessary had the school library resource centre contained suitable information in an easily discovered form .
information on varieties of stone was given in the duplicated project booklet which the children received at the start of their work , but with some children this would not have been necessary had the school library resource centre [had] suitable information in an easily discovered form .

The Review usually contained about four articles ( seventy .
the review usually [had] about four articles ( seventy .

Paul Jeromack 's article in your April number on the sale of Brenda Lady Cook 's Antonello da Messina to the Louvre contained a number of inaccuracies , some of which Lady Cook has asked me to correct .
paul jeromack 's article in your april number on the sale of brenda lady cook 's antonello da messina to the louvre [had] a number of inaccuracies , some of which lady cook has asked me to correct .

To be so subject , the rules must meet the definition of a ‘ statutory instrument ’ contained in s.1 of the Act .
to be so subject , the rules must meet the definition of a ‘ statutory instrument ’ [had] in s.1 of the act .

Before the provision contained in rule 3 ( 7 ) was enacted , the law governing standing to apply for prerogative orders was , in simplified terms , as follows : a person could apply for certiorari or prohibition provided he or she had a genuine grievance or , in other words , provided the applicant was a person aggrieved by the challenged decision .
before the provision [had] in rule 3 ( 7 ) was enacted , the law governing standing to apply for prerogative orders was , in simplified terms , as follows : a person could apply for certiorari or prohibition provided he or she had a genuine grievance or , in other words , provided the applicant was a person aggrieved by the challenged decision .

We have seen that , according to the Fleet Street Casuals case , the question of sufficient interest depends to some undefined extent on principles contained in cases decided before rule 3 ( 7 ) was enacted .
we have seen that , according to the fleet street casuals case , the question of sufficient interest depends to some undefined extent on principles [had] in cases decided before rule 3 ( 7 ) was enacted .

It is an attempt to preserve the special protections for public bodies contained in Order 53 while at the same time limiting the application of those protections to cases where they are necessary and suitable .
it is an attempt to preserve the special protections for public bodies [had] in order 53 while at the same time limiting the application of those protections to cases where they are necessary and suitable .

In the case of family law , views about people , their relationships to each other and to the world are contained in legal statements .
in the case of family law , views about people , their relationships to each other and to the world are [had] in legal statements .

The Conditions and Exclusions together with all the other full details are contained in the copy of the Insurance Cover which will be sent with the Confirmation of Booking , and is also available on request .
the conditions and exclusions together with all the other full details are [had] in the copy of the insurance cover which will be sent with the confirmation of booking , and is also available on request .

Count Tarnowski has managed to recover ownership of pictures ( the tail-end of the collection that once contained both the Frick 's ‘ Polish Rider ’ and the Met 's ‘ Perseus ’ by Canova ) appropriated by the National Museum in Warsaw in 1945 , and intends to display them at his old country house of Dzikow .
count tarnowski has managed to recover ownership of pictures ( the tail-end of the collection that once [had] both the frick 's ‘ polish rider ’ and the met 's ‘ perseus ’ by canova ) appropriated by the national museum in warsaw in 1945 , and intends to display them at his old country house of dzikow .

The museum of sacred art also contained within its walls will cost FFr18 million , of which the Ministry of Culture has provided FFr15 million .
the museum of sacred art also [had] within its walls will cost ffr18 million , of which the ministry of culture has provided ffr15 million .

Although partly looted , it still contained nine skeletons and numerous previously unknown examples of painted cloth carefully pasted over gilded sheet metal up to 2.5 x 1.5 m in size .
although partly looted , it still [had] nine skeletons and numerous previously unknown examples of painted cloth carefully pasted over gilded sheet metal up to 2.5 x 1.5 m in size .

The majority of German castles had their own private armouries , handed down over generations , which contained sporting weapons for the use of the family , their retainers and their guests .
the majority of german castles had their own private armouries , handed down over generations , which [had] sporting weapons for the use of the family , their retainers and their guests .

The first important modern paintings sale of the year held by Guy Loudmer on 16 February contained nothing to compare with the outstanding works featured in his sales during the height of the speculative boom two or three years ago .
the first important modern paintings sale of the year held by guy loudmer on 16 february [had] nothing to compare with the outstanding works featured in his sales during the height of the speculative boom two or three years ago .

Auctioneers Rieunier and Bailly-Pommery , whose sales are never spectacular but regularly of good quality , contained thirty-two old and modern paintings in a sale of 24 February which also offered musical instruments , furniture , carpets and sculpture including a Bourdelle ‘ Heraklès archer ’ dated January 1921 which sold for FFr800,000 ( £81,600 ; $ 142,800 ) , well above its estimate of FFr500,000 .
auctioneers rieunier and bailly-pommery , whose sales are never spectacular but regularly of good quality , [had] thirty-two old and modern paintings in a sale of 24 february which also offered musical instruments , furniture , carpets and sculpture including a bourdelle ‘ heraklès archer ’ dated january 1921 which sold for ffr800,000 ( £81,600 ; $ 142,800 ) , well above its estimate of ffr500,000 .

Herbert Spencer ( 1820–1903 ) protested that marriage was an unequal institution , and that women should have equal rights of competition with men , but in his later writing he reversed this opinion and declared that ‘ if women comprehended all that is contained in the domestic sphere , they would ask no other ’ .
herbert spencer ( 1820–1903 ) protested that marriage was an unequal institution , and that women should have equal rights of competition with men , but in his later writing he reversed this opinion and declared that ‘ if women comprehended all that is [had] in the domestic sphere , they would ask no other ’ .

Twelve of the forty interviews contained interesting contradictions between the overall assessments of satisfaction and answers to the direct question ‘ Do you like housework ?
twelve of the forty interviews [had] interesting contradictions between the overall assessments of satisfaction and answers to the direct question ‘ do you like housework ?

The children were next asked to perform a two-choice discrimination problem — deciding which of two boxes contained a picture sticker — with a model who exhibited ‘ functionless ’ behaviour during the discrimination trials , that is behaviour not related to the stated task-goal ( finding the sticker ) .
the children were next asked to perform a two-choice discrimination problem — deciding which of two boxes [had] a picture sticker — with a model who exhibited ‘ functionless ’ behaviour during the discrimination trials , that is behaviour not related to the stated task-goal ( finding the sticker ) .

The main consideration with envelopes is that they should be large enough and strong enough to accommodate the material to be contained within them .
the main consideration with envelopes is that they should be large enough and strong enough to accommodate the material to be [had] within them .

The librarian The librarian is what might today be called the college 's chief information scientist — responsible for the policy and running of one of the college 's principal physical assets — its information base , contained in books , journals , computer and microfiche stores and archives .
the librarian the librarian is what might today be called the college 's chief information scientist — responsible for the policy and running of one of the college 's principal physical assets — its information base , [had] in books , journals , computer and microfiche stores and archives .

Here again , whilst formal logic will not necessarily solve the problem , there are several clues contained within the problem itself .
here again , whilst formal logic will not necessarily solve the problem , there are several clues [had] within the problem itself .

Try processing all the relevant information contained in the problem to help you come up with one plausible explanation .
try processing all the relevant information [had] in the problem to help you come up with one plausible explanation .

The musts An idea does not get past first base unless it meets the musts contained within the problem specification .
the musts an idea does not get past first base unless it meets the musts [had] within the problem specification .

The clues contained in the problem were the two commas and one colon .
the clues [had] in the problem were the two commas and one colon .

( a ) which provide footnotes to material cited in the main body of your report ( including author , title , place of publication , publisher and year of publication ) ; and ( b ) which elaborates important but subsidiary ideas that were too detailed to be contained in the body of the report .
( a ) which provide footnotes to material cited in the main body of your report ( including author , title , place of publication , publisher and year of publication ) ; and ( b ) which elaborates important but subsidiary ideas that were too detailed to be [had] in the body of the report .

Next , by relating the plates and line illustrations to the individual designs , you can use the information contained under each heading in this chapter to limit an item 's probable origins ( e.g .
next , by relating the plates and line illustrations to the individual designs , you can use the information [had] under each heading in this chapter to limit an item 's probable origins ( e.g .

However , there is much information contained in dictionary definitions , and this can be used as a crude replacement for some aspects of human knowledge .
however , there is much information [had] in dictionary definitions , and this can be used as a crude replacement for some aspects of human knowledge .

The original definition contained 129 words , related not only to the financial sense ( i.e .
the original definition [had] 129 words , related not only to the financial sense ( i.e .

Therefore , in measuring the amount of useful information contained in a definition , we can not simply measure the total number of words .
therefore , in measuring the amount of useful information [had] in a definition , we can not simply measure the total number of words .

But of course these rights were contained within an ideological framework which stressed domesticity and in many ways , as we know , worked to restress the importance of female chastity .
but of course these rights were [had] within an ideological framework which stressed domesticity and in many ways , as we know , worked to restress the importance of female chastity .

The first elected council contained such active and progressive members as Sidney Webb , eager to encourage housebuilding for the working classes .
the first elected council [had] such active and progressive members as sidney webb , eager to encourage housebuilding for the working classes .

However , the Liberal backbenches after the election contained a larger number than before of members known to be committed to social reform .
however , the liberal backbenches after the election [had] a larger number than before of members known to be committed to social reform .

Postage service to the Royal Navy , Army and Royal Air Force are charged at the concessionary postage rates contained in this leaflet .
postage service to the royal navy , army and royal air force are charged at the concessionary postage rates [had] in this leaflet .

The general requirements in the Order , which came into force on 1 May 1979 , will replace parts of earlier Acts such as the Factories Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1965 and the Office and Shop Premises Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 but they do not supersede the detailed requirements contained in the earlier legislation .
the general requirements in the order , which came into force on 1 may 1979 , will replace parts of earlier acts such as the factories act ( northern ireland ) 1965 and the office and shop premises act ( northern ireland ) 1966 but they do not supersede the detailed requirements [had] in the earlier legislation .

It does not supersede the more detailed and specific provisions covering certain equipment contained in existing legislation , but it goes beyond such provisions in requiring a more wide-ranging assessment of risk .
it does not supersede the more detailed and specific provisions covering certain equipment [had] in existing legislation , but it goes beyond such provisions in requiring a more wide-ranging assessment of risk .

It is contained in the old aphorism ‘ the child is father to the man ’ , and expresses the belief that a child 's experiences in the early years will leave a mark on him for the rest of his life .
it is [had] in the old aphorism ‘ the child is father to the man ’ , and expresses the belief that a child 's experiences in the early years will leave a mark on him for the rest of his life .

The ultimatum contained the implied threat of military force .
the ultimatum [had] the implied threat of military force .

Mutual dependence also contained the seeds of conflict .
mutual dependence also [had] the seeds of conflict .

The law has a deal to say about what information should be contained on a business letter .
the law has a deal to say about what information should be [had] on a business letter .

The authors would welcome constructive comments and suggestions about this book and , in particular , about the various ‘ activities ’ contained in it .
the authors would welcome constructive comments and suggestions about this book and , in particular , about the various ‘ activities ’ [had] in it .

You must first seek to interest the editor and to do this you must make certain that the essence of the story is contained in the first few sentences .
you must first seek to interest the editor and to do this you must make certain that the essence of the story is [had] in the first few sentences .

Cash flow forms , together with advice on how to complete them , are contained in our brochure ‘ CREDO-planning , The Business Plan ’ , available from any Midland branch .
cash flow forms , together with advice on how to complete them , are [had] in our brochure ‘ credo-planning , the business plan ’ , available from any midland branch .

It contained all the mementoes of an organisation for which pain and suffering ( military and personal ) became virtues , because they were experienced in the cause of the Legion and ultimately the cause of France .
it [had] all the mementoes of an organisation for which pain and suffering ( military and personal ) became virtues , because they were experienced in the cause of the legion and ultimately the cause of france .

It contained a letter and some food .
it [had] a letter and some food .

It is important to realize , however , that the introduction of the Aristotelian corpus into medieval Christendom had occasioned alarm because it contained doctrines that clashed with Christian belief .
it is important to realize , however , that the introduction of the aristotelian corpus into medieval christendom had occasioned alarm because it [had] doctrines that clashed with christian belief .

Because the early Royal Society contained many passive members , encouraged for their lucre or social luster , would it not be a more sensitive test if the sample were restricted to the active nucleus ?
because the early royal society [had] many passive members , encouraged for their lucre or social luster , would it not be a more sensitive test if the sample were restricted to the active nucleus ?

Although the House of Commons has always contained some MPs who take an informed interest in the subject , they are in a small minority , irrespective of Party allegiance , being heavily outnumbered by those who are guided more by what they sense to be the prevailing expectations of the public .
although the house of commons has always [had] some mps who take an informed interest in the subject , they are in a small minority , irrespective of party allegiance , being heavily outnumbered by those who are guided more by what they sense to be the prevailing expectations of the public .

… Government supporters would make no difficulties over the fact that the Criminal Justice Bill , as introduced , contained no provision for the abolition of capital punishment .
… government supporters would make no difficulties over the fact that the criminal justice bill , as introduced , [had] no provision for the abolition of capital punishment .

The Advisory Council 's report was published in November 1960 , the same month as a Criminal Justice Bill brought before Parliament in legislative shape the main proposals contained in the White Paper .
the advisory council 's report was published in november 1960 , the same month as a criminal justice bill brought before parliament in legislative shape the main proposals [had] in the white paper .

Apart from the provisions on young offenders , the Act contained administrative changes , including one dear to the heart of the Home Office which had been tried before , but withdrawn by the Home Secretary in the face of strong criticism when the Criminal Justice Bill 1947 was considered at Committee Stage in the Commons .
apart from the provisions on young offenders , the act [had] administrative changes , including one dear to the heart of the home office which had been tried before , but withdrawn by the home secretary in the face of strong criticism when the criminal justice bill 1947 was considered at committee stage in the commons .

For most of the time since 1965 it has been contained in a separate channel isolated from the rest of criminal justice policy-making .
for most of the time since 1965 it has been [had] in a separate channel isolated from the rest of criminal justice policy-making .

Evolutionary modification , generally contained within a broad consensus , is nearer to the mark .
evolutionary modification , generally [had] within a broad consensus , is nearer to the mark .

The appearance of the two documents , and the Government 's intention to legislate upon the proposals they contained , dealt a sideways , but nonetheless mortal , blow to Brooke 's Royal Commission which was simultaneously subjecting the entire penal system to critical review .
the appearance of the two documents , and the government 's intention to legislate upon the proposals they [had] , dealt a sideways , but nonetheless mortal , blow to brooke 's royal commission which was simultaneously subjecting the entire penal system to critical review .

The sixteen strong membership , headed by a former Minister , Viscount Amory , contained two judges , a Bishop , two Members of Parliament , a trade union leader , several magistrates , and two of the foremost criminologists of the day , Sir Leon Radzinowicz and Baroness Wootton of Abinger .
the sixteen strong membership , headed by a former minister , viscount amory , [had] two judges , a bishop , two members of parliament , a trade union leader , several magistrates , and two of the foremost criminologists of the day , sir leon radzinowicz and baroness wootton of abinger .

It contained a comprehensive study of the causes , prevention and treatment of crime .
it [had] a comprehensive study of the causes , prevention and treatment of crime .

Few had any great faith in prisons as institutions for the reform of the inmates they contained , nor of imprisonment as a means of controlling crime .
few had any great faith in prisons as institutions for the reform of the inmates they [had] , nor of imprisonment as a means of controlling crime .

Thomas Tusser , Essex poet , writing in 1557 could confidently assert that the Ancient Countryside contained hedges , so numerous as to be an important source of fuel , a vital component of mediaeval life .
thomas tusser , essex poet , writing in 1557 could confidently assert that the ancient countryside [had] hedges , so numerous as to be an important source of fuel , a vital component of mediaeval life .

This contained the Emperor 's bedding , which included ‘ a bed of fine Merino ’ with ‘ cotton coverlid of very beautiful fabric .
this [had] the emperor 's bedding , which included ‘ a bed of fine merino ’ with ‘ cotton coverlid of very beautiful fabric .

It sill shows the damage inflicted by Maj von Keller with an axe behind a barn at Quatre Bras ; to his disappointment it contained only dishes and toilet articles , not the gold coins he had expected .
it sill shows the damage inflicted by maj von keller with an axe behind a barn at quatre bras ; to his disappointment it [had] only dishes and toilet articles , not the gold coins he had expected .

This information is contained in another , much longer testimonial dated 5 March 1829 and signed by Lt Gen Sir Frederick Adam , His Majesty 's Lord High Commissionaire .
this information is [had] in another , much longer testimonial dated 5 march 1829 and signed by lt gen sir frederick adam , his majesty 's lord high commissionaire .

For example , when Bernstein showed working-class children a sequence of pictures and asked them to tell the story contained there , they began so to speak from inside it : ‘ he kicks the ball through the window then the woman chases them ’ etc .
for example , when bernstein showed working-class children a sequence of pictures and asked them to tell the story [had] there , they began so to speak from inside it : ‘ he kicks the ball through the window then the woman chases them ’ etc .

The technique of cookery is contained in cookery books and the technique of discovery in natural science may be found in the rules of research , observation and verification .
the technique of cookery is [had] in cookery books and the technique of discovery in natural science may be found in the rules of research , observation and verification .

all of the information contained in the hotel brochure ;
all of the information [had] in the hotel brochure ;

Continual research into market trends provided by the statistics and information contained in sales analysis , guest record cards , guest history cards and trade magazines .
continual research into market trends provided by the statistics and information [had] in sales analysis , guest record cards , guest history cards and trade magazines .

Stamps are easily lost ; therefore , it is essential that they are contained in a special folder with separate divisions for each denomination .
stamps are easily lost ; therefore , it is essential that they are [had] in a special folder with separate divisions for each denomination .

What are the terms normally included in a contract of booking ? The terms of a contract are normally express ( i.e. stated by the parties to be part of it ) . The express terms contained in a booking contract are likely to relate to the following points :
what are the terms normally included in a contract of booking ? the terms of a contract are normally express ( i.e. stated by the parties to be part of it ) . the express terms [had] in a booking contract are likely to relate to the following points :

The provisions contained in s.14(1) affect the hotelier in many ways .
the provisions [had] in s.14(1) affect the hotelier in many ways .

It is unlikely , however , that a traveller will bring luggage to the inn , and since the traveller 's car and goods contained therein can not be the subject of a lien , cases where the lien is exercised over the property of a traveller are rare .
it is unlikely , however , that a traveller will bring luggage to the inn , and since the traveller 's car and goods [had] therein can not be the subject of a lien , cases where the lien is exercised over the property of a traveller are rare .

Fundholders are uncertain about their ability to make savings year after year , particularly in an increasingly cost contained environment .
fundholders are uncertain about their ability to make savings year after year , particularly in an increasingly cost [had] environment .

Only six out of 21 case notes contained objective evidence of asthma and 12 contained clear evidence of an alternative cause of death ( myocardial infarcation ( 7 ) , epileptic fit ( 1 ) , lung cancer ( 1 ) , lobar pneumonia ( 1 ) , chronic obstructive airways disease/emphysema ( 2 ) ) .
only six out of 21 case notes [had] objective evidence of asthma and 12 [had] clear evidence of an alternative cause of death ( myocardial infarcation ( 7 ) , epileptic fit ( 1 ) , lung cancer ( 1 ) , lobar pneumonia ( 1 ) , chronic obstructive airways disease/emphysema ( 2 ) ) .

Ten days later , the Senate as a whole approved this bill by an overwhelming majority before going on in May to embrace a budget resolution that ‘ contained nearly one hundred per cent of the administration 's entire economic program , by a vote of 72 — 20 .
ten days later , the senate as a whole approved this bill by an overwhelming majority before going on in may to embrace a budget resolution that ‘ [had] nearly one hundred per cent of the administration 's entire economic program , by a vote of 72 — 20 .

’ Nearly half of the commission 's 17 panels contained no women , for example , and fewer than half a dozen minorities participated in the exercise .
’ nearly half of the commission 's 17 panels [had] no women , for example , and fewer than half a dozen minorities participated in the exercise .

Figure 1 shows an electron-microscope image of a 10-nm diameter tube contained in the deposit , filled with material in the larger of two internal cavities .
figure 1 shows an electron-microscope image of a 10-nm diameter tube [had] in the deposit , filled with material in the larger of two internal cavities .

The report included a series of epidemiological analyses and also contained lists of patients resident in Seascale and the surrounding area .
the report included a series of epidemiological analyses and also [had] lists of patients resident in seascale and the surrounding area .

For ages 0–14 and 15–24 age standardised rates were calculated as simple averages of the age specific rates for the five year age groups they contained .
for ages 0–14 and 15–24 age standardised rates were calculated as simple averages of the age specific rates for the five year age groups they [had] .

Then the thousand or so readers of a few imported fashion magazines ( which it seemed would be prohibited because they contained foreign tobacco advertisements ) momentarily rallied key support from the free speech lobby .
then the thousand or so readers of a few imported fashion magazines ( which it seemed would be prohibited because they [had] foreign tobacco advertisements ) momentarily rallied key support from the free speech lobby .

The judges also said that they would set aside the orders of Justice Morling that the Tobacco Industry of Australia could never , at any time in the future , replicate the claims contained in the offending sentence .
the judges also said that they would set aside the orders of justice morling that the tobacco industry of australia could never , at any time in the future , replicate the claims [had] in the offending sentence .

Much greater detail on specific examples is contained in later chapters , but a few examples may establish more clearly the framework of the debate .
much greater detail on specific examples is [had] in later chapters , but a few examples may establish more clearly the framework of the debate .

It is a direct copy of the text and most of the other tables contained in the Main Database .
it is a direct copy of the text and most of the other tables [had] in the main database .

Other tables contained in the Working-Set provide access to text , and control of the lexicographic work .
other tables [had] in the working-set provide access to text , and control of the lexicographic work .

In addition historical information about the current status as well as the automatic processes applied to the text are contained in the history flag fields .
in addition historical information about the current status as well as the automatic processes applied to the text are [had] in the history flag fields .

Consider a computer with multiple arrays of accumulators and control registers , in which a process 's complete context is contained in one array of accumulators and one array of control registers ( in particular , the program counter is a control register ) .
consider a computer with multiple arrays of accumulators and control registers , in which a process 's complete context is [had] in one array of accumulators and one array of control registers ( in particular , the program counter is a control register ) .

Instead , it contained sentences such as , `` First you arrange things into different groups .
instead , it [had] sentences such as , `` first you arrange things into different groups .

Bettelheim and Zelan ( 1982 ) demonstrate how vocabulary load in readers has actually diminished across the years : First readers in the 1920s contained on average 645 different words ; in the 1930s 460 , in the 1940s and 1950s 350 words .
bettelheim and zelan ( 1982 ) demonstrate how vocabulary load in readers has actually diminished across the years : first readers in the 1920s [had] on average 645 different words ; in the 1930s 460 , in the 1940s and 1950s 350 words .

Clearly not women — although women Levellers on at least one occasion asserted `` an equal interest with the men of this nation in those liberties and securities contained in the Petition of Right , and other the good laws of the land `` .
clearly not women — although women levellers on at least one occasion asserted `` an equal interest with the men of this nation in those liberties and securities [had] in the petition of right , and other the good laws of the land `` .

For them it was an expedient , almost a makeshift , and one that contained obvious dangers .
for them it was an expedient , almost a makeshift , and one that [had] obvious dangers .

The day before , the newspaper El Mundo contained eight announcements from the Crusade about the march , including four full-page spreads .
the day before , the newspaper el mundo [had] eight announcements from the crusade about the march , including four full-page spreads .

The Committee 's views on the issues involved in obtaining evidence of the achievement in mathematics of lower-attaining pupils are contained in paras 537–556 of their report .
the committee 's views on the issues involved in obtaining evidence of the achievement in mathematics of lower-attaining pupils are [had] in paras 537–556 of their report .

The results of the testing showed that whilst most pupils can read information contained in a graph , chart or table , success rates are considerably reduced when pupils have to process the information .
the results of the testing showed that whilst most pupils can read information [had] in a graph , chart or table , success rates are considerably reduced when pupils have to process the information .

Its truth , if it is true , does not depend on the truth-value of the contained statement that the play is to begin at eight .
its truth , if it is true , does not depend on the truth-value of the [had] statement that the play is to begin at eight .

These , together with resolutions passed by either House and the rulings given by the Speaker , are contained in Erskine May 's Parliamentary Practice .
these , together with resolutions passed by either house and the rulings given by the speaker , are [had] in erskine may 's parliamentary practice .

The question then is whether it can apply to countries where the procedural rules are not contained in any constitutional document or higher form of law .
the question then is whether it can apply to countries where the procedural rules are not [had] in any constitutional document or higher form of law .

The waters nevertheless contained the possibility of life and were personified as Nun , the primordial deity .
the waters nevertheless [had] the possibility of life and were personified as nun , the primordial deity .

He also possessed a true name known only to himself , which contained his potency .
he also possessed a true name known only to himself , which [had] his potency .

Three main themes are contained in the myth of Osiris , which are political , agricultural and ritual and which serve to explain and justify particular historical events and the growth of certain beliefs and practices .
three main themes are [had] in the myth of osiris , which are political , agricultural and ritual and which serve to explain and justify particular historical events and the growth of certain beliefs and practices .

Water is provided as moistened food contained in a thin plastic sachet ( 9 ) or 1 % reconstituted gelatine in a suitable container .
water is provided as moistened food [had] in a thin plastic sachet ( 9 ) or 1 % reconstituted gelatine in a suitable container .

( ii ) Transfer the testis to fresh 2.2 % sodium citrate solution contained in a small glass Petri dish and gently pull out the tubules .
( ii ) transfer the testis to fresh 2.2 % sodium citrate solution [had] in a small glass petri dish and gently pull out the tubules .

( ii ) When all desired cells on a slide are located , float off the round discs of plastic onto the surface of distilled water contained in a large square glass staining dish .
( ii ) when all desired cells on a slide are located , float off the round discs of plastic onto the surface of distilled water [had] in a large square glass staining dish .

Described as a `` magazine for the fair daughters of Great Britain and Ireland `` it contained a variety of essays , articles , poems and serials when it first appeared , and announced that its aim was to `` convince the sceptical that it is wise and well to qualify women to maintain themselves honourably and decently when through illness , death and desertion or bankrupt circumstances [ they are ] thrown on their own resources `` .
described as a `` magazine for the fair daughters of great britain and ireland `` it [had] a variety of essays , articles , poems and serials when it first appeared , and announced that its aim was to `` convince the sceptical that it is wise and well to qualify women to maintain themselves honourably and decently when through illness , death and desertion or bankrupt circumstances [ they are ] thrown on their own resources `` .

As it happens , the concrete evidence about marriage in the `` 1910 sample `` analysed in Chapter 6 ( those women in the trade in 1910 ) very largely relates to women who were aged about 18–28 during the Great War , and it could reasonably be argued that the war played such havoc with the marriage chances of this generation that it will have contained an unusually high proportion of women who never married .
as it happens , the concrete evidence about marriage in the `` 1910 sample `` analysed in chapter 6 ( those women in the trade in 1910 ) very largely relates to women who were aged about 18–28 during the great war , and it could reasonably be argued that the war played such havoc with the marriage chances of this generation that it will have [had] an unusually high proportion of women who never married .

Nineteen of the 23 Major Project schools of that time contained clear statements of aims to enhance the curriculum as a whole , although many schools went on to identify particular subjects or departments which required attention first .
nineteen of the 23 major project schools of that time [had] clear statements of aims to enhance the curriculum as a whole , although many schools went on to identify particular subjects or departments which required attention first .

Proposals typically contained statements of commitment to the development of the individual child , acknowledgement of the central position of the library and its resources in the curriculum provision of the school , and a willingness to establish an appropriate administrative and physical infrastructure for the successful implementation of the project .
proposals typically [had] statements of commitment to the development of the individual child , acknowledgement of the central position of the library and its resources in the curriculum provision of the school , and a willingness to establish an appropriate administrative and physical infrastructure for the successful implementation of the project .

It would be desirable if successful Compact graduates could demonstrate their suitability for employment through the positive evidence contained in their records of achievement , thus precluding the need in their case for testing .
it would be desirable if successful compact graduates could demonstrate their suitability for employment through the positive evidence [had] in their records of achievement , thus precluding the need in their case for testing .

If to this is added the ambitions for growth of services which are currently contained in every Health Authority 's plans , it call be seen that the task is even greater than first imagined .
if to this is added the ambitions for growth of services which are currently [had] in every health authority 's plans , it call be seen that the task is even greater than first imagined .

The house was called Lilac Villa , a name no one used , though the front garden contained several ancient gnarled lilac bushes .
the house was called lilac villa , a name no one used , though the front garden [had] several ancient gnarled lilac bushes .

On the contrary , it will inevitably have to be written as the history of a world which can no longer be contained within the limits of ‘ nations ’ and ‘ nation-states ’ as these used to be defined , either politically , or economically , or culturally , or even linguistically .
on the contrary , it will inevitably have to be written as the history of a world which can no longer be [had] within the limits of ‘ nations ’ and ‘ nation-states ’ as these used to be defined , either politically , or economically , or culturally , or even linguistically .

Unlike its fellow recordings on period instruments , however , this one takes as its starting point significant remarks by Corelli 's German contemporary , Georg Muffat , contained in the preface to a collection of his own concerti grossi , the Ausserlesene Instrumental- Musick ( 1701 ) .
unlike its fellow recordings on period instruments , however , this one takes as its starting point significant remarks by corelli 's german contemporary , georg muffat , [had] in the preface to a collection of his own concerti grossi , the ausserlesene instrumental- musick ( 1701 ) .

The Etudes , too , are a mixed success , movingly rich and contained in the tortuous near-Wagnerian chromaticism of Op .
the etudes , too , are a mixed success , movingly rich and [had] in the tortuous near-wagnerian chromaticism of op .

At this period the magazine still reviewed jazz records , and Alun Morgan considered a Verve issue which contained recordings from a 1946 concert given in Carnegie Hall by Woody Herman and his Orchestra .
at this period the magazine still reviewed jazz records , and alun morgan considered a verve issue which [had] recordings from a 1946 concert given in carnegie hall by woody herman and his orchestra .

The Local Government Bill when introduced to Parliament contained six principal features which may be summarised from Redlich and Hirst ( 1958:202 — 3 ) as follows :
the local government bill when introduced to parliament [had] six principal features which may be summarised from redlich and hirst ( 1958:202 — 3 ) as follows :

Thus , the arguments from efficiency and democracy were joined in the proposals contained in the Bill ; but they were not held by all the protagonists in equal measure .
thus , the arguments from efficiency and democracy were joined in the proposals [had] in the bill ; but they were not held by all the protagonists in equal measure .

England and Wales were divided into counties each of which contained a number of districts variously known as municipal , or non-county , boroughs , urban districts or rural districts depending on a combination of size , type of area , and historical circumstances .
england and wales were divided into counties each of which [had] a number of districts variously known as municipal , or non-county , boroughs , urban districts or rural districts depending on a combination of size , type of area , and historical circumstances .

Introduced by the government for the first time in the Local Government Bill , the county consists of only two districts and is dominated by Cardiff which at the time contained ‘ just about the only pocket of Conservative Party strength in south Wales ’ ( Wond 1976 : 127 ) .
introduced by the government for the first time in the local government bill , the county consists of only two districts and is dominated by cardiff which at the time [had] ‘ just about the only pocket of conservative party strength in south wales ’ ( wond 1976 : 127 ) .

The Bill contained some departures from the Wheatley proposals and there were further amendments as it passed through Parliament .
the bill [had] some departures from the wheatley proposals and there were further amendments as it passed through parliament .

The only evidence to link size with quality of performance was contained in the subjective opinions of the inspectors for education and child care ( Redcliffe-Maud 1969 , Vol .
the only evidence to link size with quality of performance was [had] in the subjective opinions of the inspectors for education and child care ( redcliffe-maud 1969 , vol .

It contained the commitment ‘ to abolish the unfair domestic rating system and replace rates with a fairer Community Charge ’ .
it [had] the commitment ‘ to abolish the unfair domestic rating system and replace rates with a fairer community charge ’ .

The spleen-venting and copious invective contained herein , is in much the same vein as that which brought Public Enemy notoriety as self-styled rap terrorists .
the spleen-venting and copious invective [had] herein , is in much the same vein as that which brought public enemy notoriety as self-styled rap terrorists .

Specific debates about the character of class , class boundaries and changes in the class structure are contained within this framework .
specific debates about the character of class , class boundaries and changes in the class structure are [had] within this framework .

No country , he argued , would have given priority to such criminals as the camps no doubt contained .
no country , he argued , would have given priority to such criminals as the camps no doubt [had] .

Korea south of the 38th parallel included the bulk of the population and was predominantly rural ; north Korea contained most of the industry , previously linked with the Japanese economic interests in Manchuria .
korea south of the 38th parallel included the bulk of the population and was predominantly rural ; north korea [had] most of the industry , previously linked with the japanese economic interests in manchuria .

The constitution contained a great deal that was familiar but also differences .
the constitution [had] a great deal that was familiar but also differences .

MacArthur insisted that the new Japanese constitution , accepted by the Japanese government upon his insistence in 1946 , contained a clause renouncing war .
macarthur insisted that the new japanese constitution , accepted by the japanese government upon his insistence in 1946 , [had] a clause renouncing war .

These bases can be contained within a conventional-style divan unit , but you must be sure to use the correct mattress — foam is ideal .
these bases can be [had] within a conventional-style divan unit , but you must be sure to use the correct mattress — foam is ideal .

Open-sprung mattresses are often used in combination with firm-edge divan bases , consisting of springs contained within a wooden frame
open-sprung mattresses are often used in combination with firm-edge divan bases , consisting of springs [had] within a wooden frame

Nor was the lesson lost upon the French whose army , which harassed the English borders in south-western France in the 1370s , contained a preponderance of mounted soldiers .
nor was the lesson lost upon the french whose army , which harassed the english borders in south-western france in the 1370s , [had] a preponderance of mounted soldiers .

35 years of Disney magic , imagination and expertise have gone into making this self contained world of fun and fantasy by far the greatest and most dazzling amusement centre in Europe .
35 years of disney magic , imagination and expertise have gone into making this self [had] world of fun and fantasy by far the greatest and most dazzling amusement centre in europe .

The prices contained in this brochure were valid at the time of publication ( October 1991 ) .
the prices [had] in this brochure were valid at the time of publication ( october 1991 ) .

Although it contained elements of Baal and Astarte worship , it was essentially monotheistic .
although it [had] elements of baal and astarte worship , it was essentially monotheistic .

However , according to our first prevalence study , it was those areas characterised by the greatest levels of social deprivation that contained both the largest absolute numbers of users and the highest proportions of users .
however , according to our first prevalence study , it was those areas characterised by the greatest levels of social deprivation that [had] both the largest absolute numbers of users and the highest proportions of users .

The preliminary draft of the Convention contained a provision which would enable two Contracting States to permit ‘ direct communication between their respective authorities ’ .
the preliminary draft of the convention [had] a provision which would enable two contracting states to permit ‘ direct communication between their respective authorities ’ .

Meanwhile the Bustamente Code of 1928 contained similar provisions , dealing additionally with the power of the judges issuing and receiving letters rogatory to determine questions as to the jurisdiction they were asked to exercise .
meanwhile the bustamente code of 1928 [had] similar provisions , dealing additionally with the power of the judges issuing and receiving letters rogatory to determine questions as to the jurisdiction they were asked to exercise .

The Committee produced a draft text , which on this subject contained three quite different formulations each permitting a different range of procedures .
the committee produced a draft text , which on this subject [had] three quite different formulations each permitting a different range of procedures .

The first real awareness of the changing population structure and the development of the view of population ageing as ‘ a bad thing ’ is contained in the 1949 Royal Commission of population .
the first real awareness of the changing population structure and the development of the view of population ageing as ‘ a bad thing ’ is [had] in the 1949 royal commission of population .

Further details of the different types of residential care are contained in Chapter 7 .
further details of the different types of residential care are [had] in chapter 7 .

Purpose built and completely self contained with their own entrance .
purpose built and completely self [had] with their own entrance .

The voice on the other end of the telephone line was abrupt and filled with contained excitement .
the voice on the other end of the telephone line was abrupt and filled with [had] excitement .

They live in a world of contained feelings and regimented activity .
they live in a world of [had] feelings and regimented activity .

He was intrigued to analyse her dreams and encouraged her to write them down before he discussed the hidden messages they may have contained .
he was intrigued to analyse her dreams and encouraged her to write them down before he discussed the hidden messages they may have [had] .

The brick tower was usually black tarred for weather protection and contained up to seven floors .
the brick tower was usually black tarred for weather protection and [had] up to seven floors .

Its particular advantage is that everything is contained into a smaller central area .
its particular advantage is that everything is [had] into a smaller central area .

Although he had left his native Scotland as a boy his voice still contained traces of his Celtic background .
although he had left his native scotland as a boy his voice still [had] traces of his celtic background .

It contained his least favourite type of commuters , the Yuppies with their expensive skiing gear and false tales of bravado which were shouted , rather than spoken , to relatives on the platform .
it [had] his least favourite type of commuters , the yuppies with their expensive skiing gear and false tales of bravado which were shouted , rather than spoken , to relatives on the platform .

Werner knew what it contained even though he had never seen it before .
werner knew what it [had] even though he had never seen it before .

It contained a silver box no bigger than a pocket calculator , cushioned in the centre of a layer of spongy foam .
it [had] a silver box no bigger than a pocket calculator , cushioned in the centre of a layer of spongy foam .

Contained within this ‘ Agreement ’ , as it became known , existed a commitment on the part of the Stock Exchange to abolish fixed commissions in favour of a more competitive regime .
[had] within this ‘ agreement ’ , as it became known , existed a commitment on the part of the stock exchange to abolish fixed commissions in favour of a more competitive regime .

The counselling and procuring provisions are contained in s.1(7) and stipulate that it is an offence for , inter alios , any of the above mentioned insiders to counsel or procure any other person ( ie not only individuals ) to deal in the relevant securities , if they know or have reasonable cause to believe that person would deal in them on a recognized exchange .
the counselling and procuring provisions are [had] in s.1(7) and stipulate that it is an offence for , inter alios , any of the above mentioned insiders to counsel or procure any other person ( ie not only individuals ) to deal in the relevant securities , if they know or have reasonable cause to believe that person would deal in them on a recognized exchange .

By virtue of Core Rule 36 , many transactions which would fall full square within Core Rule 28 are exempted because the Chinese Wall serves to negative the firm , or certain individuals within the firm , of the requisite knowledge that would bring it within the prohibition contained in Core Rule 28 .
by virtue of core rule 36 , many transactions which would fall full square within core rule 28 are exempted because the chinese wall serves to negative the firm , or certain individuals within the firm , of the requisite knowledge that would bring it within the prohibition [had] in core rule 28 .

The revised Building Regulations 1991 , which came into force on 1 June this year , contained a new requirement for controlling glazing in all buildings .
the revised building regulations 1991 , which came into force on 1 june this year , [had] a new requirement for controlling glazing in all buildings .

The rigid view of the sexual division of labour previously contained within the system is being diluted , to be replaced by a scheme which assumes that women will both want and need to switch from home to paid work and back again , particularly as the special demands of dependants such as children and the elderly — for whom the system still assumes women are primarily responsible — come and go .
the rigid view of the sexual division of labour previously [had] within the system is being diluted , to be replaced by a scheme which assumes that women will both want and need to switch from home to paid work and back again , particularly as the special demands of dependants such as children and the elderly — for whom the system still assumes women are primarily responsible — come and go .

The Beveridge Report , which formed the basis of much of the post-war social security legislation , contained certain features which in part led to the need to reform the pension system .
the beveridge report , which formed the basis of much of the post-war social security legislation , [had] certain features which in part led to the need to reform the pension system .

How do we know that there was an original crime of parricide ? The emotional problems contained in ‘ customs , ceremonies and dogmas left behind by the original relation to the father may have made it possible for later generations to take over their heritage of emotion ’ .
how do we know that there was an original crime of parricide ? the emotional problems [had] in ‘ customs , ceremonies and dogmas left behind by the original relation to the father may have made it possible for later generations to take over their heritage of emotion ’ .

Affectivity is only incomprehensible if it is expected that emotions can be translated into thoughts with a proposition contained within them .
affectivity is only incomprehensible if it is expected that emotions can be translated into thoughts with a proposition [had] within them .

The time has come for mankind to begin to live without the neurotic relics contained in religions .
the time has come for mankind to begin to live without the neurotic relics [had] in religions .

The dreams of people who had had traumatic experiences in the war , and who had developed neurotic symptoms , often contained material about the situation in which they were traumatized .
the dreams of people who had had traumatic experiences in the war , and who had developed neurotic symptoms , often [had] material about the situation in which they were traumatized .

While not wishing to comment on the economic arguments for communism in terms of its capacity to create more wealth more equally distributed , an aim Freud thought to be very important for the future , he thought that communism contained an ‘ illusion ’ about man 's nature .
while not wishing to comment on the economic arguments for communism in terms of its capacity to create more wealth more equally distributed , an aim freud thought to be very important for the future , he thought that communism [had] an ‘ illusion ’ about man 's nature .

The main areas affected are the Shadowalker and Catburglar walls , which also contained the cliff 's finest climbs .
the main areas affected are the shadowalker and catburglar walls , which also [had] the cliff 's finest climbs .

‘ At my local bookshop , called Ex Libris , in the Shambles at Bradford on Avon , ’ Kington writes , ‘ the man who looks after it once confided to me that his favourite browsing book when no customers were around was Desert Island Lists , which contained the records and books and luxuries chosen by everyone who had been on the programme in the Roy Plomley era .
‘ at my local bookshop , called ex libris , in the shambles at bradford on avon , ’ kington writes , ‘ the man who looks after it once confided to me that his favourite browsing book when no customers were around was desert island lists , which [had] the records and books and luxuries chosen by everyone who had been on the programme in the roy plomley era .

They contained tape cassettes and scribbled notes , and a polling card in the name of Pryse-Jones , said Tim Brown , prosecuting .
they [had] tape cassettes and scribbled notes , and a polling card in the name of pryse-jones , said tim brown , prosecuting .

The case contained a message about a guard dog .
the case [had] a message about a guard dog .

As with stream sediment sampling glaciation can form thick exotic deposits which have no relation to bedrock geology , and their contained clays may prevent upward migration of metal ions .
as with stream sediment sampling glaciation can form thick exotic deposits which have no relation to bedrock geology , and their [had] clays may prevent upward migration of metal ions .

Two 10 tonne samples contained 45 and 37g/t Au together with silver , arsenic and antimony ( Peach and others , 1911 ) .
two 10 tonne samples [had] 45 and 37g/t au together with silver , arsenic and antimony ( peach and others , 1911 ) .

Two sulphide concentrates from drill core contained 5 and 40 g/t Au .
two sulphide concentrates from drill core [had] 5 and 40 g/t au .

South-west England granites have a high lithium content , mainly contained in lithium-bearing micas .
south-west england granites have a high lithium content , mainly [had] in lithium-bearing micas .

The Central Wales orefield , where the galena contained over 200 g/t Ag , has produced over 100 tonnes ( Jones , 1922 ) .
the central wales orefield , where the galena [had] over 200 g/t ag , has produced over 100 tonnes ( jones , 1922 ) .

The Policyholder having made to the Corporation a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and having paid or agreed to pay on demand the premium stated in the Schedule the Corporation will provide insurance hereinafter contained in respect of events happening within the Territorial Limits or in the course of transit by sea or air ( including hovercraft ) between places within the Territorial Limits ( including processes of loading and unloading ) during the period of insurance stated in the Schedule or during any period for which the Corporation may accept payment for the renewal of this Policy .
the policyholder having made to the corporation a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and having paid or agreed to pay on demand the premium stated in the schedule the corporation will provide insurance hereinafter [had] in respect of events happening within the territorial limits or in the course of transit by sea or air ( including hovercraft ) between places within the territorial limits ( including processes of loading and unloading ) during the period of insurance stated in the schedule or during any period for which the corporation may accept payment for the renewal of this policy .

the first £50 of each and every claim for loss of or damage to personal effects contained in the caravan or towing vehicle
the first £50 of each and every claim for loss of or damage to personal effects [had] in the caravan or towing vehicle

The Policyholder having made to the Corporation a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and having paid or agreed to pay on demand the premium stated in the Schedule the Corporation will provide insurance hereinafter contained in respect of events happening within the Territorial Limits or in the course of transit by sea or air ( including hovercraft ) between places within the Territorial Limits ( including processes of loading and unloading ) during the period of insurance stated in the Schedule or during any period for which the Corporation may accept payment for the renewal of this Policy .
the policyholder having made to the corporation a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and having paid or agreed to pay on demand the premium stated in the schedule the corporation will provide insurance hereinafter [had] in respect of events happening within the territorial limits or in the course of transit by sea or air ( including hovercraft ) between places within the territorial limits ( including processes of loading and unloading ) during the period of insurance stated in the schedule or during any period for which the corporation may accept payment for the renewal of this policy .

The last edition of Environmental Issues contained an item on the Bristol versus Atherstone net ball match , and this caught the attention of the staff at Glasgow 's Healthcare branch .
the last edition of environmental issues [had] an item on the bristol versus atherstone net ball match , and this caught the attention of the staff at glasgow 's healthcare branch .

His recommendations — which are contained in two handy posters exhibited at every rig site — are slightly different from conventional drilling practices .
his recommendations — which are [had] in two handy posters exhibited at every rig site — are slightly different from conventional drilling practices .

Full details on the training and examinations are contained in the inserts in the sleeve of this booklet , but basically you will have to take two groups of examinations . 0
full details on the training and examinations are [had] in the inserts in the sleeve of this booklet , but basically you will have to take two groups of examinations . 0

More details of these activities are contained elsewhere in this issue of Update .
more details of these activities are [had] elsewhere in this issue of update .

Within its modest covers is contained a list of the huge number of modules now available to pupils and students all over the country .
within its modest covers is [had] a list of the huge number of modules now available to pupils and students all over the country .

There is no cover provided by the policy for theft of property not contained in a building i.e. theft from a motor vehicle is not covered .
there is no cover provided by the policy for theft of property not [had] in a building i.e. theft from a motor vehicle is not covered .

Group welfare officer Sheila Redmond , pictured left , said : ‘ Dr High advised that there was little or no medical evidence contained in the article and that the uniform pressure exerted during examinations is necessary in order to take a clear x-ray which covers as much of the breast as possible . ’
group welfare officer sheila redmond , pictured left , said : ‘ dr high advised that there was little or no medical evidence [had] in the article and that the uniform pressure exerted during examinations is necessary in order to take a clear x-ray which covers as much of the breast as possible . ’

Company secretary Wendy Jennings said : ‘ The document follows hard on the heels of the Group health and safety policy which was contained in information packs last year .
company secretary wendy jennings said : ‘ the document follows hard on the heels of the group health and safety policy which was [had] in information packs last year .

It must be stressed that one should not rely on the proposition that the grounds of fault contained within third party correspondence are exhaustive .
it must be stressed that one should not rely on the proposition that the grounds of fault [had] within third party correspondence are exhaustive .

Perhaps the best illustrations available are of the man who fell into a steel tank which had contained radioactive waste .
perhaps the best illustrations available are of the man who fell into a steel tank which had [had] radioactive waste .

There are a few statutory exceptions contained within the Act , the most notable being that the Insurer will not be liable for the ‘ wilful misconduct ’ of the Policyholder i.e .
there are a few statutory exceptions [had] within the act , the most notable being that the insurer will not be liable for the ‘ wilful misconduct ’ of the policyholder i.e .

In this connection we would draw your attention to the General Terms — Emergency and Salvage Charges contained in both the Policy Forms .
in this connection we would draw your attention to the general terms — emergency and salvage charges [had] in both the policy forms .

The second important effect of the Speedboat Clause is contained within Section 2 .
the second important effect of the speedboat clause is [had] within section 2 .

The major restriction contained within the clause is Section 4 .
the major restriction [had] within the clause is section 4 .

If you are willing to accept employment on the basis of the terms contained or referred to in this letter , will you please sign one copy and return it to me as soon as possible .
if you are willing to accept employment on the basis of the terms [had] or referred to in this letter , will you please sign one copy and return it to me as soon as possible .

If you are willing to accept employment on the basis of the terms contained or referred to in this letter and the attached schedule , will you please sign one copy and return it to me as quickly as possible and in any case within 4 weeks .
if you are willing to accept employment on the basis of the terms [had] or referred to in this letter and the attached schedule , will you please sign one copy and return it to me as quickly as possible and in any case within 4 weeks .

Many Bank Assistant members who saw the Association 's Submission to the Labour Court commented that it contained a case which was irresistible .
many bank assistant members who saw the association 's submission to the labour court commented that it [had] a case which was irresistible .

Hence the scene in the restaurant with the company director forced to say only what is contained in his annual report .
hence the scene in the restaurant with the company director forced to say only what is [had] in his annual report .

The requirement is contained in a draft Statement of Auditing Standard 510 .
the requirement is [had] in a draft statement of auditing standard 510 .

The elements it contained ‘ helped us but in the end our approach is driven by our own particular view focused by the firm 's strategic plan ’ , said Mulvie .
the elements it [had] ‘ helped us but in the end our approach is driven by our own particular view focused by the firm 's strategic plan ’ , said mulvie .

The first edition , produced last March , contained 11 opportunities generating 15 enquiries — ‘ which may not seem a lot but in the context of the Scottish market , and the quality criteria we imposed , is impressive ’ — and with second going out to intermediaries — ‘ apart from not being allowed under the Financial Services Act to sent it out to the business community generally , we want to maintain the quality of submissions received ’ — in the last fortnight , Hally sees no reason for second thoughts .
the first edition , produced last march , [had] 11 opportunities generating 15 enquiries — ‘ which may not seem a lot but in the context of the scottish market , and the quality criteria we imposed , is impressive ’ — and with second going out to intermediaries — ‘ apart from not being allowed under the financial services act to sent it out to the business community generally , we want to maintain the quality of submissions received ’ — in the last fortnight , hally sees no reason for second thoughts .

The move implements cancellation provisions contained in the second and third life assurance directive .
the move implements cancellation provisions [had] in the second and third life assurance directive .

The requirements relate very closely to the due diligence provisions as contained in the Food Safety Act 1990 and in effect employers have to identify the potential hazards within their business , ensuring that through training , these can then be eliminated or minimised .
the requirements relate very closely to the due diligence provisions as [had] in the food safety act 1990 and in effect employers have to identify the potential hazards within their business , ensuring that through training , these can then be eliminated or minimised .

To enable the Chief Executive to meet the performance requirements contained in this Agreement , a gross total of £1,392.8 million will be made available to the Agency , being the sum for which the Secretary of State has gained the approval of Parliament under Vote 2 of the 1993–94 Supply Estimates for the Employment Department Group .
to enable the chief executive to meet the performance requirements [had] in this agreement , a gross total of £1,392.8 million will be made available to the agency , being the sum for which the secretary of state has gained the approval of parliament under vote 2 of the 1993–94 supply estimates for the employment department group .

This contained one very negative feature for Juniper Green in addition to several positive ones .
this [had] one very negative feature for juniper green in addition to several positive ones .

However , the plan also contained the proposal to make Juniper Green a conservation area which is much welcomed and suggested the compulsory purchase order not only of the tennis courts but also the Woodhall Paper Mill site which would then be landscaped and integrated into the Water of Leith Walkway .
however , the plan also [had] the proposal to make juniper green a conservation area which is much welcomed and suggested the compulsory purchase order not only of the tennis courts but also the woodhall paper mill site which would then be landscaped and integrated into the water of leith walkway .

The proposals are contained in a White Paper , and as such they are still subject to changes being made to them .
the proposals are [had] in a white paper , and as such they are still subject to changes being made to them .

‘ Council notes with grave concern the proposals for dismantling the existing two tier system of local government in Lothian , as contained in the Government 's White Paper ‘ Shaping the Future — The New Councils ’ .
‘ council notes with grave concern the proposals for dismantling the existing two tier system of local government in lothian , as [had] in the government 's white paper ‘ shaping the future — the new councils ’ .

In the meantime , the Council instructs the Chief Executive to prepare a comprehensive response to the White Paper and authorises him to incur any necessary expenditure in doing so , noting that this will be contained within the budget for local government reform . ’
in the meantime , the council instructs the chief executive to prepare a comprehensive response to the white paper and authorises him to incur any necessary expenditure in doing so , noting that this will be [had] within the budget for local government reform . ’

The Regional Council , for the reasons given above and in its Written Submission , paras 20–27 , 81 , 92 , 94–99 , 104 and 107 , does not accept the arguments contained in paras 1.8–1.13 of the appellant 's comments .
the regional council , for the reasons given above and in its written submission , paras 20–27 , 81 , 92 , 94–99 , 104 and 107 , does not accept the arguments [had] in paras 1.8–1.13 of the appellant 's comments .

Some of the information provided to you will also be contained in the minutes of meetings referred to in the following paragraph .
some of the information provided to you will also be [had] in the minutes of meetings referred to in the following paragraph .

Or a defector , she thought , a word that contained echoes of betrayals , a brother left behind .
or a defector , she thought , a word that [had] echoes of betrayals , a brother left behind .

He stoked the fire so that it flared , then reached behind him for a pouch of thin leather which contained charred bones .
he stoked the fire so that it flared , then reached behind him for a pouch of thin leather which [had] charred bones .

The bread contained flour maggots but it was food .
the bread [had] flour maggots but it was food .

Contained within the Faculty are several research institutes .
[had] within the faculty are several research institutes .

It contained a collector 's dream .
it [had] a collector 's dream .

The room was of considerable size and contained more priceless antiques than an entire Lovejoy series .
the room was of considerable size and [had] more priceless antiques than an entire lovejoy series .

Mallachy , remembering the story they 'd concocted , gave Rory a piece of paper which contained ( he said ) a ‘ list of the addresses ’ , and Rory thanked him for his trouble .
mallachy , remembering the story they 'd concocted , gave rory a piece of paper which [had] ( he said ) a ‘ list of the addresses ’ , and rory thanked him for his trouble .

Kerr reported on the visit at the July meeting of the Council , drawing attention to ‘ the adverse criticisms contained in this report ’ , emphasizing that it had been a strong visiting party , and that it had reached its conclusions unanimously . He summarized :
kerr reported on the visit at the july meeting of the council , drawing attention to ‘ the adverse criticisms [had] in this report ’ , emphasizing that it had been a strong visiting party , and that it had reached its conclusions unanimously . he summarized :

It is simply that these conflicts , which once would have been more or less wholly contained within the personality , are now becoming externalized and , indeed , are transforming society .
it is simply that these conflicts , which once would have been more or less wholly [had] within the personality , are now becoming externalized and , indeed , are transforming society .

Further information about admissions to individual faculties as well as general course descriptions are contained in the later faculty sections .
further information about admissions to individual faculties as well as general course descriptions are [had] in the later faculty sections .

There is too much archaeology to be contained in any undergraduate degree or to be taught by any group of teachers .
there is too much archaeology to be [had] in any undergraduate degree or to be taught by any group of teachers .

It contained two narrow iron bedsteads furnished with dingy bed-linen and grey army blankets .
it [had] two narrow iron bedsteads furnished with dingy bed-linen and grey army blankets .

Back in the car he showed Ivy the black-and-white Polaroid photograph it contained .
back in the car he showed ivy the black-and-white polaroid photograph it [had] .

It contained four sheets of paper closely covered in unfamiliar handwriting , and it was a measure of how relaxed he was that it took him the best part of a minute to realise that he was holding a copy of the letter written by Ruggerio Miletti to his family three days previously .
it [had] four sheets of paper closely covered in unfamiliar handwriting , and it was a measure of how relaxed he was that it took him the best part of a minute to realise that he was holding a copy of the letter written by ruggerio miletti to his family three days previously .

As Zen stood there fiddling with the crucifix , the end of the upright suddenly came away cleanly in his hand and he saw that it was hollow and that the lower part of the shaft contained a heavy rectangular pack about two centimetres long connected to a wire running back into the shaft and disappearing through a small hole into the figure of Christ . This figure was painted in the same syrupy pastel shades as the rest of the crucifix , but when Zen tapped it the head resounded not with the dull thud of plaster but with a light metallic ring
as zen stood there fiddling with the crucifix , the end of the upright suddenly came away cleanly in his hand and he saw that it was hollow and that the lower part of the shaft [had] a heavy rectangular pack about two centimetres long connected to a wire running back into the shaft and disappearing through a small hole into the figure of christ . this figure was painted in the same syrupy pastel shades as the rest of the crucifix , but when zen tapped it the head resounded not with the dull thud of plaster but with a light metallic ring

The second one contained cotton wool , small bottles for samples , scissors , a syringe , tubes for taking penile and vaginal smears .
the second one [had] cotton wool , small bottles for samples , scissors , a syringe , tubes for taking penile and vaginal smears .

It also contained a bed .
it also [had] a bed .

It contained portraits and potted biographies of the leading professionals , a photograph and description of every hole on the course and articles by golfing correspondents .
it [had] portraits and potted biographies of the leading professionals , a photograph and description of every hole on the course and articles by golfing correspondents .

They contained full sets of clubs with new covers over the woods .
they [had] full sets of clubs with new covers over the woods .

This seems appropriate since , with the exception of fascist states and some contemporary authoritarian regimes , corporatism has developed to widely differing degrees , varies in intensity over time and is contained within vastly different state structures and administrative traditions .
this seems appropriate since , with the exception of fascist states and some contemporary authoritarian regimes , corporatism has developed to widely differing degrees , varies in intensity over time and is [had] within vastly different state structures and administrative traditions .

While some pluralists , notably Almond ( 1983 ) , Jordan ( 1983 ) and Martin ( 1983 ) , argue that what is described as ‘ corporatism ’ could equally well be contained within a pluralist conception of the state , theorists of corporatism maintain that there is a substantive difference between the two socio-political systems :
while some pluralists , notably almond ( 1983 ) , jordan ( 1983 ) and martin ( 1983 ) , argue that what is described as ‘ corporatism ’ could equally well be [had] within a pluralist conception of the state , theorists of corporatism maintain that there is a substantive difference between the two socio-political systems :

Acceptance of the assumptions contained in this model of bureaucratic-legislative relations leads to a number of policy prescriptions for the structure of the public sector that are designed to redress the imbalance of power between these two parts of the governmental machine .
acceptance of the assumptions [had] in this model of bureaucratic-legislative relations leads to a number of policy prescriptions for the structure of the public sector that are designed to redress the imbalance of power between these two parts of the governmental machine .

It turned out to be a cutting from the Guardian , and contained much that she wanted to know .
it turned out to be a cutting from the guardian , and [had] much that she wanted to know .

The Herald file on Hugh Puddephat contained only two more cuttings , both considerably older than those connected with the inquest .
the herald file on hugh puddephat [had] only two more cuttings , both considerably older than those connected with the inquest .

It was only when she sat down that she realized why there were several spaces : her section of the carriage contained a group of unruly Italian teenagers who were obviously well beyond the control of the two middle-aged nuns accompanying them .
it was only when she sat down that she realized why there were several spaces : her section of the carriage [had] a group of unruly italian teenagers who were obviously well beyond the control of the two middle-aged nuns accompanying them .

The following days papers contained surprisingly little about Puddephat 's disappearance .
the following days papers [had] surprisingly little about puddephat 's disappearance .

It also contained the piece of furniture in which she took most pride — a Victorian brass bed that she polished lovingly every three months .
it also [had] the piece of furniture in which she took most pride — a victorian brass bed that she polished lovingly every three months .

One contained the proofs of an article she had written for an academic journal ; she scanned the contents of the envelope briefly and pinned it to her noticeboard to be dealt with on her return from Oxford .
one [had] the proofs of an article she had written for an academic journal ; she scanned the contents of the envelope briefly and pinned it to her noticeboard to be dealt with on her return from oxford .

She had been convinced at first that it had all been a mistake , that she had indeed misread the unspoken message contained in the postcard .
she had been convinced at first that it had all been a mistake , that she had indeed misread the unspoken message [had] in the postcard .

To the side of the sink , under the draining-board , were half-empty sacks and bags which contained cereals , wood shavings and what looked like the sort of seeds you feed to birds rather than the ones you roll with tobacco .
to the side of the sink , under the draining-board , were half-empty sacks and bags which [had] cereals , wood shavings and what looked like the sort of seeds you feed to birds rather than the ones you roll with tobacco .

These may be entirely contained within the borders of a single country even though their effects are transnational .
these may be entirely [had] within the borders of a single country even though their effects are transnational .

All biopsy specimens include muscularis mucosae ; however only one contained sufficient submucosa for analysis of submucosal staining .
all biopsy specimens include muscularis mucosae ; however only one [had] sufficient submucosa for analysis of submucosal staining .

Ninety three per cent of gall bladders were shown to be functioning and nine ( 9.8 % ) contained stones , although five of these are believed to have developed from residual fragments .
ninety three per cent of gall bladders were shown to be functioning and nine ( 9.8 % ) [had] stones , although five of these are believed to have developed from residual fragments .

We wished to demonstrate whether epitopes contained within the amino acid sequence 206–217 of A-gliadin are specific to coeliac toxic cereals .
we wished to demonstrate whether epitopes [had] within the amino acid sequence 206–217 of a-gliadin are specific to coeliac toxic cereals .

In ulcerative colitis 4 of 24 of the sera contained IgG anti-α antigen antibodies ( p < 0.05 ) , and in primary sclerosing cholangitis 4 of 12 sera ( p < 0.001 ) were positive .
in ulcerative colitis 4 of 24 of the sera [had] igg anti-α antigen antibodies ( p < 0.05 ) , and in primary sclerosing cholangitis 4 of 12 sera ( p < 0.001 ) were positive .

Four of 52 ( 8 % ) of the sera from patients with Crohn 's disease contained IgG anti-lactoferrin antibodies ( not significantly different from the control group ) .
four of 52 ( 8 % ) of the sera from patients with crohn 's disease [had] igg anti-lactoferrin antibodies ( not significantly different from the control group ) .

All of the anti-lactoferrin positive cholangitis sera belonged to patients suffering from concomitant ulcerative colitis — that is , 6 of 9 ( 67 % ) sera from patients with sclerosing cholangitis and concomitant ulcerative colitis contained IgG anti-lactoferrin antibodies .
all of the anti-lactoferrin positive cholangitis sera belonged to patients suffering from concomitant ulcerative colitis — that is , 6 of 9 ( 67 % ) sera from patients with sclerosing cholangitis and concomitant ulcerative colitis [had] igg anti-lactoferrin antibodies .

Up to 50 histologically normal crypts were analysed from each specimen where the entire proliferating compartment was contained within the longitudinal fragment of the crypt selected for counting .
up to 50 histologically normal crypts were analysed from each specimen where the entire proliferating compartment was [had] within the longitudinal fragment of the crypt selected for counting .

Bile obtained by aspiration from the gall bladders of anesthetised rabbits contained bile acids in a concentration of 8.8 ( 2.3 ) mmol/l .
bile obtained by aspiration from the gall bladders of anesthetised rabbits [had] bile acids in a concentration of 8.8 ( 2.3 ) mmol/l .

Analysis was confined to those crypts whose entire lengths could be completely visualised and which contained a single layer of cells only .
analysis was confined to those crypts whose entire lengths could be completely visualised and which [had] a single layer of cells only .

When coal dust is inhaled , particles are cleared by the cilia of the respiratory mucosa into the pharynx , where they are swallowed thereby exposing the upper gastrointestinal mucosa to these compounds contained in the dust .
when coal dust is inhaled , particles are cleared by the cilia of the respiratory mucosa into the pharynx , where they are swallowed thereby exposing the upper gastrointestinal mucosa to these compounds [had] in the dust .

At surgery , both ureters contained isolated necrotic segments and histological examination showed obstructed ureters with acute and chronic inflammation surrounded by fat necrosis and calcification .
at surgery , both ureters [had] isolated necrotic segments and histological examination showed obstructed ureters with acute and chronic inflammation surrounded by fat necrosis and calcification .

The system contained a reservoir ( volume 25 ml ) to minimise recirculation ( for details , see Jodal et al ) .
the system [had] a reservoir ( volume 25 ml ) to minimise recirculation ( for details , see jodal et al ) .

Vitruvius provides a clear description of an example of the late period from which it seems that the temples contained three cells placed side by side and dedicated to three different deities .
vitruvius provides a clear description of an example of the late period from which it seems that the temples [had] three cells placed side by side and dedicated to three different deities .

The frigidarium was presumed to be open to the sky and contained a large open-air swimming bath .
the frigidarium was presumed to be open to the sky and [had] a large open-air swimming bath .

On a rocky hill , about 2000 feet above the sea , Mistra was developed in the late days of the empire from the fourteenth century and was , at that time , an important centre and therefore contained some large churches .
on a rocky hill , about 2000 feet above the sea , mistra was developed in the late days of the empire from the fourteenth century and was , at that time , an important centre and therefore [had] some large churches .

The accounts of an establishment of chantry priests at Bridport in Dorset show that their diet contained considerable quantities of flesh and fish , and that , although it normally was fairly plain , it could contain luxuries on special occasions .
the accounts of an establishment of chantry priests at bridport in dorset show that their diet [had] considerable quantities of flesh and fish , and that , although it normally was fairly plain , it could contain luxuries on special occasions .

Early in the fifteenth century , the problem of what constituted a nation arose as a practical issue at the Council of Constance , and , as might be expected in an assembly which contained many distinguished academics , the issue was debated in theoretical terms , although the original cause of the debate was essentially political .
early in the fifteenth century , the problem of what constituted a nation arose as a practical issue at the council of constance , and , as might be expected in an assembly which [had] many distinguished academics , the issue was debated in theoretical terms , although the original cause of the debate was essentially political .

The Staffordshire commission of 1409–14 contained three lawyers , all active members of it , and eight gentry , who again played a part in other spheres of local government , mostly although not exclusively within the shire ( 31 , pp.340–1 , 401–2 ) .
the staffordshire commission of 1409–14 [had] three lawyers , all active members of it , and eight gentry , who again played a part in other spheres of local government , mostly although not exclusively within the shire ( 31 , pp.340–1 , 401–2 ) .

The local applications were random-donor concentrates which contained about 10 platelets in 50 mL plasma .
the local applications were random-donor concentrates which [had] about 10 platelets in 50 ml plasma .

Answer guide : The important points that should be contained is that these relate to inflows from normal activities .
answer guide : the important points that should be [had] is that these relate to inflows from normal activities .

Answer guide : Here you would need the information contained in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby increase the profit .
answer guide : here you would need the information [had] in the projections which provide the profit target so that you could attempt to improve on the profit either by increasing sales , or adjusting the staffing of your outlet to reduce the costs and thereby increase the profit .

If expenditure is contained within a budget it implies that it has been approved by top management and no further approval is required .
if expenditure is [had] within a budget it implies that it has been approved by top management and no further approval is required .

The case contained one office file and a brochure .
the case [had] one office file and a brochure .

The holdalls only contained towels , shampoo and the ‘ action footwear ’ we 'd bought yesterday .
the holdalls only [had] towels , shampoo and the ‘ action footwear ’ we 'd bought yesterday .

For Beryl Garland the whole of reality was contained within the narrow horizons of her direct experience and her judgements were absolute .
for beryl garland the whole of reality was [had] within the narrow horizons of her direct experience and her judgements were absolute .

Distributional attitudes to inequality are contained in the parameter .
distributional attitudes to inequality are [had] in the parameter .

The illustrative figures contained within Meade ( 1978 ) suggest that negative income tax proposals are less ‘ demanding ’ where guaranteed income is not all that generous .
the illustrative figures [had] within meade ( 1978 ) suggest that negative income tax proposals are less ‘ demanding ’ where guaranteed income is not all that generous .

It is hoped that sections 10-2-10-4 have provided sufficient analytical tools to be able to appreciate the differences in perspectives contained in the major schools of thought discussed below .
it is hoped that sections 10-2-10-4 have provided sufficient analytical tools to be able to appreciate the differences in perspectives [had] in the major schools of thought discussed below .

He considered leaving the rucksack on the train , but as it contained several of his favourite Fair Isle jumpers , and this was bonny Scotland after all , he thought better of it and shouldered the thing .
he considered leaving the rucksack on the train , but as it [had] several of his favourite fair isle jumpers , and this was bonny scotland after all , he thought better of it and shouldered the thing .

If the module is not contained within a user-supplied package , a warning will be generated .
if the module is not [had] within a user-supplied package , a warning will be generated .

If it is contained in a user-supplied package , it must satisfy the following conditions :
if it is [had] in a user-supplied package , it must satisfy the following conditions :

For packages , this section is used primarily to specify the modules which are ‘ contained ’ in the package , i.e. set membership . It lists the modules in the form :
for packages , this section is used primarily to specify the modules which are ‘ [had] ’ in the package , i.e. set membership . it lists the modules in the form :

so that the module header of the package can be updated , along with any text contained in the body of the module .
so that the module header of the package can be updated , along with any text [had] in the body of the module .

As an example , let us assume that a package exists and that some of the constituent modules are also contained in other packages which have different managers .
as an example , let us assume that a package exists and that some of the constituent modules are also [had] in other packages which have different managers .

One of the modules was also contained in a package managed by someone else .
one of the modules was also [had] in a package managed by someone else .

They need not be contained within square brackets .
they need not be [had] within square brackets .

Note that a maximum of 30 modules can be contained in a package .
note that a maximum of 30 modules can be [had] in a package .

3124 Module is not contained in package :
3124 module is not [had] in package :

Note that when listing by latest version , the actual version number in the package selection is used to list contained packages .
note that when listing by latest version , the actual version number in the package selection is used to list [had] packages .

The scrolled area gives details of all the modules contained in the package .
the scrolled area gives details of all the modules [had] in the package .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules [had] in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .

The scrolled area gives details of all the modules contained in the package .
the scrolled area gives details of all the modules [had] in the package .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules [had] in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .

The scrolled area gives details of all the modules contained in the package .
the scrolled area gives details of all the modules [had] in the package .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules [had] in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .

If these are valid and you have access to the package , the modules contained in this package will be displayed in the scrolled area .
if these are valid and you have access to the package , the modules [had] in this package will be displayed in the scrolled area .

The scrolled area gives details of all the modules contained in the package .
the scrolled area gives details of all the modules [had] in the package .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules [had] in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .

The scrolled area gives details of all the modules contained in the package ( except the package itself ) .
the scrolled area gives details of all the modules [had] in the package ( except the package itself ) .

no modules may be contained in the package as Preferred .
no modules may be [had] in the package as preferred .

The scrolled area gives details of all the modules contained in the package .
the scrolled area gives details of all the modules [had] in the package .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules [had] in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .

The scrolled area gives details of all the modules contained in the package .
the scrolled area gives details of all the modules [had] in the package .

They need not be contained within square brackets .
they need not be [had] within square brackets .

Note that a maximum of 30 modules can be contained in a package .
note that a maximum of 30 modules can be [had] in a package .

Any package in the structure which is to be updated and approved must not be contained in more than 30 other packages .
any package in the structure which is to be updated and approved must not be [had] in more than 30 other packages .

Package … contained in too many packages
package … [had] in too many packages

Jung , unlike Freud , believed that the symbols , or archetypes contained in dreams and hallucinations were more than the manifestation of sexual hang-ups .
jung , unlike freud , believed that the symbols , or archetypes [had] in dreams and hallucinations were more than the manifestation of sexual hang-ups .

The information contained in wills must be examined as critically as that in any other document .
the information [had] in wills must be examined as critically as that in any other document .

Without the information contained in the parish register , one might reasonably suppose that Joseph and Ann had three children , who were each to receive only a shilling unless Ann remarried , upon which occasion they would inherit the entire estate .
without the information [had] in the parish register , one might reasonably suppose that joseph and ann had three children , who were each to receive only a shilling unless ann remarried , upon which occasion they would inherit the entire estate .

The information contained in this appraisal provides fascinating insights into seventeenth-century methods of manufacturing glass .
the information [had] in this appraisal provides fascinating insights into seventeenth-century methods of manufacturing glass .

The information contained in the will prompts a search of the Silkstone parish registers and a visit to the church to look for tombstones .
the information [had] in the will prompts a search of the silkstone parish registers and a visit to the church to look for tombstones .

The most important tax levied upon the people of seventeenth-century England — as far as the local and family historian is concerned — was that based upon the number of hearths or chimneys that each house contained .
the most important tax levied upon the people of seventeenth-century england — as far as the local and family historian is concerned — was that based upon the number of hearths or chimneys that each house [had] .

In 1670 Wigston contained 161 households , including forty-seven that were exempted from payment of the hearth tax on the grounds of poverty .
in 1670 wigston [had] 161 households , including forty-seven that were exempted from payment of the hearth tax on the grounds of poverty .

Leicester had about 600 households at the beginning of Elizabeth 's reign and was largely contained within its medieval walls , surrounded by open , arable fields .
leicester had about 600 households at the beginning of elizabeth 's reign and was largely [had] within its medieval walls , surrounded by open , arable fields .

At its most populous , between the 1790s and the 1840s , Fisher Row contained some 300–400 people .
at its most populous , between the 1790s and the 1840s , fisher row [had] some 300–400 people .

Even when Victoria came to the throne in 1837 only five places in England and Wales contained more than 100,000 people .
even when victoria came to the throne in 1837 only five places in england and wales [had] more than 100,000 people .

By the middle of the nineteenth century Lancashire was the most urbanized county in England , with over half its population living in the fourteen towns which contained more than 10,000 inhabitants each .
by the middle of the nineteenth century lancashire was the most urbanized county in england , with over half its population living in the fourteen towns which [had] more than 10,000 inhabitants each .

In 1801 the rural township of Everton contained only 499 people ; eighty years later the same area accommodated 109,812 inhabitants .
in 1801 the rural township of everton [had] only 499 people ; eighty years later the same area accommodated 109,812 inhabitants .

In addition to the usual inns and shops , professional residences and a few town houses belonging to the local nobility and gentry , it contained two barracks , county courts , a prison , a workhouse , a hospital and a museum .
in addition to the usual inns and shops , professional residences and a few town houses belonging to the local nobility and gentry , it [had] two barracks , county courts , a prison , a workhouse , a hospital and a museum .

By then Horncastle had a handsome appearance and contained many well-stocked shops with elegant frontages : ‘ The erection of the Corn Exchange , the Butter Market , the Railway station , the County Court Office , the new Vicarage House , and the chaste little Chapel of Ease have greatly improved the appearance of the town ’ .
by then horncastle had a handsome appearance and [had] many well-stocked shops with elegant frontages : ‘ the erection of the corn exchange , the butter market , the railway station , the county court office , the new vicarage house , and the chaste little chapel of ease have greatly improved the appearance of the town ’ .

It could be that social psychologists have much to learn from the practical knowledge contained in common everyday sense and could more usefully pursue questions of how common sense helps us act in the world , instead of criticising its supposed inadequacies and developing new improved uncommon sense based on the laboratory subject .
it could be that social psychologists have much to learn from the practical knowledge [had] in common everyday sense and could more usefully pursue questions of how common sense helps us act in the world , instead of criticising its supposed inadequacies and developing new improved uncommon sense based on the laboratory subject .

The , main basket this year , which was displayed on a stand , won the couple second place in another local competition and contained trailing geraniums .
the , main basket this year , which was displayed on a stand , won the couple second place in another local competition and [had] trailing geraniums .

Each film is resolved with the events which take place neatly closed off and contained , and with a return to ’ normality ’ .
each film is resolved with the events which take place neatly closed off and [had] , and with a return to ’ normality ’ .

In 1986 it was decided that those paints , even the treated ones , that contained lots of nasty chemicals could not be buried at all , but had to be burnt .
in 1986 it was decided that those paints , even the treated ones , that [had] lots of nasty chemicals could not be buried at all , but had to be burnt .

This statement is drawn up from information contained in the profit and loss account , the balance sheet , and notes on accounts which accompany full , published accounts .
this statement is drawn up from information [had] in the profit and loss account , the balance sheet , and notes on accounts which accompany full , published accounts .

These notes amplify information contained in the statements .
these notes amplify information [had] in the statements .

The first objective of a company audit is to express an expert and independent opinion on the truth and fairness of information contained in the balance sheet and the profit and loss account : see section 236 of the Companies Act 1985 .
the first objective of a company audit is to express an expert and independent opinion on the truth and fairness of information [had] in the balance sheet and the profit and loss account : see section 236 of the companies act 1985 .

It is not a warranty of the facts contained in the financial statements .
it is not a warranty of the facts [had] in the financial statements .

On the free movement of persons the summit welcomed the signature of an asylum convention [ see p. 37535 ] and urged the rapid implementation of measures towards a Europe without frontiers contained in the Palma document .
on the free movement of persons the summit welcomed the signature of an asylum convention [ see p. 37535 ] and urged the rapid implementation of measures towards a europe without frontiers [had] in the palma document .

The federal Cabinet announced and sworn in on June 27 contained only 16 members , of whom nine had served in the outgoing government .
the federal cabinet announced and sworn in on june 27 [had] only 16 members , of whom nine had served in the outgoing government .

In November 1989 a government spokesperson described as " false and unfounded " a report by the human rights organization Amnesty International which contained allegations of human rights abuses and torture and ill-treatment of prisoners .
in november 1989 a government spokesperson described as " false and unfounded " a report by the human rights organization amnesty international which [had] allegations of human rights abuses and torture and ill-treatment of prisoners .

The Commons and the Lords further approved on March 12 and March 19 respectively , the extension for a further 12 months of the emergency provisions and powers contained within the 1978 and 1987 Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions ) Acts [ see p. 37099 for last 12-month extension ] .
the commons and the lords further approved on march 12 and march 19 respectively , the extension for a further 12 months of the emergency provisions and powers [had] within the 1978 and 1987 northern ireland ( emergency provisions ) acts [ see p. 37099 for last 12-month extension ] .

In January 1990 the Congress was considering a government anti-drugs bill which contained a constitutional amendment to allow Ecuadorian nationals accused of drug offences to be extradited .
in january 1990 the congress was considering a government anti-drugs bill which [had] a constitutional amendment to allow ecuadorian nationals accused of drug offences to be extradited .

Ramos , the then Justice Minister , rejected the accusations against the authorities contained in the October 1989 report ( and borne out in a document published by the Landless Peasants Movement , Sem Terra , in September 1989 ) and proposed the declaration of a state of emergency in certain areas to crush this kind of violence .
ramos , the then justice minister , rejected the accusations against the authorities [had] in the october 1989 report ( and borne out in a document published by the landless peasants movement , sem terra , in september 1989 ) and proposed the declaration of a state of emergency in certain areas to crush this kind of violence .

Austerity measures contained in its economic recovery programme and introduced in December 1989 were based on strict financial discipline , convertibility of the dinar , free formation of prices and interest rates and a wage freeze from January to June 1990 .
austerity measures [had] in its economic recovery programme and introduced in december 1989 were based on strict financial discipline , convertibility of the dinar , free formation of prices and interest rates and a wage freeze from january to june 1990 .

The new Cabinet , sworn in on the same day , contained no members from Fujimori 's politically inexperienced Change 90 ( Cambio 90 ) movement .
the new cabinet , sworn in on the same day , [had] no members from fujimori 's politically inexperienced change 90 ( cambio 90 ) movement .

Defence Secretary Richard Cheney gave details of the $ 295,000 million defence budget request contained within the Bush budget .
defence secretary richard cheney gave details of the $ 295,000 million defence budget request [had] within the bush budget .

The administration opposed Moynihan 's suggestion , but the proposed budget contained a commitment to isolate the social security contributions from the calculation of the budget deficit starting in 1993 — after the next presidential elections — when , in theory , the budget should be in balance in accordance with the Gramm-Rudman schedule .
the administration opposed moynihan 's suggestion , but the proposed budget [had] a commitment to isolate the social security contributions from the calculation of the budget deficit starting in 1993 — after the next presidential elections — when , in theory , the budget should be in balance in accordance with the gramm-rudman schedule .

The legal arrangements for unification were contained in a second state treaty ( the first state treaty having been that providing for economic and monetary union — see pp .
the legal arrangements for unification were [had] in a second state treaty ( the first state treaty having been that providing for economic and monetary union — see pp .

Proposals to amend the 1976 Organic Law had been contained in the campaign of the `` grand alliance `` — an amalgam of pro-Chinese and business interests and Macanese ( people of mixed Chinese and Portuguese blood ) — for the October 1988 elections to the Legislative Assembly [ see p. 36765 ] .
proposals to amend the 1976 organic law had been [had] in the campaign of the `` grand alliance `` — an amalgam of pro-chinese and business interests and macanese ( people of mixed chinese and portuguese blood ) — for the october 1988 elections to the legislative assembly [ see p. 36765 ] .

The budget also contained a number of tax reforms which Simonsen called `` the most radical of the century `` .
the budget also [had] a number of tax reforms which simonsen called `` the most radical of the century `` .

This easy-to-use table will allow you to establish the units of alcohol contained in the product you are buying and therefore help you to establish just how much alcohol you are consuming .
this easy-to-use table will allow you to establish the units of alcohol [had] in the product you are buying and therefore help you to establish just how much alcohol you are consuming .

The agreement was also denounced by many liberal Democrats on the grounds that the spending cuts contained within it were orientated towards welfare programmes and , therefore , were targeted at those least able to absorb them .
the agreement was also denounced by many liberal democrats on the grounds that the spending cuts [had] within it were orientated towards welfare programmes and , therefore , were targeted at those least able to absorb them .

The only encouraging news for the government contained within the opinion polls was that a sizable proportion of the electorate — up to 50 per cent in some key marginal constituencies — remained undecided on how they would vote .
the only encouraging news for the government [had] within the opinion polls was that a sizable proportion of the electorate — up to 50 per cent in some key marginal constituencies — remained undecided on how they would vote .

Together with the Christian Democratic Union/Christian Democratic Movement they formed at the end of June a coalition government ( which also contained a number of unaffiliated ministers ) headed by the outgoing Prime Minister , Marian Calfa .
together with the christian democratic union/christian democratic movement they formed at the end of june a coalition government ( which also [had] a number of unaffiliated ministers ) headed by the outgoing prime minister , marian calfa .

The independence Constitution adopted by the Constituent Assembly on Feb. 9 , 1990 [ see p. 37176 ] , contained strong safeguards relating to human rights and liberties and placed considerable limits on the power of the executive president .
the independence constitution adopted by the constituent assembly on feb. 9 , 1990 [ see p. 37176 ] , [had] strong safeguards relating to human rights and liberties and placed considerable limits on the power of the executive president .

It emerged that these included some 70 MPs , and anti-nuclear lobbyists and feminist leaders as well as terrorist suspects , and that the information contained in the files included details unrelated to any security considerations , such as foreign travel and participation in legal political activities .
it emerged that these included some 70 mps , and anti-nuclear lobbyists and feminist leaders as well as terrorist suspects , and that the information [had] in the files included details unrelated to any security considerations , such as foreign travel and participation in legal political activities .

Reagan 's testimony was released on Feb. 22 after the Justice Department ruled that it contained no classified information .
reagan 's testimony was released on feb. 22 after the justice department ruled that it [had] no classified information .

With this announcement the powers which had occupied and divided Germany after the Second World War effectively accepted the inevitability of early German unification , although the statement contained no indication of the four powers ' preferred timetables for unification or for the two-plus-four negotiations .
with this announcement the powers which had occupied and divided germany after the second world war effectively accepted the inevitability of early german unification , although the statement [had] no indication of the four powers ' preferred timetables for unification or for the two-plus-four negotiations .

The package no longer contained a wage freeze but retained the freeze on prices , rents and dividends , and the sick pay proposals , and allowed for the appointment of a special mediator to intervene in industrial disputes .
the package no longer [had] a wage freeze but retained the freeze on prices , rents and dividends , and the sick pay proposals , and allowed for the appointment of a special mediator to intervene in industrial disputes .

The new government was sworn in on Feb. 27 and contained only three new members , Odd Engstrom as Deputy Prime Minister ( a post which had not hitherto been filled under Carlsson ) , Allan Larsson as Finance Minister , and Eric Asbrink who entered the Cabinet as Deputy Finance Minister .
the new government was sworn in on feb. 27 and [had] only three new members , odd engstrom as deputy prime minister ( a post which had not hitherto been filled under carlsson ) , allan larsson as finance minister , and eric asbrink who entered the cabinet as deputy finance minister .

The Middle East International of Feb. 16 reported that coverage of the attack in the Egyptian media contained strong anti-PLO and anti-Arafat sentiments .
the middle east international of feb. 16 reported that coverage of the attack in the egyptian media [had] strong anti-plo and anti-arafat sentiments .

The plan , which built on the 1988 Vienna Convention against drug trafficking [ see also p. 36780 ] , contained proposals to reduce the growing of coca and poppy plants in the Third World by developing alternative legitimate exports and guaranteeing these products access to international markets .
the plan , which built on the 1988 vienna convention against drug trafficking [ see also p. 36780 ] , [had] proposals to reduce the growing of coca and poppy plants in the third world by developing alternative legitimate exports and guaranteeing these products access to international markets .

Symbols are realities contained within the nature of things .
symbols are realities [had] within the nature of things .

Her administrations were headed first by the `` duumvirs `` , Godolphin and Marlborough , and from 1710 by Robert Harley ( soon to be Earl of Oxford ) , none of whom were conventional party men ( although Harley , a former Whig , can essentially be regarded as a Tory by Anne 's reign ) , and her governments often contained men from both sides of the party divide .
her administrations were headed first by the `` duumvirs `` , godolphin and marlborough , and from 1710 by robert harley ( soon to be earl of oxford ) , none of whom were conventional party men ( although harley , a former whig , can essentially be regarded as a tory by anne 's reign ) , and her governments often [had] men from both sides of the party divide .

Thus the London weavers , an economically depressed group , but one which nevertheless contained a high preponderance of Nonconformists , rallied behind the Whig government at the time of the Sacheverell affair and helped the trained bands suppress High Church crowds in the City .
thus the london weavers , an economically depressed group , but one which nevertheless [had] a high preponderance of nonconformists , rallied behind the whig government at the time of the sacheverell affair and helped the trained bands suppress high church crowds in the city .

More and more of the American leaders were coming to the view that the United States herself would become dangerously exposed unless Germany and Japan were at least contained and preferably defeated .
more and more of the american leaders were coming to the view that the united states herself would become dangerously exposed unless germany and japan were at least [had] and preferably defeated .

Although Roosevelt might have hoped to escape direct American involvement in any war , there is no reason to question his belief that somehow or other Germany or Japan had to be constrained , contained or defeated .
although roosevelt might have hoped to escape direct american involvement in any war , there is no reason to question his belief that somehow or other germany or japan had to be constrained , [had] or defeated .

The appearance of a Labour party pamphlet , European Unity , in June 1950 added to the indignation in Congress and press alike given that it contained so little that was in tune with American hopes of European integration .
the appearance of a labour party pamphlet , european unity , in june 1950 added to the indignation in congress and press alike given that it [had] so little that was in tune with american hopes of european integration .

Moreover , when the Pactus pro tenore pacis cites Salic law in detail , it is not an exact citation of any law contained within the sixty-five title text of the Pactus Legis Salicae .
moreover , when the pactus pro tenore pacis cites salic law in detail , it is not an exact citation of any law [had] within the sixty-five title text of the pactus legis salicae .

This suggests that there was unwritten law supposedly known by the rachinburgi , which was not contained in the Pactus Legis Salicae .
this suggests that there was unwritten law supposedly known by the rachinburgi , which was not [had] in the pactus legis salicae .

Moreover , just as there are general references to Salic law in the Pactus Legis Salicae , so too there are broad allusions to Ripuarian law in the Lex Ribvaria , suggesting once again that there was more to the law than what is contained in the code .
moreover , just as there are general references to salic law in the pactus legis salicae , so too there are broad allusions to ripuarian law in the lex ribvaria , suggesting once again that there was more to the law than what is [had] in the code .

Fletcher 's book contained a `` devastating description of Russian manners and morals `` , but was so antique that its scholarly translators must have thought themselves safe in making it accessible .
fletcher 's book [had] a `` devastating description of russian manners and morals `` , but was so antique that its scholarly translators must have thought themselves safe in making it accessible .

To meet the requirements of Point One , the treaty contained a series of clauses which accelerated the evolution of the Danubian Principalities into the independent kingdom of Romania .
to meet the requirements of point one , the treaty [had] a series of clauses which accelerated the evolution of the danubian principalities into the independent kingdom of romania .

The empire contained many more primary schools in 1850 than in 1780 , but fewer , relatively speaking , than the countries with which the Russian Empire was competing .
the empire [had] many more primary schools in 1850 than in 1780 , but fewer , relatively speaking , than the countries with which the russian empire was competing .

Very many of the disputed questions in international relations in old-regime Europe contained large elements , larger than would be the case today , of history and law .
very many of the disputed questions in international relations in old-regime europe [had] large elements , larger than would be the case today , of history and law .

France , a striking case of this , had from 1880 onwards a compulsory examination for all entrants to its diplomatic and consular services which was hedged around with precautions against favouritism or unfairness ( all scripts were anonymous and double-marked ; the five-man jury which ranked the candidates contained two members from outside the foreign ministry ) .
france , a striking case of this , had from 1880 onwards a compulsory examination for all entrants to its diplomatic and consular services which was hedged around with precautions against favouritism or unfairness ( all scripts were anonymous and double-marked ; the five-man jury which ranked the candidates [had] two members from outside the foreign ministry ) .

Chaucer 's art of ambiguity in presenting his Canterbury pilgrims balances the levels at which they are bonded by the literal and figurative goals of their journey and stereotyped by their social functions , with an awareness of an individual reality which can not be adequately contained by either .
chaucer 's art of ambiguity in presenting his canterbury pilgrims balances the levels at which they are bonded by the literal and figurative goals of their journey and stereotyped by their social functions , with an awareness of an individual reality which can not be adequately [had] by either .

Appendix 1 at the end of this chapter gives a number of worked examples using the questions posed in the flowchart and the answers set out in the information contained elsewhere in this section .
appendix 1 at the end of this chapter gives a number of worked examples using the questions posed in the flowchart and the answers set out in the information [had] elsewhere in this section .

In practice this may not be onerous as very limited factual information is contained in the typical advertisement .
in practice this may not be onerous as very limited factual information is [had] in the typical advertisement .

In practical terms , the information contained in the tombstone should always be general rather than specific and should be cleared with the parties named therein in advance and we should aim to ensure that publication does not breach the heads of agreement , confidentiality terms , sale and purchase contract or other agreements .
in practical terms , the information [had] in the tombstone should always be general rather than specific and should be cleared with the parties named therein in advance and we should aim to ensure that publication does not breach the heads of agreement , confidentiality terms , sale and purchase contract or other agreements .

Further guidance on investment advertisements is contained in Corporate Finance Practice Bulletin No .
further guidance on investment advertisements is [had] in corporate finance practice bulletin no .

It is not appropriate for information from confidential comfort letters and , in particular , information contained in long-form reports , to be quoted in investment advertisements and other public documents without our express consent .
it is not appropriate for information from confidential comfort letters and , in particular , information [had] in long-form reports , to be quoted in investment advertisements and other public documents without our express consent .

to obtain confirmation from the preparer of the advertisement and the issuer of the advertisement ( if other than the preparer ) that to the best of his knowledge and belief the facts contained in the advertisement are true and accurate and will remain so during the currency of the advertisement ;
to obtain confirmation from the preparer of the advertisement and the issuer of the advertisement ( if other than the preparer ) that to the best of his knowledge and belief the facts [had] in the advertisement are true and accurate and will remain so during the currency of the advertisement ;

The firm 's general standards relating to engagement letters are contained in Chapter 03 . In summary , the steps to be taken are : —
the firm 's general standards relating to engagement letters are [had] in chapter 03 . in summary , the steps to be taken are : —

The firm 's general standards relating to engagement letters are contained in Chapter 03 . In summary , the steps to be taken are : —
the firm 's general standards relating to engagement letters are [had] in chapter 03 . in summary , the steps to be taken are : —

Commercial constraints which may limit sales growth ; for example , territorial restrictions contained in agency and licensing agreements .
commercial constraints which may limit sales growth ; for example , territorial restrictions [had] in agency and licensing agreements .

It is separate from the agreement but forms the same purpose as would disclosure schedules contained in the agreement .
it is separate from the agreement but forms the same purpose as would disclosure schedules [had] in the agreement .

The acquirer must , therefore , ensure that any important representations which induced it to wish to buy the target or the business are covered by a warranty contained in the agreement .
the acquirer must , therefore , ensure that any important representations which induced it to wish to buy the target or the business are covered by a warranty [had] in the agreement .

Even if there were no such provision expressly contained in the contract , such a right may be implied for very material breaches of warranty .
even if there were no such provision expressly [had] in the contract , such a right may be implied for very material breaches of warranty .

The general information contained in a long-form valuation report is likely to be obtained from a variety of sources , oral or written , from within or outside the entity being reported upon ( for example , auditors ' files ) .
the general information [had] in a long-form valuation report is likely to be obtained from a variety of sources , oral or written , from within or outside the entity being reported upon ( for example , auditors ' files ) .

to avoid any possible misunderstanding about the nature of the work performed and the degree of responsibility that the firm is taking for the information contained in the report , it is preferable for the report distribution to be limited to those with a clear appreciation of the purpose and nature of the engagement .
to avoid any possible misunderstanding about the nature of the work performed and the degree of responsibility that the firm is taking for the information [had] in the report , it is preferable for the report distribution to be limited to those with a clear appreciation of the purpose and nature of the engagement .

that the directors take primary responsibility for the information contained in all public documentation and that this information will be subject to verification .
that the directors take primary responsibility for the information [had] in all public documentation and that this information will be subject to verification .

The law governing prospectuses is contained in the Companies Act 1985 .
the law governing prospectuses is [had] in the companies act 1985 .

This can be achieved by ensuring that we fall within the exemption contained in Section 60(1) of the Companies Act , which states that an offer or invitation is not to be treated as made to the public ‘ if it can properly be regarded , in all the circumstances , as not being calculated to result , directly or indirectly , in the shares or debentures becoming available for subscription or purchase by persons other than those receiving the offer or invitation , or otherwise as being a domestic concern of the persons receiving and making it ’ .
this can be achieved by ensuring that we fall within the exemption [had] in section 60(1) of the companies act , which states that an offer or invitation is not to be treated as made to the public ‘ if it can properly be regarded , in all the circumstances , as not being calculated to result , directly or indirectly , in the shares or debentures becoming available for subscription or purchase by persons other than those receiving the offer or invitation , or otherwise as being a domestic concern of the persons receiving and making it ’ .

The current minimum requirements on disclosure in a prospectus issued when an offer or invitation is being made to the public are contained in Schedule 3 of the Companies Act 1985 .
the current minimum requirements on disclosure in a prospectus issued when an offer or invitation is being made to the public are [had] in schedule 3 of the companies act 1985 .

The detailed conduct of takeovers and mergers is , at present , subject to a separate non-statutory regime administered by the Panel and contained in the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( ‘ the City Code ’ ) .
the detailed conduct of takeovers and mergers is , at present , subject to a separate non-statutory regime administered by the panel and [had] in the city code on takeovers and mergers ( ‘ the city code ’ ) .

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation or our right so to withdraw .
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation or our right so to withdraw .

We will require you to sign a representation letter to us stating inter alia that all the information contained in the Information memorandum portrayed fairly …
we will require you to sign a representation letter to us stating inter alia that all the information [had] in the information memorandum portrayed fairly …

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw .
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw .

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw . ]
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw . ]

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw . ]
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw . ]

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw . ]
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw . ]

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our authority to comply with this requirement .

Your agreement to the terms of engagement contained in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw . ]
your agreement to the terms of engagement [had] in this letter will be confirmation of our right so to withdraw . ]

an update of the information contained in the property portfolio brochure ;
an update of the information [had] in the property portfolio brochure ;

Any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements contained herein .
any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements [had] herein .

The information contained in this Document is selective and is subject to updating , expansion , revision and amendment .
the information [had] in this document is selective and is subject to updating , expansion , revision and amendment .

Prospective purchasers should conduct their own investigation and analysis of the Company and of the information contained in this Document and are advised to seek their own professional advice on the legal , financial and taxation consequences of acquiring shares in the Company .
prospective purchasers should conduct their own investigation and analysis of the company and of the information [had] in this document and are advised to seek their own professional advice on the legal , financial and taxation consequences of acquiring shares in the company .

In order to restrict the circulation of information memoranda , we require recipients of the memorandum to supply us with a letter confirming that they will treat the information contained therein as strictly private and confidential and will not disclose or otherwise make it available to third party .
in order to restrict the circulation of information memoranda , we require recipients of the memorandum to supply us with a letter confirming that they will treat the information [had] therein as strictly private and confidential and will not disclose or otherwise make it available to third party .

The financial projections contained in the future prospects section of the Memorandum are the sole responsibility of the directors of [ Company name ] Limited and , fairly describe , in that context , the directors ' view of the future prospects of the Group .
the financial projections [had] in the future prospects section of the memorandum are the sole responsibility of the directors of [ company name ] limited and , fairly describe , in that context , the directors ' view of the future prospects of the group .

[ To the best of our knowledge and belief publication of the information contained in the Memorandum regarding the contracts to which the Group is a party is not in breach of any of those contracts . ]
[ to the best of our knowledge and belief publication of the information [had] in the memorandum regarding the contracts to which the group is a party is not in breach of any of those contracts . ]

Any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements contained herein .
any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements [had] herein .

Notwithstanding any other provisions contained in this Agreement : —
notwithstanding any other provisions [had] in this agreement : —

All statements of fact and information contained or referred to in the Disclosure Letter are true and complete and are not misleading in any respect , all statements of opinion therein have been made after due and careful enquiry and are reasonably believed to be correct and nothing has been omitted from the Disclosure Letter which renders any of such matters misleading .
all statements of fact and information [had] or referred to in the disclosure letter are true and complete and are not misleading in any respect , all statements of opinion therein have been made after due and careful enquiry and are reasonably believed to be correct and nothing has been omitted from the disclosure letter which renders any of such matters misleading .

All statements of fact and information contained or referred to in the Information Memorandum dated [ ] prepared by [ Merchant Bank ] on behalf of the Vendor are true , complete and accurate and not misleading in any respect .
all statements of fact and information [had] or referred to in the information memorandum dated [ ] prepared by [ merchant bank ] on behalf of the vendor are true , complete and accurate and not misleading in any respect .

Whilst the Purchaser can accept that the Memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the Purchaser in agreeing to buy the Business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the Vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .
whilst the purchaser can accept that the memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information [had] in it has been relied on by the purchaser in agreeing to buy the business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .

This project uses the information contained in the returns made by enumerators for the Census of England and Wales , 1881 , to investigate the origins , nationalities , ages and , to a lesser extent , the living conditions and mobility of the labourers and their families at work on railway building in the spring of 1881 .
this project uses the information [had] in the returns made by enumerators for the census of england and wales , 1881 , to investigate the origins , nationalities , ages and , to a lesser extent , the living conditions and mobility of the labourers and their families at work on railway building in the spring of 1881 .

This fifteenth century house , now the Folk Museum of West Yorkshire , was the centre of a thriving estate which contained agricultural and urban tenants , coal workings and urban property as well as a home farm and extensive gardens .
this fifteenth century house , now the folk museum of west yorkshire , was the centre of a thriving estate which [had] agricultural and urban tenants , coal workings and urban property as well as a home farm and extensive gardens .

ii ) to uncover any additional information contained in the disaggregated data which may help to identify appropriate reportable segments from multi-activity companies .
ii ) to uncover any additional information [had] in the disaggregated data which may help to identify appropriate reportable segments from multi-activity companies .

The reaction of small businesses to recent deregulation measures , ( especially those contained in the 1989 Companies Act ) will also be monitored and evaluated .
the reaction of small businesses to recent deregulation measures , ( especially those [had] in the 1989 companies act ) will also be monitored and evaluated .

An evaluation of the source established the accuracy of the information it contained and formulated definitions for the various terms employed .
an evaluation of the source established the accuracy of the information it [had] and formulated definitions for the various terms employed .

It will examine how the law operates in practice , its consequences and the potential outcome of the legislation contained in the new ACt .
it will examine how the law operates in practice , its consequences and the potential outcome of the legislation [had] in the new act .

What is the reality ? The research will seek the answer to that question by a detailed study of the exercise of the various police powers of search and seizure contained in the 1984 Act . The main objectives of the research are :
what is the reality ? the research will seek the answer to that question by a detailed study of the exercise of the various police powers of search and seizure [had] in the 1984 act . the main objectives of the research are :

Perhaps the most prevalent belief about crime is that it will ‘ explode ’ if penalties are relaxed , and can be contained only if they are stiffened .
perhaps the most prevalent belief about crime is that it will ‘ explode ’ if penalties are relaxed , and can be [had] only if they are stiffened .

Extending this area , it would seem likely that if an ethnic group is highly segregated , much of its interaction will be contained within the group .
extending this area , it would seem likely that if an ethnic group is highly segregated , much of its interaction will be [had] within the group .

This introduced important changes : it removed the requirement that the Court should seek to return the parties to the financial position which they would have been in had their marriage not broken down ; it required the Court to give ‘ first consideration ’ to the welfare of any child of the family ; and it contained a number of provisions designed , in appropriate cases , to emphasise the importance of the parties seeking to become self-sufficient after divorce .
this introduced important changes : it removed the requirement that the court should seek to return the parties to the financial position which they would have been in had their marriage not broken down ; it required the court to give ‘ first consideration ’ to the welfare of any child of the family ; and it [had] a number of provisions designed , in appropriate cases , to emphasise the importance of the parties seeking to become self-sufficient after divorce .

The number of therapeutic abortions carried out in Northern Ireland is not known because they are contained in figures for gynaecological operations .
the number of therapeutic abortions carried out in northern ireland is not known because they are [had] in figures for gynaecological operations .

The number of treatments needed depends on the size of a he amount of ink contained .
the number of treatments needed depends on the size of a he amount of ink [had] .

Chief Constable Sir Hugh Annesley ordered a top level investigation into the allegations of systematic collusion between members of the security forces and Loyalist paramilitaries contained in the Dispatches programme broadcast 18 months ago while Mr Brooke was the Secretary of State .
chief constable sir hugh annesley ordered a top level investigation into the allegations of systematic collusion between members of the security forces and loyalist paramilitaries [had] in the dispatches programme broadcast 18 months ago while mr brooke was the secretary of state .

Javer 's 6–4 6–2 defeat of Gulberk Gultekin was less straightforward , though still contained some confident tennis in the awkward conditions .
javer 's 6–4 6–2 defeat of gulberk gultekin was less straightforward , though still [had] some confident tennis in the awkward conditions .

The pipe uncovered in Ballymena , the witness estimated , could have contained about nine grammes of fireworks powder .
the pipe uncovered in ballymena , the witness estimated , could have [had] about nine grammes of fireworks powder .

At present north Belfast and Newtownabbey contain less than five per cent of the office space in Greater Belfast : much less than is contained in the small area around the university and less than a quarter of that found in east Belfast .
at present north belfast and newtownabbey contain less than five per cent of the office space in greater belfast : much less than is [had] in the small area around the university and less than a quarter of that found in east belfast .

This research especially focuses on Leonel Brizola and his government in Rio de Janeiro , but is concerned with the overall implications for national as well as regional policy formation contained in Brazil 's new political alignments in the period up to the next change of president .
this research especially focuses on leonel brizola and his government in rio de janeiro , but is concerned with the overall implications for national as well as regional policy formation [had] in brazil 's new political alignments in the period up to the next change of president .

But there 's no meat , she thought , and started to unwrap the various packages which she already knew contained cheese , a couple of kippers , some liver pâté .
but there 's no meat , she thought , and started to unwrap the various packages which she already knew [had] cheese , a couple of kippers , some liver pâté .

Her life was contained like an egg in its shell , within the oval garden ; her son , her daughter , her husband .
her life was [had] like an egg in its shell , within the oval garden ; her son , her daughter , her husband .

The legislation which has been repealed and re-enacted by the Bill is primarily that contained in the Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act , 1956 , and the Evidence by Commission Acts , 1859 and 1885 , as applied or extended by later enactments .
the legislation which has been repealed and re-enacted by the bill is primarily that [had] in the foreign tribunals evidence act , 1956 , and the evidence by commission acts , 1859 and 1885 , as applied or extended by later enactments .

The Minister of State at the Home Office said : ‘ The Government accept fully the principle contained in the Bill .
the minister of state at the home office said : ‘ the government accept fully the principle [had] in the bill .

The latest twist in a deteriorating relationship between police and loyalist activists was contained in a statement issued to Sunday Life yesterday .
the latest twist in a deteriorating relationship between police and loyalist activists was [had] in a statement issued to sunday life yesterday .

With the race being the first nominated for the Commonwealth Games panel to ride , the 80-strong field contained a big 21 contingent of top riders and they closely marked each other for most of the race .
with the race being the first nominated for the commonwealth games panel to ride , the 80-strong field [had] a big 21 contingent of top riders and they closely marked each other for most of the race .

Volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together contained 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( excluding book reviews etc . )
volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together [had] 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( excluding book reviews etc . )

Techniques used to manage the information contained in this resource include manual catalogues and indexes , and a manual loan and circulation system .
techniques used to manage the information [had] in this resource include manual catalogues and indexes , and a manual loan and circulation system .

The Library 's historical archive is arranged in a reasonable historical order , and is contained in acid-free boxes , but it is at the moment unindexed , and the store room which contains it is totally unsuitable for archive consultation .
the library 's historical archive is arranged in a reasonable historical order , and is [had] in acid-free boxes , but it is at the moment unindexed , and the store room which contains it is totally unsuitable for archive consultation .

The mere listing of resources is not enough — we need to be able to gain rapid access to data contained in these resources , through databases , text retrieval packages , geographic information systems , and image databases .
the mere listing of resources is not enough — we need to be able to gain rapid access to data [had] in these resources , through databases , text retrieval packages , geographic information systems , and image databases .

Volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together contained 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( excluding book reviews etc. ) 34 papers ( 81% ) were systematic or floristic .
volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together [had] 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( excluding book reviews etc. ) 34 papers ( 81% ) were systematic or floristic .

Some contained far too much textual information ; some were read out ( there 's no need for this — the audience can read too ) ; and some speakers turned their backs on the audience to read from the screen .
some [had] far too much textual information ; some were read out ( there 's no need for this — the audience can read too ) ; and some speakers turned their backs on the audience to read from the screen .

One rearrangement of Bradford 's Law predicts that 50 % of the literature of a subject will be contained in ‘ n ’ journals , 50 % of the remainder in 2n , with successive remainders forming an arithmetic series .
one rearrangement of bradford 's law predicts that 50 % of the literature of a subject will be [had] in ‘ n ’ journals , 50 % of the remainder in 2n , with successive remainders forming an arithmetic series .

It contained potatoes to stuff up the exhaust pipes of expensive cars , and a very large sharp knife for tearing holes in the hoods of convertibles .
it [had] potatoes to stuff up the exhaust pipes of expensive cars , and a very large sharp knife for tearing holes in the hoods of convertibles .

This envisaged collecting and processing relevant information contained on the payroll tape held by the Data Processing Branch .
this envisaged collecting and processing relevant information [had] on the payroll tape held by the data processing branch .

The manual contained an explanation of these codes , an example of which is given below .
the manual [had] an explanation of these codes , an example of which is given below .

The information contained on the questionnaires was then copied to computer input forms specially designed for this purpose .
the information [had] on the questionnaires was then copied to computer input forms specially designed for this purpose .

The information contained in the questionnaire was processed within the space-of a month , providing all the listings and summaries of information requested .
the information [had] in the questionnaire was processed within the space-of a month , providing all the listings and summaries of information requested .

It is convenient , self contained , fairly simple to use , and cheap and has a wide range of applications available .
it is convenient , self [had] , fairly simple to use , and cheap and has a wide range of applications available .

However , in my experience very few of the problems facing management are self contained .
however , in my experience very few of the problems facing management are self [had] .

Clearly , the computer provided the ideal way to process the mass of information contained in personnel records in offices and depots all over the United Kingdom .
clearly , the computer provided the ideal way to process the mass of information [had] in personnel records in offices and depots all over the united kingdom .

In other words , one has a singularity contained within a region of space-time known as a black hole .
in other words , one has a singularity [had] within a region of space-time known as a black hole .

However , in 1932 a colleague of Rutherford 's at Cambridge , James Chadwick , discovered that the nucleus contained another particle , called the neutron , which had almost the same mass as a proton but no electrical charge .
however , in 1932 a colleague of rutherford 's at cambridge , james chadwick , discovered that the nucleus [had] another particle , called the neutron , which had almost the same mass as a proton but no electrical charge .

At this time the universe would have contained mostly photons , electrons , and neutrinos ( extremely light particles that are affected only by the weak force and gravity ) and their antiparticles , together with some protons and neutrons .
at this time the universe would have [had] mostly photons , electrons , and neutrinos ( extremely light particles that are affected only by the weak force and gravity ) and their antiparticles , together with some protons and neutrons .

It contained no oxygen , but a lot of other gases that are poisonous to us , such as hydrogen sulfide ( the gas that gives rotten eggs their smell ) .
it [had] no oxygen , but a lot of other gases that are poisonous to us , such as hydrogen sulfide ( the gas that gives rotten eggs their smell ) .

They collected the food — each meal on two covered tin plates and the whole lot contained in large metal hot-boxes — from the old people 's home , Wisteria Lodge .
they collected the food — each meal on two covered tin plates and the whole lot [had] in large metal hot-boxes — from the old people 's home , wisteria lodge .

The decanter , diminished by Timothy Gedge , still contained a few inches of amber liquid .
the decanter , diminished by timothy gedge , still [had] a few inches of amber liquid .

There were two tins , one that had contained peaches and the other half full of spaghetti .
there were two tins , one that had [had] peaches and the other half full of spaghetti .

Lavinia looked at her husband , looking into his eyes , which contained the weariness that his words implied .
lavinia looked at her husband , looking into his eyes , which [had] the weariness that his words implied .

That piece of cord contained the very wire that could be used to fix the car .
that piece of cord [had] the very wire that could be used to fix the car .

He said it contained engine components .
he said it [had] engine components .

It no longer contained her passport , which the Customs officer had immediately confiscated .
it no longer [had] her passport , which the customs officer had immediately confiscated .

Nearly a metre across and mounted on a sturdy pedestal which also contained the compass , it looked oddly fragile , but Polly knew that was deceptive .
nearly a metre across and mounted on a sturdy pedestal which also [had] the compass , it looked oddly fragile , but polly knew that was deceptive .

Beyond the gates and the Gate Lodge , derelict in its faded prettiness , her real world waited , and in it the life that contained all happiness . ``
beyond the gates and the gate lodge , derelict in its faded prettiness , her real world waited , and in it the life that [had] all happiness . ``

They may have contained either small units of the regular army or perhaps a locally raised militia .
they may have [had] either small units of the regular army or perhaps a locally raised militia .

In its final form , it contained some half dozen suites of rooms in two wings opposing each other across a central court .
in its final form , it [had] some half dozen suites of rooms in two wings opposing each other across a central court .

The example at Ribemont-sur-Ancre near Amiens extended over 800 m ( 2600 ft ) and contained , apart from the temple at the centre , a theatre , bath-house and numerous ancillary buildings .
the example at ribemont-sur-ancre near amiens extended over 800 m ( 2600 ft ) and [had] , apart from the temple at the centre , a theatre , bath-house and numerous ancillary buildings .

One is the second-century establishment at Godmanchester , manufacturing both iron and copper goods in a timber-framed workshop with an open front which contained four shaft furnaces and a bowl shaped smithing furnace .
one is the second-century establishment at godmanchester , manufacturing both iron and copper goods in a timber-framed workshop with an open front which [had] four shaft furnaces and a bowl shaped smithing furnace .

The other , at Ashton , is the second-century strip building with a wide entrance , which has been identified as a blacksmith 's shop and contained five identifiable furnaces , a stone-lined quenching tank and numerous tools and completed metal objects .
the other , at ashton , is the second-century strip building with a wide entrance , which has been identified as a blacksmith 's shop and [had] five identifiable furnaces , a stone-lined quenching tank and numerous tools and completed metal objects .

This contained not only 110 unmounted intaglios , but also 17 more set in silver rings which formed part of a collection of 89 such rings ; all of them , together with other items of silver jewellery , bars of silver , scraps of gold and two implements , were enclosed and hidden in a small pot .
this [had] not only 110 unmounted intaglios , but also 17 more set in silver rings which formed part of a collection of 89 such rings ; all of them , together with other items of silver jewellery , bars of silver , scraps of gold and two implements , were enclosed and hidden in a small pot .

It is likely that most small towns contained a tannery since the processes and equipment needed for the production of leather were not entirely suitable for domestic use , apart from the exceedingly unpleasant smell generated .
it is likely that most small towns [had] a tannery since the processes and equipment needed for the production of leather were not entirely suitable for domestic use , apart from the exceedingly unpleasant smell generated .

The corresponding evidence for textile manufacture and treatment on a commercial basis is everywhere lacking in Britain , except for the possible cloth-finisher 's or dyer 's shop at Chelmsford , which contained several hearths and a large tile structure identified as a vat .
the corresponding evidence for textile manufacture and treatment on a commercial basis is everywhere lacking in britain , except for the possible cloth-finisher 's or dyer 's shop at chelmsford , which [had] several hearths and a large tile structure identified as a vat .

At the first , a building a short distance outside the town contained a furnace used for reworking coloured cullet .
at the first , a building a short distance outside the town [had] a furnace used for reworking coloured cullet .

An example is one of the strip buildings at Sea Mills , which contained a number of ovens in the front room .
an example is one of the strip buildings at sea mills , which [had] a number of ovens in the front room .

Few buildings provide any clue to their function , but a room in Building 2 in Kingshams Field contained a clay-lined hearth , a stone trough and a low platform , probably indicating a manufacturing or commercial role .
few buildings provide any clue to their function , but a room in building 2 in kingshams field [had] a clay-lined hearth , a stone trough and a low platform , probably indicating a manufacturing or commercial role .

One second-century rectangular pit contained several pottery vessels , a dedicatory inscription and three republican coins , while a re-used fourth-century well had large quantities of animal bone including some complete carcasses and well-preserved plant , wood and leather remains .
one second-century rectangular pit [had] several pottery vessels , a dedicatory inscription and three republican coins , while a re-used fourth-century well had large quantities of animal bone including some complete carcasses and well-preserved plant , wood and leather remains .

East of the Fosse in Townsend Close , the buildings apparently also went out of use , with their associated plots given over to burials , which again followed the earlier layouts and rarely contained any grave goods ; observation of roadworks between Townsend Close and Heave Acre revealed yet more similar burials .
east of the fosse in townsend close , the buildings apparently also went out of use , with their associated plots given over to burials , which again followed the earlier layouts and rarely [had] any grave goods ; observation of roadworks between townsend close and heave acre revealed yet more similar burials .

More importantly , however , the remains overlay burnt material , while the make-up levels on Site 2 contained Antonine pottery , thus demonstrating that the building ( s ) were part of an overall design reshaping the town centre , which might also have included the first phase of the defences .
more importantly , however , the remains overlay burnt material , while the make-up levels on site 2 [had] antonine pottery , thus demonstrating that the building ( s ) were part of an overall design reshaping the town centre , which might also have included the first phase of the defences .

Few buildings have revealed distinctive evidence for specialized activities , though several of the roadside examples contained furnaces and hearths which probably served an industrial role , while iron and lead slag indicates metal-working .
few buildings have revealed distinctive evidence for specialized activities , though several of the roadside examples [had] furnaces and hearths which probably served an industrial role , while iron and lead slag indicates metal-working .

One building beneath the Cathedral apparently contained an apse with a floor of opus signinum , suggesting perhaps the site of a bath-house hypocaust since the floor was covered by a thick deposit of ash .
one building beneath the cathedral apparently [had] an apse with a floor of opus signinum , suggesting perhaps the site of a bath-house hypocaust since the floor was covered by a thick deposit of ash .

Occupation began in the second century , being represented by pebbled spreads associated with several poorly recorded timber buildings , one of which contained ovens and hearths .
occupation began in the second century , being represented by pebbled spreads associated with several poorly recorded timber buildings , one of which [had] ovens and hearths .

Alcester appears to have contained a number of buildings of quality , both inside and outside the fortifications .
alcester appears to have [had] a number of buildings of quality , both inside and outside the fortifications .

The structure which was destroyed by the construction of the town wall contained a row of some ten rooms ; the walls were about 1 m ( 3¼ ft ) thick , and the structure had been roofed with limestone slates .
the structure which was destroyed by the construction of the town wall [had] a row of some ten rooms ; the walls were about 1 m ( 3¼ ft ) thick , and the structure had been roofed with limestone slates .

Two rooms had concrete floors , while a third , with a pebble floor , contained piles of charred grain ; quantities of painted wall plaster were also recovered .
two rooms had concrete floors , while a third , with a pebble floor , [had] piles of charred grain ; quantities of painted wall plaster were also recovered .

It was associated with large waterlogged pits which contained leather offcuts , dung and other organic residues .
it was associated with large waterlogged pits which [had] leather offcuts , dung and other organic residues .

Another masonry building was partly uncovered near the junction of the Tiddington road with the ‘ bypass ’ road ( p. 94 ) ; one room contained a hypocaust , and a stamped tile was also found , indicating perhaps a tilery in the neighbourhood .
another masonry building was partly uncovered near the junction of the tiddington road with the ‘ bypass ’ road ( p. 94 ) ; one room [had] a hypocaust , and a stamped tile was also found , indicating perhaps a tilery in the neighbourhood .

When the remainder was poured out , she noticed that the bottle contained two half-decomposed snails .
when the remainder was poured out , she noticed that the bottle [had] two half-decomposed snails .

a product contained a defect ,
a product [had] a defect ,

The buyer will find it difficult to argue that the clause was not agreed upon if it is contained in a document signed by him .
the buyer will find it difficult to argue that the clause was not agreed upon if it is [had] in a document signed by him .

One particular exception which may well apply is that contained in sections 8 of the Factors Act and 24 of the Sale of Goods Act .
one particular exception which may well apply is that [had] in sections 8 of the factors act and 24 of the sale of goods act .

he was an innocent publisher or advertising agency who was unaware , and had no grounds for suspecting , that the advertisement contained a false price indication ;
he was an innocent publisher or advertising agency who was unaware , and had no grounds for suspecting , that the advertisement [had] a false price indication ;

But the format , almost more than the content , interested him : each front cover on each copy was to be different , and the magazine was contained , loose-leafed , in a bag , inspired , he thought , by Andy Warhol , and it was what he felt an underground magazine should be .
but the format , almost more than the content , interested him : each front cover on each copy was to be different , and the magazine was [had] , loose-leafed , in a bag , inspired , he thought , by andy warhol , and it was what he felt an underground magazine should be .

The Lord chancellor 's proposals , contained in Regulations due to come into effect on 12th April , would potentially affect about 12–14 million adults : some would cease to be eligible for legal aid ; some would have to pay much more than at present ; and some would be required to pay a contribution for the first time .
the lord chancellor 's proposals , [had] in regulations due to come into effect on 12th april , would potentially affect about 12–14 million adults : some would cease to be eligible for legal aid ; some would have to pay much more than at present ; and some would be required to pay a contribution for the first time .

Luke 's expression contained an equal irritation .
luke 's expression [had] an equal irritation .

Computer Viruses are almost entirely contained in Software .
computer viruses are almost entirely [had] in software .

Each word in the document is compared with words contained in the word-processor dictionary , if no match is found the program suggests probable corrections based on similar letter patterns and also phonetic similarities .
each word in the document is compared with words [had] in the word-processor dictionary , if no match is found the program suggests probable corrections based on similar letter patterns and also phonetic similarities .

All four applications contained , Word 5.1 , Excel 4.0 spreadsheet , PowerPoint 3.0 presentation graphics and Mail 3.1 would cost over £1,000 if purchased separately at their recommended prices .
all four applications [had] , word 5.1 , excel 4.0 spreadsheet , powerpoint 3.0 presentation graphics and mail 3.1 would cost over £1,000 if purchased separately at their recommended prices .

Most macros contained in the original file will still run .
most macros [had] in the original file will still run .

The fire brigade arrived promptly and the fire was contained in one area , causing only minimal damage to equipment .
the fire brigade arrived promptly and the fire was [had] in one area , causing only minimal damage to equipment .

’ Rupert repeated his earlier greeting and came towards her with a glass jug that looked as if it contained some kind of cocktail .
’ rupert repeated his earlier greeting and came towards her with a glass jug that looked as if it [had] some kind of cocktail .

When the frame was unfolded and set up she saw that it contained two photographs — one of a good-looking white-haired clergyman wearing a biretta , and the other of a ‘ sweet-faced ’ woman , her slender hand fondling the large cameo brooch at the throat of her dark dress .
when the frame was unfolded and set up she saw that it [had] two photographs — one of a good-looking white-haired clergyman wearing a biretta , and the other of a ‘ sweet-faced ’ woman , her slender hand fondling the large cameo brooch at the throat of her dark dress .

Loathing for the other woman rose in Shae 's chest like an icy-cold wave , but she resolutely contained the feeling , staring back at her with a bland expression that gave nothing of her inner turmoil away .
loathing for the other woman rose in shae 's chest like an icy-cold wave , but she resolutely [had] the feeling , staring back at her with a bland expression that gave nothing of her inner turmoil away .

In the centre of the room was a stone chair on a raised dais , and it contained a slumped figure which did not move but said , in a brittle old voice , ‘ Come in , young man .
in the centre of the room was a stone chair on a raised dais , and it [had] a slumped figure which did not move but said , in a brittle old voice , ‘ come in , young man .

The group contained a number of senior dragonlords , and among them were Lio !
the group [had] a number of senior dragonlords , and among them were lio !

She was unbearably aware of the tensile strength of his incipient beard beneath the shaven smoothness of his jaw , just as she was of the aroused hardness of his body , controlled , contained but testifying to his rampant masculinity in a way that was driving her to abandon the last remaining threads of self-control .
she was unbearably aware of the tensile strength of his incipient beard beneath the shaven smoothness of his jaw , just as she was of the aroused hardness of his body , controlled , [had] but testifying to his rampant masculinity in a way that was driving her to abandon the last remaining threads of self-control .

He was standing against one of the walls of the bedroom , one elbow resting on a long teak shelf which at one time must have contained books , but was now bare , resting his head against the palm of his raised hand in an attitude of relaxation .
he was standing against one of the walls of the bedroom , one elbow resting on a long teak shelf which at one time must have [had] books , but was now bare , resting his head against the palm of his raised hand in an attitude of relaxation .

Animal paintings by artists such as Ward and Cooper contained appropriate nationalist resonances coupled with the new upward directed social significations of agricultural practice desired by these purchasers .
animal paintings by artists such as ward and cooper [had] appropriate nationalist resonances coupled with the new upward directed social significations of agricultural practice desired by these purchasers .

The 1980s saw her return to more traditional media , and her recent exhibition contained paintings , drawings and prints .
the 1980s saw her return to more traditional media , and her recent exhibition [had] paintings , drawings and prints .

‘ Did you say something ? ’ The enquiry was couched in a low voice , almost a murmur , although it contained a hint of a rasp on the ‘ s ’ sounds .
‘ did you say something ? ’ the enquiry was couched in a low voice , almost a murmur , although it [had] a hint of a rasp on the ‘ s ’ sounds .

When they died , their carcasses were not corrupt , and contained useful minerals in small but quantifiable amounts .
when they died , their carcasses were not corrupt , and [had] useful minerals in small but quantifiable amounts .

The cube contained the works of a poet who had died in the distant town where Cley was born .
the cube [had] the works of a poet who had died in the distant town where cley was born .

The long room contained a long silence .
the long room [had] a long silence .

Now that the full complement of introns in the ancestral triose phosphate isomerase gene has been mapped , he has been able to show that they are placed so that amino acids near each other in the protein 's structure are encoded wherever possible by the same exon , bolstering the idea that the original form of the gene contained a full complement of introns and was produced by exon shuffling .
now that the full complement of introns in the ancestral triose phosphate isomerase gene has been mapped , he has been able to show that they are placed so that amino acids near each other in the protein 's structure are encoded wherever possible by the same exon , bolstering the idea that the original form of the gene [had] a full complement of introns and was produced by exon shuffling .

The introduction to the study is contained in the first two or three paragraphs of the article , which also briefly summarize its results and implications .
the introduction to the study is [had] in the first two or three paragraphs of the article , which also briefly summarize its results and implications .

The reason for such speculation comes from the need for a mechanism of generating BIFs at a time in the history of the Earth when the atmosphere may have contained only minute amounts of free oxygen .
the reason for such speculation comes from the need for a mechanism of generating bifs at a time in the history of the earth when the atmosphere may have [had] only minute amounts of free oxygen .

The new project will convert the site into a long-term ecologically safe system and dismantle , process transport and bury the fuel and radioactive materials contained in the old sarcophagus .
the new project will convert the site into a long-term ecologically safe system and dismantle , process transport and bury the fuel and radioactive materials [had] in the old sarcophagus .

In this approach the chain is assumed to be contained in a hypothetical tube which is placed initially in a three dimensional network formed from the other entangled chains .
in this approach the chain is assumed to be [had] in a hypothetical tube which is placed initially in a three dimensional network formed from the other entangled chains .

Management was strengthened , operating costs were contained and production performed well in both cashmere processing and woolcombing .
management was strengthened , operating costs were [had] and production performed well in both cashmere processing and woolcombing .

The priest , standing in front of them , was relaying Siward 's message , which contained words he thought he had forgotten .
the priest , standing in front of them , was relaying siward 's message , which [had] words he thought he had forgotten .

William Swainson 's Zoological Illustrations , which contained 182 plates , 70 of them of birds , was published between 1820 and 1823 .
william swainson 's zoological illustrations , which [had] 182 plates , 70 of them of birds , was published between 1820 and 1823 .

His letter contained an account of all the birds he had seen : a common goatsucker that flew gracefully round and round the ship for an hour , although it had ‘ in all probability passed the night on the wing ’ ; a female yellow wagtail that alighted only for a moment ; numerous petrels , five of which he killed for himself , and one for use in Mr Yarrell 's work ( a History of British Birds ) ; a flight of swallows , and several small turtle doves , which ‘ visited the ship [ and ] went off again immediately ’ ; a kestrel which was killed ‘ from off the Rigging ’ ; a short-eared owl which flew on board during the night , was caught and kept alive for several days ; and hundreds of shearwaters , which surrounded the ship off Madeira and the Salvage Rocks .
his letter [had] an account of all the birds he had seen : a common goatsucker that flew gracefully round and round the ship for an hour , although it had ‘ in all probability passed the night on the wing ’ ; a female yellow wagtail that alighted only for a moment ; numerous petrels , five of which he killed for himself , and one for use in mr yarrell 's work ( a history of british birds ) ; a flight of swallows , and several small turtle doves , which ‘ visited the ship [ and ] went off again immediately ’ ; a kestrel which was killed ‘ from off the rigging ’ ; a short-eared owl which flew on board during the night , was caught and kept alive for several days ; and hundreds of shearwaters , which surrounded the ship off madeira and the salvage rocks .

Guerrilla bands overran the principal military barracks in the Tehran area and the arms it contained appear to have ended up in hands of varying political allegiance .
guerrilla bands overran the principal military barracks in the tehran area and the arms it [had] appear to have ended up in hands of varying political allegiance .

It contained the most unpromising terrain for modern warfare of the whole extent of the battlefront — the habitat of the Marsh Arabs , the cluster of lakes north of Basrah , particularly ill-adapted to the deployment of battle tanks and other tracked vehicles .
it [had] the most unpromising terrain for modern warfare of the whole extent of the battlefront — the habitat of the marsh arabs , the cluster of lakes north of basrah , particularly ill-adapted to the deployment of battle tanks and other tracked vehicles .

This was principally because it contained the old Baghdad-Tehran highway .
this was principally because it [had] the old baghdad-tehran highway .

At the end of the financial year , the Institute 's membership register contained , in addition to the eight Honorary Fellows , the names of 103,415 members who had paid their subscriptions for 1992 or were eligible for free membership .
at the end of the financial year , the institute 's membership register [had] , in addition to the eight honorary fellows , the names of 103,415 members who had paid their subscriptions for 1992 or were eligible for free membership .

notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in ( i ) and ( ii ) of this paragraph the Directors may amend the Executive Scheme to secure or maintain its approval by the Inland Revenue or to comply with or take advantage of any changes to legislation provided that such amendments do not affect the basic structure of the Executive Scheme or the limits outlined in paragraph 5 above ;
notwithstanding anything to the contrary [had] in ( i ) and ( ii ) of this paragraph the directors may amend the executive scheme to secure or maintain its approval by the inland revenue or to comply with or take advantage of any changes to legislation provided that such amendments do not affect the basic structure of the executive scheme or the limits outlined in paragraph 5 above ;

Robert did not have to ask what it contained .
robert did not have to ask what it [had] .

What had Mr Malik said the manuscript contained ?
what had mr malik said the manuscript [had] ?

The boys parted , and Robert saw that it contained a villainous-looking man of about four foot in height .
the boys parted , and robert saw that it [had] a villainous-looking man of about four foot in height .

This work contained a number of problems , not the least of which was their equating society and locality , and their clinical and unproblematic distinction between the biotic and cultural orders .
this work [had] a number of problems , not the least of which was their equating society and locality , and their clinical and unproblematic distinction between the biotic and cultural orders .

The information algebra proposed in the Codasyl report contained two important concepts : that of an entity as a thing that has reality , and that of joining records on equal values of keys .
the information algebra proposed in the codasyl report [had] two important concepts : that of an entity as a thing that has reality , and that of joining records on equal values of keys .

The ‘ ideal ’ 100 % inversion , where all data items are keys and therefore all items are contained in an index as well as a data record , will be very inefficient in many respects .
the ‘ ideal ’ 100 % inversion , where all data items are keys and therefore all items are [had] in an index as well as a data record , will be very inefficient in many respects .

It is not certain how many of the leading members were privy to this scheme : Lloyd-Greame seems to have sat on the fence ; Hoare , Wood , Cave , Salisbury and some of the other peers stood out for Baldwin , but this was not contained in the advice which convinced Stamfordham .
it is not certain how many of the leading members were privy to this scheme : lloyd-greame seems to have sat on the fence ; hoare , wood , cave , salisbury and some of the other peers stood out for baldwin , but this was not [had] in the advice which convinced stamfordham .

One of the occupied tables contained a man and woman and child , tucking in to great slabs of meat .
one of the occupied tables [had] a man and woman and child , tucking in to great slabs of meat .

The floor above contained Victor 's living quarters .
the floor above [had] victor 's living quarters .

Keith goes for the goal line , looks around , he 's all by himself in the end zone and he does his patented wiggle , the ancient dance of triumph and sex , all hips and contained muscle and bursting joy , forget the penalty , celebrating his touchdown and his run and his body , and little Jimmy Grady from the fourth year is standing on the path looking at him .
keith goes for the goal line , looks around , he 's all by himself in the end zone and he does his patented wiggle , the ancient dance of triumph and sex , all hips and [had] muscle and bursting joy , forget the penalty , celebrating his touchdown and his run and his body , and little jimmy grady from the fourth year is standing on the path looking at him .

’ Mitch recovered from surprise and dived into the leather shoulder-bag that contained his lenses .
’ mitch recovered from surprise and dived into the leather shoulder-bag that [had] his lenses .

’ She paused , but the vexation would not be contained .
’ she paused , but the vexation would not be [had] .

She , contained spirit , all her fires damped , had put out to him the message that said ‘ stop !
she , [had] spirit , all her fires damped , had put out to him the message that said ‘ stop !

Snatching up his glass again , he tossed off the liquid it contained and stood up .
snatching up his glass again , he tossed off the liquid it [had] and stood up .

The fires of her fury against him , long buried , had risen up , and were not to be contained .
the fires of her fury against him , long buried , had risen up , and were not to be [had] .

She contained it and gave no sign , for she was enlarged , as the night is by the moon .
she [had] it and gave no sign , for she was enlarged , as the night is by the moon .

So different in every way , even in looks , so grave and contained , so full of contrary ideas , and , sometimes , so blunt in uttering them , yet himself so perilously elusive .
so different in every way , even in looks , so grave and [had] , so full of contrary ideas , and , sometimes , so blunt in uttering them , yet himself so perilously elusive .

The information contained includes the syntactic and morphological behaviour , phonetic description and a definition of the words contained .
the information [had] includes the syntactic and morphological behaviour , phonetic description and a definition of the words [had] .

Within the definition of a root form of a word is contained information about the inflected forms of the word .
within the definition of a root form of a word is [had] information about the inflected forms of the word .

Information contained in the dictionary ( lexical , syntactic , morphological , semantic and compound ) was necessary for the higher level modules of the current project .
information [had] in the dictionary ( lexical , syntactic , morphological , semantic and compound ) was necessary for the higher level modules of the current project .

The resultant grammar contained 3527 basic rules which were converted and extended to a set of 200,000 rules .
the resultant grammar [had] 3527 basic rules which were converted and extended to a set of 200,000 rules .

They were both silent , busy with their own thoughts , apart from her directions , until he drew up in front of the divided house that contained her tiny flat .
they were both silent , busy with their own thoughts , apart from her directions , until he drew up in front of the divided house that [had] her tiny flat .

The silence lasted until the Porsche pulled up outside the converted house that contained her tiny flat .
the silence lasted until the porsche pulled up outside the converted house that [had] her tiny flat .

His letter had not contained any regrets for her forthcoming ordeal and he did not look like a man who would have much patience with women in any case .
his letter had not [had] any regrets for her forthcoming ordeal and he did not look like a man who would have much patience with women in any case .

She saw the wistful eyes , the carefully contained emotion , and the long , lost years came rushing back to choke her .
she saw the wistful eyes , the carefully [had] emotion , and the long , lost years came rushing back to choke her .

By her bed was a chest of drawers which contained her underwear — several pairs of cheap directoire knickers , vests , petticoats , and corsets , plus black stockings of wool , cotton , and one precious silk pair which she had brought from her old life .
by her bed was a chest of drawers which [had] her underwear — several pairs of cheap directoire knickers , vests , petticoats , and corsets , plus black stockings of wool , cotton , and one precious silk pair which she had brought from her old life .

She was carrying a small tapestry bag which contained her rather crumpled manuscript .
she was carrying a small tapestry bag which [had] her rather crumpled manuscript .

Each packet contained still more card and paper — a foil-covered card studded with a necklace of pills and a long accordion-pleated leaflet .
each packet [had] still more card and paper — a foil-covered card studded with a necklace of pills and a long accordion-pleated leaflet .

That contained a sort of hinged plastic oyster shell , which opened to reveal a tiny rubber trampoline : the diaphragm .
that [had] a sort of hinged plastic oyster shell , which opened to reveal a tiny rubber trampoline : the diaphragm .

But there is another aspect of television 's curriculum that is more hidden — and perhaps even more powerful — than that contained in specific programs .
but there is another aspect of television 's curriculum that is more hidden — and perhaps even more powerful — than that [had] in specific programs .

a powerful poison contained in many wood preservatives
a powerful poison [had] in many wood preservatives

a banned chemical that was contained in artificial sweeteners
a banned chemical that was [had] in artificial sweeteners

As a result just one Bq of Caesium-137 , contained in one litre of milk , will undergo a tiny explosion every second ; 60 explosions every minute , 3,600 explosions every hour or a total of three to seven million tiny atomic explosions in its stay in our bodies — any one of which can cause cell mutations which eventually lead to cancer or genetic damage .
as a result just one bq of caesium-137 , [had] in one litre of milk , will undergo a tiny explosion every second ; 60 explosions every minute , 3,600 explosions every hour or a total of three to seven million tiny atomic explosions in its stay in our bodies — any one of which can cause cell mutations which eventually lead to cancer or genetic damage .

An important issue in terms of the application of the Bill is contained in clause 3(3) , which says : ’ This Act extends to England and Wales only . ’
an important issue in terms of the application of the bill is [had] in clause 3(3) , which says : ’ this act extends to england and wales only . ’

The allegation about a metal object being contained in one of the bags is new to me .
the allegation about a metal object being [had] in one of the bags is new to me .

We are witnessing in Yugoslavia what happens when the cap of communism is lifted to reveal the suppressed anger that is contained .
we are witnessing in yugoslavia what happens when the cap of communism is lifted to reveal the suppressed anger that is [had] .

The highly selective description of individual items in a kitchen which was contained in the broadcast did no credit to British manufacturing or to the enormous improvement that it has made , and it was a gross distortion of the facts .
the highly selective description of individual items in a kitchen which was [had] in the broadcast did no credit to british manufacturing or to the enormous improvement that it has made , and it was a gross distortion of the facts .

Member for Sedgefield ( Mr. Blair ) has huffed and puffed , but he has not told us the Labour party 's position on a single proposal contained in the Green Paper .
member for sedgefield ( mr. blair ) has huffed and puffed , but he has not told us the labour party 's position on a single proposal [had] in the green paper .

( 2 ) The statement of accounts shall comply with any directions given by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury as to — ( a ) the information to be contained in it ; ( b ) the manner in which the information contained in it is to be presented ; or ( c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall contain such additional information as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury require to be provided for the information of Parliament .
( 2 ) the statement of accounts shall comply with any directions given by the secretary of state with the approval of the treasury as to — ( a ) the information to be [had] in it ; ( b ) the manner in which the information [had] in it is to be presented ; or ( c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall contain such additional information as the secretary of state may with the approval of the treasury require to be provided for the information of parliament .

It may be that , with the passage of years , the position would change , but that can be dealt with by the Secretary of State 's order-making power in clause 3 to amend the provisions contained in schedule 1 .
it may be that , with the passage of years , the position would change , but that can be dealt with by the secretary of state 's order-making power in clause 3 to amend the provisions [had] in schedule 1 .

a ) the information to be contained in it ,
a ) the information to be [had] in it ,

b ) the manner in which the information contained in it is to be presented , or
b ) the manner in which the information [had] in it is to be presented , or

That is a proposition without logic , because the power contained in the Bill is a power to vary income tax : it may be raised or it may be lowered depending on the political judgment of those who form the majority in a Scottish Parliament .
that is a proposition without logic , because the power [had] in the bill is a power to vary income tax : it may be raised or it may be lowered depending on the political judgment of those who form the majority in a scottish parliament .

However , the fact is that if the directors of galleries wish to raise money the Minister can refer them to the Bill and powers contained in clause 4 .
however , the fact is that if the directors of galleries wish to raise money the minister can refer them to the bill and powers [had] in clause 4 .

Lucy followed to discover that food hampers were already in place , and that there were labelled zipper bags which , she guessed , contained warm clothes for the rafters to change into after their hot showers .
lucy followed to discover that food hampers were already in place , and that there were labelled zipper bags which , she guessed , [had] warm clothes for the rafters to change into after their hot showers .

Silas and Matt then set up the barbecue , and Lucy was able to open the two food hampers , her eyes widening at the variety they contained .
silas and matt then set up the barbecue , and lucy was able to open the two food hampers , her eyes widening at the variety they [had] .

Have not we heard planted questions this afternoon that have contained carefully worked-out statistic after statistic ?
have not we heard planted questions this afternoon that have [had] carefully worked-out statistic after statistic ?

It will usefully reinforce the important principles contained in the White Paper as they will be applied in the Province .
it will usefully reinforce the important principles [had] in the white paper as they will be applied in the province .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that , in sharp contrast to the open-door policy apparently espoused by the right hon. Member for Birmingham , Sparkbrook ( Mr. Hattersley ) and his party , the measures contained in the Asylum Bill will be fair and of great benefit to genuine asylum seekers ?
does my right hon. friend agree that , in sharp contrast to the open-door policy apparently espoused by the right hon. member for birmingham , sparkbrook ( mr. hattersley ) and his party , the measures [had] in the asylum bill will be fair and of great benefit to genuine asylum seekers ?

This year 's Employment Institute economic report on the social charter found that ’ attempts by the Government to foster labour market flexibility will be undermined by the directives presently contained within the Social Action Programme . ’
this year 's employment institute economic report on the social charter found that ’ attempts by the government to foster labour market flexibility will be undermined by the directives presently [had] within the social action programme . ’

As for the proposals contained in ’ Escaping the Debt Trap ’ — the hon .
as for the proposals [had] in ’ escaping the debt trap ’ — the hon .

The restrictions on Sunday trading contained in the Shops Act 1950 do not apply in Scotland , with the exception of hairdressers and barbers .
the restrictions on sunday trading [had] in the shops act 1950 do not apply in scotland , with the exception of hairdressers and barbers .

Financial provision for the Erskine bridge is contained within the overall trunk road provision for Scotland .
financial provision for the erskine bridge is [had] within the overall trunk road provision for scotland .

As the provisions for Scotland and for England and Wales are contained in the same Bill , can the right hon. Gentleman explain why the schedules relating to imprisonment as an enforcement penalty still apply to England and Wales , whereas the Debtors ( Scotland ) Act 1987 abolished that penalty for Scotland ? In England and Wales , people may still be imprisoned if they do not pay their council tax .
as the provisions for scotland and for england and wales are [had] in the same bill , can the right hon. gentleman explain why the schedules relating to imprisonment as an enforcement penalty still apply to england and wales , whereas the debtors ( scotland ) act 1987 abolished that penalty for scotland ? in england and wales , people may still be imprisoned if they do not pay their council tax .

As we know , however , from the evidence contained in yesterday 's autumn statement , the recession has been deeply damaging to Britain 's economy .
as we know , however , from the evidence [had] in yesterday 's autumn statement , the recession has been deeply damaging to britain 's economy .

For a further improvement in our environmental legislation , in future , when consultants are hired — there are some very good environmental consultants — to produce environmental impact assessments to comply with European directives and with our new private and hybrid Bill procedures , the last word on exactly what is contained within the environmental impact assessment should not be left exclusively with the Bill 's promoters .
for a further improvement in our environmental legislation , in future , when consultants are hired — there are some very good environmental consultants — to produce environmental impact assessments to comply with european directives and with our new private and hybrid bill procedures , the last word on exactly what is [had] within the environmental impact assessment should not be left exclusively with the bill 's promoters .

It was therefore a disaster for towns in the north , particularly those that contained a high proportion of terraced property built around the turn of the century .
it was therefore a disaster for towns in the north , particularly those that [had] a high proportion of terraced property built around the turn of the century .

That document was today leaked in part in The Independent and the newspaper also contained my allegation that the Secretary of State may have misled the House in relation to figures that he quoted last week in the House .
that document was today leaked in part in the independent and the newspaper also [had] my allegation that the secretary of state may have misled the house in relation to figures that he quoted last week in the house .

After three ministerial speeches , we still do not know whether the Government would veto a treaty at Maastricht that contained the word ’ federal ’ .
after three ministerial speeches , we still do not know whether the government would veto a treaty at maastricht that [had] the word ’ federal ’ .

The former private Bill contained detailed protective provisions in respect of groundwater .
the former private bill [had] detailed protective provisions in respect of groundwater .

In July it was intended that they should be contained in regulations .
in july it was intended that they should be [had] in regulations .

As the legislation stands and under the powers contained in clause 21 ( 2 ) , the Secretary of State could alter the rights of householders to cover only compensation instead of remedial work , as specified in schedule 7 .
as the legislation stands and under the powers [had] in clause 21 ( 2 ) , the secretary of state could alter the rights of householders to cover only compensation instead of remedial work , as specified in schedule 7 .

Ingeniously designed , the main cabin contained a stove , a curtained bed and cupboards whose painted doors let down into tables .
ingeniously designed , the main cabin [had] a stove , a curtained bed and cupboards whose painted doors let down into tables .

If Milton adopts a high style which allows him to voice opposition to Restoration politics , is that opposition not contained by this style , one perceived as normally expressing the values of the elite ?
if milton adopts a high style which allows him to voice opposition to restoration politics , is that opposition not [had] by this style , one perceived as normally expressing the values of the elite ?

But the assumption made by both historicist critical right and left is that the Renaissance does refer to something which can , potentially , be identified in a contained fashion .
but the assumption made by both historicist critical right and left is that the renaissance does refer to something which can , potentially , be identified in a [had] fashion .

Yet , it is clear that our criticism must be aware of the supplemental aspect of the Renaissance — that it is not automatically a something open to contained description .
yet , it is clear that our criticism must be aware of the supplemental aspect of the renaissance — that it is not automatically a something open to [had] description .

Its meaning only becomes contained when exterior intentions are imposed — insisting that it operates according to Petrarchan or anti-Petrarchan convention , that the sonnet 's explore the relation between sexual behaviour at court and ritual descriptions of this behaviour , that the sequence is a concealed articulation of Sidney 's relation with Penelope Rich .
its meaning only becomes [had] when exterior intentions are imposed — insisting that it operates according to petrarchan or anti-petrarchan convention , that the sonnet 's explore the relation between sexual behaviour at court and ritual descriptions of this behaviour , that the sequence is a concealed articulation of sidney 's relation with penelope rich .

The real force of literature 's subversive power , though , is ultimately contained because its texts are sanctioned by the state to play a subversive role , a role which state institutions can control .
the real force of literature 's subversive power , though , is ultimately [had] because its texts are sanctioned by the state to play a subversive role , a role which state institutions can control .

Greenblatt 's inquiry into the ‘ half-hidden cultural transactions through which great works of art are empowered ’ uncovers a process by which Renaissance texts subvert but are then contained by state institutions .
greenblatt 's inquiry into the ‘ half-hidden cultural transactions through which great works of art are empowered ’ uncovers a process by which renaissance texts subvert but are then [had] by state institutions .

Since distinct evidence for political actions is contained overwhelmingly in official records , repudiating the use of other forms of cultural documents on the grounds that they can not be clearly interpreted becomes an implicit acceptance of the state 's officially articulated view of social , political and cultural organisation .
since distinct evidence for political actions is [had] overwhelmingly in official records , repudiating the use of other forms of cultural documents on the grounds that they can not be clearly interpreted becomes an implicit acceptance of the state 's officially articulated view of social , political and cultural organisation .

The law on this is very easy and is contained in section 4 :
the law on this is very easy and is [had] in section 4 :

The rules as to the time that property passes are contained in section 16–1g and they differ according to whether the contract is for the sale of specific or unascertained goods .
the rules as to the time that property passes are [had] in section 16–1g and they differ according to whether the contract is for the sale of specific or unascertained goods .

The most likely exception is that contained in two almost –33 identical statutory provisions , section 25 of the Sale of Goods Act and section 9 of the Factors Act 1889 . This latter reads :
the most likely exception is that [had] in two almost –33 identical statutory provisions , section 25 of the sale of goods act and section 9 of the factors act 1889 . this latter reads :

In Cehave a written contract for the sale of fruit pellets contained the express term ‘ Shipment to be in good condition .
in cehave a written contract for the sale of fruit pellets [had] the express term ‘ shipment to be in good condition .

It still contained a handful of cosmetics , and , at the very back , her mother 's suede jewellery case .
it still [had] a handful of cosmetics , and , at the very back , her mother 's suede jewellery case .

One was bare , but the other contained a range of old-fashioned fitted wardrobes , and a vast wooden bedstead , the head and footboards elaborately carved .
one was bare , but the other [had] a range of old-fashioned fitted wardrobes , and a vast wooden bedstead , the head and footboards elaborately carved .

It contained a single sheet of paper .
it [had] a single sheet of paper .

Each exact and firm handling of a narrow issue , however , helps towards treating broader issues , in which that narrow issue is contained , more exactly than would otherwise have been possible .
each exact and firm handling of a narrow issue , however , helps towards treating broader issues , in which that narrow issue is [had] , more exactly than would otherwise have been possible .

Opening at 2 pm , the Exhibition contained photographs of the stations , locomotives and rolling stock , copies of documents , some of the surviving artifacts from the line and , giving a modern touch , some computer drawn relief representations of the terrain through which the line ran .
opening at 2 pm , the exhibition [had] photographs of the stations , locomotives and rolling stock , copies of documents , some of the surviving artifacts from the line and , giving a modern touch , some computer drawn relief representations of the terrain through which the line ran .

The first film contained excellent material concerning the narrow gauge railways , in particular the Talyllyn Railway — the forerunner of the preservation movement — and the Ffestiniog Railway .
the first film [had] excellent material concerning the narrow gauge railways , in particular the talyllyn railway — the forerunner of the preservation movement — and the ffestiniog railway .

The lecture had kept her mind occupied all through breakfast , and had contained a great deal of sound advice on the best method of dealing with fitzAlan , which had not included embracing him as if he were in truth her husband .
the lecture had kept her mind occupied all through breakfast , and had [had] a great deal of sound advice on the best method of dealing with fitzalan , which had not included embracing him as if he were in truth her husband .

As well , the rest of the house was as near to immaculate as a house could be when it contained three teenage boys and a busy man .
as well , the rest of the house was as near to immaculate as a house could be when it [had] three teenage boys and a busy man .

Many pregnant women felt discomfort as their ligaments and muscles began to stretch to accommodate their growing uterus and the life it contained .
many pregnant women felt discomfort as their ligaments and muscles began to stretch to accommodate their growing uterus and the life it [had] .

She plunged happily into the familiar noise and chaos of a house with three boys and unpacked the four plastic shopping bags that contained the gifts she had brought .
she plunged happily into the familiar noise and chaos of a house with three boys and unpacked the four plastic shopping bags that [had] the gifts she had brought .

Maria 's breath came short and shallow now , perspiration sprang from her pores in an explosion of heat , and the driven sound of her reluctant pleasure and need could no longer be contained , escaping her in a low , shivering cry as she flung back her head .
maria 's breath came short and shallow now , perspiration sprang from her pores in an explosion of heat , and the driven sound of her reluctant pleasure and need could no longer be [had] , escaping her in a low , shivering cry as she flung back her head .

Others wrote about what Walter Machin 's books had meant to them at the time of their publication , and to these Viola wrote faintly magisterial replies of thanks and interest which usually also contained subtle plugs for the two books which were as yet unpublished .
others wrote about what walter machin 's books had meant to them at the time of their publication , and to these viola wrote faintly magisterial replies of thanks and interest which usually also [had] subtle plugs for the two books which were as yet unpublished .

One contained business matters of the sort that households — even households in the depression years tend to accumulate over the years .
one [had] business matters of the sort that households — even households in the depression years tend to accumulate over the years .

All these reminiscences told the same story : a big , healthy , gregarious man , full of fun and sport , always living life to the full and extracting from it all the juice it contained , and more .
all these reminiscences told the same story : a big , healthy , gregarious man , full of fun and sport , always living life to the full and extracting from it all the juice it [had] , and more .

The whole of the text of the Treaty was contained in the bill put before the Folketing .
the whole of the text of the treaty was [had] in the bill put before the folketing .

He found that survey respondents did not make unbiased predictions and that they did not efficiently exploit the information contained in past interest rate movements , and concludes that his results are ‘ mixed to unfavourable ’ to the hypothesis that expectations are rational .
he found that survey respondents did not make unbiased predictions and that they did not efficiently exploit the information [had] in past interest rate movements , and concludes that his results are ‘ mixed to unfavourable ’ to the hypothesis that expectations are rational .

Now suppose that at time t - 1 the only information available to individuals is contained in the set .
now suppose that at time t - 1 the only information available to individuals is [had] in the set .

The manuscript contained a collection of writings describing the legends of Glastonbury , Avalon , Arthur , the forging of Excalibur , and even the fanciful story of how , when Christ was a boy , Joseph of Arimathea brought him to Glastonbury to buy tin and precious oils from the natives .
the manuscript [had] a collection of writings describing the legends of glastonbury , avalon , arthur , the forging of excalibur , and even the fanciful story of how , when christ was a boy , joseph of arimathea brought him to glastonbury to buy tin and precious oils from the natives .

The book also contained writings on topographical and biblical matters of a general nature ; one entry caught my eye .
the book also [had] writings on topographical and biblical matters of a general nature ; one entry caught my eye .

He took out the waxen figure which also contained straw and fat from a hanged man .
he took out the waxen figure which also [had] straw and fat from a hanged man .

Again Couville muttered to himself and wandered round his room checking other rolls and parchments and quarto-sized journals which contained an index of royal warrants and proclamations .
again couville muttered to himself and wandered round his room checking other rolls and parchments and quarto-sized journals which [had] an index of royal warrants and proclamations .

’ She adjusted the weight of the half-dozen mega-sized carrier bags which contained her clothes , feeling the handles biting into her hands .
’ she adjusted the weight of the half-dozen mega-sized carrier bags which [had] her clothes , feeling the handles biting into her hands .

Thronged with thousands of people , it was decorated with coloured lights and banners — and contained a huge striped circus tent .
thronged with thousands of people , it was decorated with coloured lights and banners — and [had] a huge striped circus tent .

Immerse the section , slab or plaquette in the reagent contained in a suitable dish or tray for a few seconds or until the yellow precipitate forms .
immerse the section , slab or plaquette in the reagent [had] in a suitable dish or tray for a few seconds or until the yellow precipitate forms .

the nature of the contained grains and
the nature of the [had] grains and

The nature of the contained grains can be obtained from grain mineralogy ( Section 5.2.1 ) plus the origin of lithic clasts ( Table 5.3 ) .
the nature of the [had] grains can be obtained from grain mineralogy ( section 5.2.1 ) plus the origin of lithic clasts ( table 5.3 ) .

The morphology of these separate , disconformable crystal cements is , in many cases , dependent on the diagenetic environment and contained fluids in which they form ( e.g .
the morphology of these separate , disconformable crystal cements is , in many cases , dependent on the diagenetic environment and [had] fluids in which they form ( e.g .

We noted above that the major legislation affecting insurance companies is contained in the Insurance Companies Act 1982 .
we noted above that the major legislation affecting insurance companies is [had] in the insurance companies act 1982 .

White and anxious , she said : Yes , she had given that bag to her daughter , and it had contained such chocolates .
white and anxious , she said : yes , she had given that bag to her daughter , and it had [had] such chocolates .

The forensics , for much of which he was still waiting , and might go on waiting unless he pressed , the photographs and diagrams contained in the Scene of Crime report , and the testimony of Mrs Brocklebank .
the forensics , for much of which he was still waiting , and might go on waiting unless he pressed , the photographs and diagrams [had] in the scene of crime report , and the testimony of mrs brocklebank .

Huy dug into the leather pouch at his side , concealed under a fold of his kilt , and withdrew its contents : a couple of silver deben were all it contained .
huy dug into the leather pouch at his side , concealed under a fold of his kilt , and withdrew its contents : a couple of silver deben were all it [had] .

The pharaoh had thrown out beliefs held for two thousand years , rejecting them as superstitions , and replaced them all by a single god , whose spirit could not be contained in images , whose love extended to all people , and who lived in the power of the sunlight .
the pharaoh had thrown out beliefs held for two thousand years , rejecting them as superstitions , and replaced them all by a single god , whose spirit could not be [had] in images , whose love extended to all people , and who lived in the power of the sunlight .

’ Even some of the articles of the great Encyclopédie , the supreme general expression of a radically enlightened view of the world and society , as its successive volumes appeared in the 1750s and 1760s ( see p. 410 ) , contained distinct traces of the same pervasive traditional assumption .
’ even some of the articles of the great encyclopédie , the supreme general expression of a radically enlightened view of the world and society , as its successive volumes appeared in the 1750s and 1760s ( see p. 410 ) , [had] distinct traces of the same pervasive traditional assumption .

This being believes that he is able to look and measure in all directions , whereas his observations are really limited to directions contained in the two-dimensional surface .
this being believes that he is able to look and measure in all directions , whereas his observations are really limited to directions [had] in the two-dimensional surface .

Off the bathroom was another smaller room which contained the jacuzzi .
off the bathroom was another smaller room which [had] the jacuzzi .

The second box contained them too — red , this time .
the second box [had] them too — red , this time .

‘ It contained vague threats , and called you some rather unpleasant names , ’ he went on levelly .
‘ it [had] vague threats , and called you some rather unpleasant names , ’ he went on levelly .

‘ Language , ’ says Barthes , ‘ is literature 's Being , its very world ; the whole of literature is contained in the act of writing , and no longer in those of ‘ thinking ’ , ‘ portraying ’ , ‘ telling ’ or ‘ feeling ’ ( 1970 : 411 ) .
‘ language , ’ says barthes , ‘ is literature 's being , its very world ; the whole of literature is [had] in the act of writing , and no longer in those of ‘ thinking ’ , ‘ portraying ’ , ‘ telling ’ or ‘ feeling ’ ( 1970 : 411 ) .

So without any authorial guarantee concerning meaning , the critic 's job is no longer to retrieve the meaning of a text , but rather , in the full knowledge that the meanings of the text are plural , to produce an interpretation which realizes just one of the possibilities contained in the text .
so without any authorial guarantee concerning meaning , the critic 's job is no longer to retrieve the meaning of a text , but rather , in the full knowledge that the meanings of the text are plural , to produce an interpretation which realizes just one of the possibilities [had] in the text .

He was teasing her with this leisurely foreplay , stoking the fires inside her until they reached the point where they could no longer be contained .
he was teasing her with this leisurely foreplay , stoking the fires inside her until they reached the point where they could no longer be [had] .

It contained several birthday cards , but Dana 's was late , as usual .
it [had] several birthday cards , but dana 's was late , as usual .

His glance contained both pity and rejection .
his glance [had] both pity and rejection .

The book which contained the fruits of Dr Jaffery 's labours was about to be published .
the book which [had] the fruits of dr jaffery 's labours was about to be published .

Lesley rummaged in the depths of her calf handbag for a matching key-case as they crossed at the lights , and flicked out the smallest of the keys on the bunch it contained ‘ You wo n't mind waiting a minute for me ?
lesley rummaged in the depths of her calf handbag for a matching key-case as they crossed at the lights , and flicked out the smallest of the keys on the bunch it [had] ‘ you wo n't mind waiting a minute for me ?

Inter alia , it was argued before the Court of Appeal that there was no assignment of a share to Casey because there was no consideration for the agreement contained in the letter .
inter alia , it was argued before the court of appeal that there was no assignment of a share to casey because there was no consideration for the agreement [had] in the letter .

any other financial arrangements contained in the agreement shall not thereby be rendered void or unenforceable and shall , unless they are void or unenforceable for any other reason ( and subject to sections 35 and 36 , below ) be binding on the parties to the agreement .
any other financial arrangements [had] in the agreement shall not thereby be rendered void or unenforceable and shall , unless they are void or unenforceable for any other reason ( and subject to sections 35 and 36 , below ) be binding on the parties to the agreement .

The declaration stated that the testator in his lifetime ( in consideration that the plaintiff would marry Ellen Nicholl ) agreed with and promised the plaintiff , then unmarried , in the terms of and contained in the following letter : August 11 , 1838 , Gray 's Inn
the declaration stated that the testator in his lifetime ( in consideration that the plaintiff would marry ellen nicholl ) agreed with and promised the plaintiff , then unmarried , in the terms of and [had] in the following letter : august 11 , 1838 , gray 's inn

Second replication to the fourth plea , that the agreement was in the terms of and contained in the letter set out above .
second replication to the fourth plea , that the agreement was in the terms of and [had] in the letter set out above .

Marschalek ( 1983 ) has noted that children generally attend to only a portion of the information contained within a stimulus whereas adults include more dimensions as well as a consideration of structural aspects .
marschalek ( 1983 ) has noted that children generally attend to only a portion of the information [had] within a stimulus whereas adults include more dimensions as well as a consideration of structural aspects .

By the tenth century we can see from the detailed boundary clauses contained in charters that the earlier estate arrangements are already becoming obscure .
by the tenth century we can see from the detailed boundary clauses [had] in charters that the earlier estate arrangements are already becoming obscure .

These would have contained garden-like areas for growing vegetables , herbs for flavouring , dyes and medicines , fruit trees and space for hives — honey being an important commodity and mentioned as goods rendered from some estates .
these would have [had] garden-like areas for growing vegetables , herbs for flavouring , dyes and medicines , fruit trees and space for hives — honey being an important commodity and mentioned as goods rendered from some estates .

’ Naseby 's delight could not be contained .
’ naseby 's delight could not be [had] .

She sat very upright and looked down at her green lap and the bronze toes of her boots , and the brown silk handbag on a gilt chain which contained a handkerchief , a phial of sal volatile and some of Aunt Emily 's calling cards in a mother of pearl case , since she had none of her own .
she sat very upright and looked down at her green lap and the bronze toes of her boots , and the brown silk handbag on a gilt chain which [had] a handkerchief , a phial of sal volatile and some of aunt emily 's calling cards in a mother of pearl case , since she had none of her own .

Europe felt it had contained this communist menace within itself .
europe felt it had [had] this communist menace within itself .

This was a court society : not in the sense sometimes imputed to the ancien régime of a parade-ground where a despot brought his nobility to heel , but an elite world where within shared conventions political conflict was contained and consensus was continually re-formed and re-enacted .
this was a court society : not in the sense sometimes imputed to the ancien régime of a parade-ground where a despot brought his nobility to heel , but an elite world where within shared conventions political conflict was [had] and consensus was continually re-formed and re-enacted .

In his own sons , Charlemagne 's fortunes were mixed : the eldest rebelled and was incarcerated ; the ambitions of the remaining three legitimate sons were contained when each received a substantial part of the empire to rule while Charlemagne remained in overall charge .
in his own sons , charlemagne 's fortunes were mixed : the eldest rebelled and was incarcerated ; the ambitions of the remaining three legitimate sons were [had] when each received a substantial part of the empire to rule while charlemagne remained in overall charge .

It contained a large number of royal estates : perhaps a third of those which have been identified in the Carolingian Empire .
it [had] a large number of royal estates : perhaps a third of those which have been identified in the carolingian empire .

Most of the comments contained in my letter of 25 May 1991 on the previous application still apply .
most of the comments [had] in my letter of 25 may 1991 on the previous application still apply .

It contained representatives of the three Armed Forces and of all the political currents supporting the Nationalist cause .
it [had] representatives of the three armed forces and of all the political currents supporting the nationalist cause .

This meant that , instead of being composed entirely of separate infantry , cavalry , motorized , engineering , supplies and medical units , it also contained battalions each of which had its own infantry , cavalry , motorized , etc .
this meant that , instead of being composed entirely of separate infantry , cavalry , motorized , engineering , supplies and medical units , it also [had] battalions each of which had its own infantry , cavalry , motorized , etc .

The plan contained no hint of tax revenues to pay for all this and made only passing reference to budgetary requirements and credit policy .
the plan [had] no hint of tax revenues to pay for all this and made only passing reference to budgetary requirements and credit policy .

Known as the Pacts of Madrid , the two-part treaty was essentially military in character , but also contained economic and cultural provisions .
known as the pacts of madrid , the two-part treaty was essentially military in character , but also [had] economic and cultural provisions .

Centres should ensure that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .
centres should ensure that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information [had] within each module descriptor .

Centres should ensure that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .
centres should ensure that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information [had] within each module descriptor .

To prepare students for the modules contained in the SVQs , a number of preparatory modules have been created .
to prepare students for the modules [had] in the svqs , a number of preparatory modules have been created .

The evidence will usually be contained in a written report , but for some students it may be more suitable to present this evidence orally .
the evidence will usually be [had] in a written report , but for some students it may be more suitable to present this evidence orally .

Jane enquired about what was in it and Jocelyn obligingly opened the locket that contained a picture of her with her parents .
jane enquired about what was in it and jocelyn obligingly opened the locket that [had] a picture of her with her parents .

Much of the factual information contained in this article was ascertained during visits to the Commissioner 's office in Warrington during the summer months of 1992 , when selected files were examined and interviews were conducted with the Commissioner and her staff .
much of the factual information [had] in this article was ascertained during visits to the commissioner 's office in warrington during the summer months of 1992 , when selected files were examined and interviews were conducted with the commissioner and her staff .

Presumably the employee would have led evidence as to the latter if the employer 's accounts had indeed contained such information .
presumably the employee would have led evidence as to the latter if the employer 's accounts had indeed [had] such information .

There was some recognition by planners that schools would provide particularly vulnerable targets , especially dangerous because they contained a high concentration of glass .
there was some recognition by planners that schools would provide particularly vulnerable targets , especially dangerous because they [had] a high concentration of glass .

Of the items contained in it , few are novel and some will be criticised … The nation will not easily forgive any group or party which deprives the rising generation of the brighter future promised by the measure outlined by Mr Butler .
of the items [had] in it , few are novel and some will be criticised … the nation will not easily forgive any group or party which deprives the rising generation of the brighter future promised by the measure outlined by mr butler .

Nevertheless , the party contained not a few who disapproved of the caution of the Labour leadership in retaining the electoral truce yet apparently obtaining so few significant concessions in respect of policy from the coalition government . In an article published in America Harold Laski attacked both Attlee and the trade union leadership :
nevertheless , the party [had] not a few who disapproved of the caution of the labour leadership in retaining the electoral truce yet apparently obtaining so few significant concessions in respect of policy from the coalition government . in an article published in america harold laski attacked both attlee and the trade union leadership :

He recommended an amendment to Churchill 's published statement to the other party leaders suggesting this course , to say that the government would ‘ In the meantime … together do our utmost to implement the proposals for social security and full employment contained in the White Papers which we have laid before Parliament ’ .
he recommended an amendment to churchill 's published statement to the other party leaders suggesting this course , to say that the government would ‘ in the meantime … together do our utmost to implement the proposals for social security and full employment [had] in the white papers which we have laid before parliament ’ .

Each tape contained 30 films , recognition tapes each contained 15 films from each of the two judgment tapes .
each tape [had] 30 films , recognition tapes each [had] 15 films from each of the two judgment tapes .

Three different tapes were made , two for the judgment phase and one for the recognition phase , each judgment tape contained 24 films , one of each pair , the recognition tape contained the full 48 films .
three different tapes were made , two for the judgment phase and one for the recognition phase , each judgment tape [had] 24 films , one of each pair , the recognition tape [had] the full 48 films .

This may have meant that these stimuli contained relatively little peripheral information .
this may have meant that these stimuli [had] relatively little peripheral information .

Study 5 was thus conducted to allow some quantification of the actual information contained in the stimuli that were used in Studies 2 and 3 .
study 5 was thus conducted to allow some quantification of the actual information [had] in the stimuli that were used in studies 2 and 3 .

The films were thus split into sections of five seconds each , this interval appeared to be long enough to give subjects a feeling for what was going on while still allowing them to give fairly comprehensive descriptions of the objects and events contained within each film section .
the films were thus split into sections of five seconds each , this interval appeared to be long enough to give subjects a feeling for what was going on while still allowing them to give fairly comprehensive descriptions of the objects and events [had] within each film section .

Apart from circulating relevant material to those members contained in the mailing list that are considered to have an interest in the particular planning exercise in question , there are a number of basic publicity measures which should almost invariably be carried out , i.e. place an advertisement in the relevant local papers ; lodge relevant documents at suitable venues accessible to the public .
apart from circulating relevant material to those members [had] in the mailing list that are considered to have an interest in the particular planning exercise in question , there are a number of basic publicity measures which should almost invariably be carried out , i.e. place an advertisement in the relevant local papers ; lodge relevant documents at suitable venues accessible to the public .

( iv ) The provisions containing any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the Scheme of Conditions of Service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay
( iv ) the provisions containing any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are [had] in the scheme of conditions of service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay

Salt from sea water , pumped from the Dead Sea nearby is collected in a structure rather like a swimming pool which is contained within a series of dykes .
salt from sea water , pumped from the dead sea nearby is collected in a structure rather like a swimming pool which is [had] within a series of dykes .

Rumours abounded about the Royston side — they could not raise a team , then they could raise a team but it consisted entirely of old men ! Finally we were told that a team had been formed but that it contained no skilful players , we remained sceptical !
rumours abounded about the royston side — they could not raise a team , then they could raise a team but it consisted entirely of old men ! finally we were told that a team had been formed but that it [had] no skilful players , we remained sceptical !

His case had rested in part on forged documents , though what these documents contained was not without authority , and the pope 's arguments concerned prescription or the power conferred by ancient right .
his case had rested in part on forged documents , though what these documents [had] was not without authority , and the pope 's arguments concerned prescription or the power conferred by ancient right .

The series of papers which form the basic data set for this research ( the Rolfe papers , and Will 1985 ) , contained lists of theses arranged in a classified order .
the series of papers which form the basic data set for this research ( the rolfe papers , and will 1985 ) , [had] lists of theses arranged in a classified order .

The primary lists then , compiled from the Rolfe and Will bibliographies , contained nearly 600 theses arranged in two alphabetically ordered files .
the primary lists then , compiled from the rolfe and will bibliographies , [had] nearly 600 theses arranged in two alphabetically ordered files .

One rearrangement of Bradford 's Law predicts that 50 % of the literature of a subject will be contained in ‘ n ’ journals , 50 % of the remainder in 2n , with successive remainders forming an arithmetic series .
one rearrangement of bradford 's law predicts that 50 % of the literature of a subject will be [had] in ‘ n ’ journals , 50 % of the remainder in 2n , with successive remainders forming an arithmetic series .

The manner in which libraries deal with the theses in their custody thus has a bearing on the uses to which the research contained in these works is put .
the manner in which libraries deal with the theses in their custody thus has a bearing on the uses to which the research [had] in these works is put .

The use of the ‘ covering citation ’ is described by the MacRoberts as parsimonious citing , because the mention of the cited paper is used as a substitute for an explanation of the ideas contained in that cited paper .
the use of the ‘ covering citation ’ is described by the macroberts as parsimonious citing , because the mention of the cited paper is used as a substitute for an explanation of the ideas [had] in that cited paper .

Cited works may be used without consultation , or may be used without their having had any real influence on the ideas contained in the paper .
cited works may be used without consultation , or may be used without their having had any real influence on the ideas [had] in the paper .

Thus Mendel 's paper on the inherited characteristics of peas , published in an obscure journal in what is now part of Czechoslovakia , was uncited for many years , but the ideas contained within it are now an integral part of the genetics paradigm .
thus mendel 's paper on the inherited characteristics of peas , published in an obscure journal in what is now part of czechoslovakia , was uncited for many years , but the ideas [had] within it are now an integral part of the genetics paradigm .

To assess the relative numbers of thesis citations to publication citations , it may be possible to extrapolate from Haner 's study of government information contained in seven core journals in American geology .
to assess the relative numbers of thesis citations to publication citations , it may be possible to extrapolate from haner 's study of government information [had] in seven core journals in american geology .

The information contained in such sources is not used in the same way as that in a formally refereed and conventionally published journal article , and citations of such sources may be omitted .
the information [had] in such sources is not used in the same way as that in a formally refereed and conventionally published journal article , and citations of such sources may be omitted .

The intellectual property contained in the paper is communicated to an audience , but its ownership is clearly attributed to the author , and accepted by that audience .
the intellectual property [had] in the paper is communicated to an audience , but its ownership is clearly attributed to the author , and accepted by that audience .

: the geology of the period which began two to three million years ago , and which contained the last major planetary ice age .
: the geology of the period which began two to three million years ago , and which [had] the last major planetary ice age .

( In a later paper , May established that 21 % of articles contained duplication of earlier published results , and 43 % were classified as ‘ trivia ’ . )
( in a later paper , may established that 21 % of articles [had] duplication of earlier published results , and 43 % were classified as ‘ trivia ’ . )

Much of the data contained in these early systems will have been converted to paper tape , then magnetic tape , and today to hard-disks on personal computers , at each stage accruing data conversion costs .
much of the data [had] in these early systems will have been converted to paper tape , then magnetic tape , and today to hard-disks on personal computers , at each stage accruing data conversion costs .

To the extent that a thesis is regarded as an original contribution to knowledge , the thesis is normally an author 's first knowledge claim ; an assertion of ownership of the intellectual property contained in it .
to the extent that a thesis is regarded as an original contribution to knowledge , the thesis is normally an author 's first knowledge claim ; an assertion of ownership of the intellectual property [had] in it .

The questionnaire for the survey began with a few brief factual questions about personal details , and a second , more important part of the schedule contained batteries of questions aimed at measuring an individual 's standing on the scales mentioned earlier .
the questionnaire for the survey began with a few brief factual questions about personal details , and a second , more important part of the schedule [had] batteries of questions aimed at measuring an individual 's standing on the scales mentioned earlier .

The social psychological survey also left a legacy in the attitudinal questions which are very often contained in questionnaires .
the social psychological survey also left a legacy in the attitudinal questions which are very often [had] in questionnaires .

It contained perhaps half a dozen large water-colour sketches of a seaside resort ; because of the context she knew it had to be Deauville — his imagined Deauville .
it [had] perhaps half a dozen large water-colour sketches of a seaside resort ; because of the context she knew it had to be deauville — his imagined deauville .

The agreement also contained a provision to increase security along the Tajik-Afghan border .
the agreement also [had] a provision to increase security along the tajik-afghan border .

On May 22 a 25-year old man committed suicide in Kwangju by leaping in flames from the roof of the mortuary building which contained the body of Park Seung Hee .
on may 22 a 25-year old man committed suicide in kwangju by leaping in flames from the roof of the mortuary building which [had] the body of park seung hee .

The document contained the findings of a three-year investigation into the deaths of 99 Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders in police custody or in youth detention institutions between 1980 and 1987 .
the document [had] the findings of a three-year investigation into the deaths of 99 aborigines and torres strait islanders in police custody or in youth detention institutions between 1980 and 1987 .

The 339 recommendations contained within the wide-ranging 5,000-page report covered policy and procedural changes throughout the Australian criminal justice system .
the 339 recommendations [had] within the wide-ranging 5,000-page report covered policy and procedural changes throughout the australian criminal justice system .

If finalized , the agreement would be the last of four deals designed to end decades of wrangling over the issue of rights to the land above the 60th parallel and to the oil and gas contained therein .
if finalized , the agreement would be the last of four deals designed to end decades of wrangling over the issue of rights to the land above the 60th parallel and to the oil and gas [had] therein .

The plunge in aluminium prices in January was contained by forecasts of a tight supply situation which pushed prices up to a 15-month high of $ 2,227.50 a tonne in September .
the plunge in aluminium prices in january was [had] by forecasts of a tight supply situation which pushed prices up to a 15-month high of $ 2,227.50 a tonne in september .

Karadzic , speaking as leader of the Bosnian Serbs , said on Aug. 27 that " 20 per cent " of territory held by Bosnian Serbs might be relinquished , and that detention camps run by these same forces , which he claimed contained no civilians , would be closed down within weeks and that " ethnic cleansing " was something he condemned .
karadzic , speaking as leader of the bosnian serbs , said on aug. 27 that " 20 per cent " of territory held by bosnian serbs might be relinquished , and that detention camps run by these same forces , which he claimed [had] no civilians , would be closed down within weeks and that " ethnic cleansing " was something he condemned .

While admitting that his testimony to Congress in 1986 had contained inaccuracies , he denied that it had been his intention to mislead the investigation .
while admitting that his testimony to congress in 1986 had [had] inaccuracies , he denied that it had been his intention to mislead the investigation .

Barr stated , however , that the July 9 request by the judiciary committee of the House of Representatives for an independent prosecutor to examine the Iraqgate affair [ see p. 38998 ] contained `` vague and general allegations `` which did not meet these conditions .
barr stated , however , that the july 9 request by the judiciary committee of the house of representatives for an independent prosecutor to examine the iraqgate affair [ see p. 38998 ] [had] `` vague and general allegations `` which did not meet these conditions .

The budget contained details of an array of tax changes — outlined in the State of the Union speech [ see above ] — which were designed to stimulate economic growth .
the budget [had] details of an array of tax changes — outlined in the state of the union speech [ see above ] — which were designed to stimulate economic growth .

The case brought under this law , Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey , involved a further examination of the constitutional protection of the right to abortion contained within the 1973 landmark ruling , Roe v. Wade .
the case brought under this law , planned parenthood of southeastern pennsylvania v. casey , involved a further examination of the constitutional protection of the right to abortion [had] within the 1973 landmark ruling , roe v. wade .

The Cabinet also contained two Communists , two Social Democrats , seven independents and five members of smaller parties .
the cabinet also [had] two communists , two social democrats , seven independents and five members of smaller parties .

The promise was contained within a memorandum on the legal and social status of Japanese Koreans , signed on Jan. 10 by the South Korean Foreign Minister , Lee Sang Ock , and his Japanese counterpart , Taro Nakayama .
the promise was [had] within a memorandum on the legal and social status of japanese koreans , signed on jan. 10 by the south korean foreign minister , lee sang ock , and his japanese counterpart , taro nakayama .

Anand 's new Cabinet , unveiled on June 14 , contained many members who had served in his February 1991-March 1992 government and who were still perceived as being politically non-aligned technocrats .
anand 's new cabinet , unveiled on june 14 , [had] many members who had served in his february 1991-march 1992 government and who were still perceived as being politically non-aligned technocrats .

Contained in their submissions , whether inadvertently or otherwise , was evidence that the military had decided to crush pro-democracy demonstrations 10 days in advance of the May 17-20 events .
[had] in their submissions , whether inadvertently or otherwise , was evidence that the military had decided to crush pro-democracy demonstrations 10 days in advance of the may 17-20 events .

The Minister of Public Order Theodore Anagnostopoulos repudiated allegations of human rights abuses contained in a report published by the human rights organization Amnesty International on June 23 .
the minister of public order theodore anagnostopoulos repudiated allegations of human rights abuses [had] in a report published by the human rights organization amnesty international on june 23 .

The draft contained a preamble put forward by Luxembourg during its presidency in the first half of 1991 [ see pp .
the draft [had] a preamble put forward by luxembourg during its presidency in the first half of 1991 [ see pp .

By August 1991 , however , the deficit had doubled because of rising unemployment and consequently falling income tax revenues , and the draft budget for 1992 , presented by the government on Aug. 27 , 1991 , contained substantially reduced real expenditure [ see p. 38402 ] .
by august 1991 , however , the deficit had doubled because of rising unemployment and consequently falling income tax revenues , and the draft budget for 1992 , presented by the government on aug. 27 , 1991 , [had] substantially reduced real expenditure [ see p. 38402 ] .

Paasio also stated that `` the reference to Germany as a possible aggressor contained in the [ 1948 ] Treaty of Friendship , Co-operation and Mutual Assistance between Finland and the Soviet Union [ see p. 9228 ] reflects values … which no longer prevail `` , although the essential content of the treaty `` retains its significance `` .
paasio also stated that `` the reference to germany as a possible aggressor [had] in the [ 1948 ] treaty of friendship , co-operation and mutual assistance between finland and the soviet union [ see p. 9228 ] reflects values … which no longer prevail `` , although the essential content of the treaty `` retains its significance `` .

Under the emergency regulations , currently affecting more than two-thirds of the country and 50 per cent of the population , all constitutional guarantees contained in Articles 7 , 9 and 10 of the Constitution were suspended and the army was placed in full control of internal order .
under the emergency regulations , currently affecting more than two-thirds of the country and 50 per cent of the population , all constitutional guarantees [had] in articles 7 , 9 and 10 of the constitution were suspended and the army was placed in full control of internal order .

It emphasizes that the Community , the member states and the representatives of employers and employees should play a role in the implementation of the principles contained in the `` Social Charter `` according to their respective responsibilities .
it emphasizes that the community , the member states and the representatives of employers and employees should play a role in the implementation of the principles [had] in the `` social charter `` according to their respective responsibilities .

The treaties also contained provisions relating to verification methods for arms controls treaties and to each country 's right to maintain intrusive , on-sight monitoring equipment at three sites in the other 's territory .
the treaties also [had] provisions relating to verification methods for arms controls treaties and to each country 's right to maintain intrusive , on-sight monitoring equipment at three sites in the other 's territory .

The proposed gala contained many elements of reunification activities organized by Southern dissidents but banned by the government .
the proposed gala [had] many elements of reunification activities organized by southern dissidents but banned by the government .

On March 4 the English-language Tehran Times , which reflected the views of the Iranian government , published an editorial which contained strong backing for the Iraqi rebels .
on march 4 the english-language tehran times , which reflected the views of the iranian government , published an editorial which [had] strong backing for the iraqi rebels .

The government 's policy paper contained provisions for state-aided settlement schemes to encourage black farmers to set up on 485,000 hectares of government land .
the government 's policy paper [had] provisions for state-aided settlement schemes to encourage black farmers to set up on 485,000 hectares of government land .

Most of the proposals had been contained in a similar package in 1989 .
most of the proposals had been [had] in a similar package in 1989 .

Compiled from information contained in StB and police files , the list of alleged informers comprised four members of the Communist Party , three from the ruling Civic Forum , two from the Society for Moravia and Silesia and one from the People 's Party .
compiled from information [had] in stb and police files , the list of alleged informers comprised four members of the communist party , three from the ruling civic forum , two from the society for moravia and silesia and one from the people 's party .

The loose agenda of the negotiating process launched at Madrid was to draw more heavily , however , on the idea of `` autonomy `` for the West Bank and Gaza , contained in the 1978 Camp David peace accord between Israel and Egypt [ see pp .
the loose agenda of the negotiating process launched at madrid was to draw more heavily , however , on the idea of `` autonomy `` for the west bank and gaza , [had] in the 1978 camp david peace accord between israel and egypt [ see pp .

The treaty contained a clause recognizing the legal continuity since 1918 of the Czechoslovak state .
the treaty [had] a clause recognizing the legal continuity since 1918 of the czechoslovak state .

The 10-page document aimed to maintain Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , and contained no offer for a redeployment of Israeli troops stationed in the territories , although Israeli officials said that this could be considered later .
the 10-page document aimed to maintain jewish settlements in the west bank and gaza strip , and [had] no offer for a redeployment of israeli troops stationed in the territories , although israeli officials said that this could be considered later .

The new Cabinet contained 19 members , 10 Conservatives and nine Liberals .
the new cabinet [had] 19 members , 10 conservatives and nine liberals .

The accord contained 25 articles arranged under the three sub-headings listed below :
the accord [had] 25 articles arranged under the three sub-headings listed below :

Whereas Duke 's challenge was reminiscent of the four presidential bids between 1964 and 1976 by the racist Alabama governor George Wallace , Buchanan 's campaign contained older resonances of the isolationist movement of the 1930s as championed by Charles Lindbergh .
whereas duke 's challenge was reminiscent of the four presidential bids between 1964 and 1976 by the racist alabama governor george wallace , buchanan 's campaign [had] older resonances of the isolationist movement of the 1930s as championed by charles lindbergh .

It also contained a clause which effectively provided for its continued validity should the Soviet Union be dissolved or reconstituted .
it also [had] a clause which effectively provided for its continued validity should the soviet union be dissolved or reconstituted .

It was calculated that the measures contained in the 1992 budget would bring about a reduction of 3-4 per cent in the real incomes of many workers and pensioners , as anticipated increases in wages and in pensions were equivalent to half of the inflation rate ( expected to be 12.5 per cent ) .
it was calculated that the measures [had] in the 1992 budget would bring about a reduction of 3-4 per cent in the real incomes of many workers and pensioners , as anticipated increases in wages and in pensions were equivalent to half of the inflation rate ( expected to be 12.5 per cent ) .

Pro-FIS rhetoric emanating from preachers in certain city mosques was said to have influenced an electorate that contained a relatively high proportion of young and illiterate voters .
pro-fis rhetoric emanating from preachers in certain city mosques was said to have influenced an electorate that [had] a relatively high proportion of young and illiterate voters .

Dimitrov 's new Cabinet , of whom nine were also members of the National Assembly , contained some structural changes .
dimitrov 's new cabinet , of whom nine were also members of the national assembly , [had] some structural changes .

There was also a political element in that the criticisms contained an implicit condemnation of the extraordinarily large and powerful business empire built up by Suharto 's family and close associates .
there was also a political element in that the criticisms [had] an implicit condemnation of the extraordinarily large and powerful business empire built up by suharto 's family and close associates .

Although the Constitution contained guarantees of human rights and freedoms , it also stated that it `` shall be the overall responsibility of the Republic of Fiji Military Forces to ensure at all times the security , defence and well-being of Fiji and its peoples `` .
although the constitution [had] guarantees of human rights and freedoms , it also stated that it `` shall be the overall responsibility of the republic of fiji military forces to ensure at all times the security , defence and well-being of fiji and its peoples `` .

In January 1991 the Supreme Court ruled that the adjournment was in breach of the Constitution ( which contained an obligation for the legislature to meet at least three times a year ) , causing Namaliu to announce that the legislature would reconvene in May .
in january 1991 the supreme court ruled that the adjournment was in breach of the constitution ( which [had] an obligation for the legislature to meet at least three times a year ) , causing namaliu to announce that the legislature would reconvene in may .

The package contained deep spending cuts including cuts of $ 1,700 million from health and welfare programmes and $ 1,300 million from aid to local government .
the package [had] deep spending cuts including cuts of $ 1,700 million from health and welfare programmes and $ 1,300 million from aid to local government .

The devaluation was contained within the decision to exchange old banknotes for new ones , with a strict limit on the amount each citizen could exchange .
the devaluation was [had] within the decision to exchange old banknotes for new ones , with a strict limit on the amount each citizen could exchange .

On Nov. 11 Hezbollah radio , the Voice of the Oppressed , had broadcast an attack on the government policy statement , which , it claimed , contained nothing to distinguish it from previous policy statements .
on nov. 11 hezbollah radio , the voice of the oppressed , had broadcast an attack on the government policy statement , which , it claimed , [had] nothing to distinguish it from previous policy statements .

The speech was badly received by deputies and republican leaders , who complained that it contained nothing new or concrete , and was out of touch with the mood of the Supreme Soviet and of the country .
the speech was badly received by deputies and republican leaders , who complained that it [had] nothing new or concrete , and was out of touch with the mood of the supreme soviet and of the country .

Enhancing the Toronto terms , the plan contained four main elements .
enhancing the toronto terms , the plan [had] four main elements .

The results of the summit were contained in the `` Panama Declaration `` , issued by the participants on Dec. 11 .
the results of the summit were [had] in the `` panama declaration `` , issued by the participants on dec. 11 .

Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadjic claimed that his proposal , giving Serbs 60 per cent of Bosnian territory , was based on the situation in 1931 when Bosnia contained greater numbers of Serbs .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadjic claimed that his proposal , giving serbs 60 per cent of bosnian territory , was based on the situation in 1931 when bosnia [had] greater numbers of serbs .

Both sides discussed proposals for implementing the measures contained within the December 1991 reconciliation agreement .
both sides discussed proposals for implementing the measures [had] within the december 1991 reconciliation agreement .

The navy did acknowledge , however , having returned fire on March 17 at a boat off Point Pedro which , it said , had then exploded — the implication being that it had contained rebel ammunition or explosive supplies .
the navy did acknowledge , however , having returned fire on march 17 at a boat off point pedro which , it said , had then exploded — the implication being that it had [had] rebel ammunition or explosive supplies .

The treaty contained clauses to promote economic co-operation , including Czechoslovakian access to the Black Sea .
the treaty [had] clauses to promote economic co-operation , including czechoslovakian access to the black sea .

Contracts made earlier are subject to the old rules about writing and part performance contained in s. 40 Law of Property Act 1925 .
contracts made earlier are subject to the old rules about writing and part performance [had] in s. 40 law of property act 1925 .

The rules today are contained in the Limitation Act 1980 and all the references in this section are to that statute .
the rules today are [had] in the limitation act 1980 and all the references in this section are to that statute .

Covenants connected with the repair and upkeep of buildings are obviously , given the British climate , amongst the most important contained in leases .
covenants connected with the repair and upkeep of buildings are obviously , given the british climate , amongst the most important [had] in leases .

141 ( 1 ) Rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein contained , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition therein contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .
141 ( 1 ) rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein [had] , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition therein [had] , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .

210 In all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .
210 in all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein [had] shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .

The employee received a pay packet which contained an overpayment .
the employee received a pay packet which [had] an overpayment .

Each topic in the sequence of topics contained in your outline can be translated into a section of your essay .
each topic in the sequence of topics [had] in your outline can be translated into a section of your essay .

The defences are contained in s. 4 .
the defences are [had] in s. 4 .

As the north mound contained wood felled no earlier than 958 , not more than twenty or thirty years at the most seem likely to have separated the construction of the mounds and the earliest church , and the positioning of the larger of the two rune stones exactly between the mounds .
as the north mound [had] wood felled no earlier than 958 , not more than twenty or thirty years at the most seem likely to have separated the construction of the mounds and the earliest church , and the positioning of the larger of the two rune stones exactly between the mounds .

On the other hand , the rank and file of his army of conquest of 1016 , comprising Norwegians and Swedes as well as Danes , doubtless contained a fair number of heathens , and it is very unlikely that the Danish church had yet permeated national life as deeply as that of the English .
on the other hand , the rank and file of his army of conquest of 1016 , comprising norwegians and swedes as well as danes , doubtless [had] a fair number of heathens , and it is very unlikely that the danish church had yet permeated national life as deeply as that of the english .

In particular , Cnut , unlike William the Conqueror , whose Norman duchy contained a vigorous church , was not in a position to start replacing English personnel with continentals on any scale .
in particular , cnut , unlike william the conqueror , whose norman duchy [had] a vigorous church , was not in a position to start replacing english personnel with continentals on any scale .

It contained relics , and when melted down in the twelfth century yielded 500 marks of silver and thirty of gold .
it [had] relics , and when melted down in the twelfth century yielded 500 marks of silver and thirty of gold .

His radio broadcast on the same day contained no hint of criticism of the Allies .
his radio broadcast on the same day [had] no hint of criticism of the allies .

The previous pack contained the full text of the Multi-National Legal Practice Rules 1991 , which made detailed amendments to the rules governing solicitors , largely so as to apply those rules to registered foreign lawyers practising in partnership with solicitors in England and Wales , where appropriate with special provisions .
the previous pack [had] the full text of the multi-national legal practice rules 1991 , which made detailed amendments to the rules governing solicitors , largely so as to apply those rules to registered foreign lawyers practising in partnership with solicitors in england and wales , where appropriate with special provisions .

( 2 ) None of the sub-clauses of this Clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the Company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this Clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate Company .
( 2 ) none of the sub-clauses of this clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this clause as though each sub-clause [had] the objects of a separate company .

( 2 ) None of the sub-clauses of this Clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the Company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this Clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate Company .
( 2 ) none of the sub-clauses of this clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this clause as though each sub-clause [had] the objects of a separate company .

Both the 1750s and the 1760s contained food-price peaks , 1756 – 7 and 1766 , but there is no escaping the conclusion that the general trend in the standard of living was inexorably downward .
both the 1750s and the 1760s [had] food-price peaks , 1756 – 7 and 1766 , but there is no escaping the conclusion that the general trend in the standard of living was inexorably downward .

‘ Although the data often contained grammatical sequences several words long ( e.g .
‘ although the data often [had] grammatical sequences several words long ( e.g .

In summary , the main features of the architecture are as follows : the problem is viewed as one of directed search of a graph , this search space being contained within a single global data structure , the Chart .
in summary , the main features of the architecture are as follows : the problem is viewed as one of directed search of a graph , this search space being [had] within a single global data structure , the chart .

Evald08 , for example , contained over 63 million paths , but the utterance — You may wonder what happens to our boys and girls and the answer can best be found in the pages of the old boys and girls magazine — is 22 words long .
evald08 , for example , [had] over 63 million paths , but the utterance — you may wonder what happens to our boys and girls and the answer can best be found in the pages of the old boys and girls magazine — is 22 words long .

The test sentences had an average intended word length of about 7 , and an average phoneme length of 26 , but the word graph contained many overlapping words .
the test sentences had an average intended word length of about 7 , and an average phoneme length of 26 , but the word graph [had] many overlapping words .

For example in the United Kingdom case of Glyn v Weston Feature Film Co. [ 1916 ] , in which it was argued ( unsuccessfully ) that a film infringed the copyright in a novel , it was acknowledged that copyright can extend beyond the literal text of a book to the dramatic scenes and incidents contained within it .
for example in the united kingdom case of glyn v weston feature film co. [ 1916 ] , in which it was argued ( unsuccessfully ) that a film infringed the copyright in a novel , it was acknowledged that copyright can extend beyond the literal text of a book to the dramatic scenes and incidents [had] within it .

Making an unauthorized copy of a substantial part of such a database will infringe the copyright in the database and in any of the original materials contained in that substantial part .
making an unauthorized copy of a substantial part of such a database will infringe the copyright in the database and in any of the original materials [had] in that substantial part .

Indeed , the user has the most direct link with the finished product and has ultimate control but may , nevertheless , rely to a great extent on the programs and information contained in the database .
indeed , the user has the most direct link with the finished product and has ultimate control but may , nevertheless , rely to a great extent on the programs and information [had] in the database .

Matters contained in prior patent applications are also included .
matters [had] in prior patent applications are also included .

Certain other provisions contained in the Patents Act 1977 are worthy of brief mention .
certain other provisions [had] in the patents act 1977 are worthy of brief mention .

An exception to the rules concerning deceptive marks is contained in section 12 ( 2 ) of the 1938 Act .
an exception to the rules concerning deceptive marks is [had] in section 12 ( 2 ) of the 1938 act .

The result of all this is that the terms contained in the Sale of Goods Act which are implied into a contract for the sale of goods will not apply to a computer software contract .
the result of all this is that the terms [had] in the sale of goods act which are implied into a contract for the sale of goods will not apply to a computer software contract .

Apart from contract law there may be liability in negligence which does not depend on a contractual relationship and may even extend to others involved in the development of the system such as the experts who provided the knowledge contained in the system .
apart from contract law there may be liability in negligence which does not depend on a contractual relationship and may even extend to others involved in the development of the system such as the experts who provided the knowledge [had] in the system .

If the person using the expert system does not have the degree of skill and knowledge contained in the system he should make this clear to the client and obtain his agreement prior to using the system .
if the person using the expert system does not have the degree of skill and knowledge [had] in the system he should make this clear to the client and obtain his agreement prior to using the system .

Related to negligence are the product liability provisions contained in the Consumer Protection Act 1987 .
related to negligence are the product liability provisions [had] in the consumer protection act 1987 .

The product liability provisions contained in the Consumer Protection Act came into force in 1988 and , although it is a little early to be certain , the implications and effects of these provisions could be quite enormous for all manufacturers including those making computer equipment .
the product liability provisions [had] in the consumer protection act came into force in 1988 and , although it is a little early to be certain , the implications and effects of these provisions could be quite enormous for all manufacturers including those making computer equipment .

By Schedule 1 , paragraph 1(c) of the Act , the provisions contained in sections 2 to 4 do not extend to any contract : so far as it relates to the creation or transfer of any right or interest in any patent , trade mark , copyright , … or other intellectual property .
by schedule 1 , paragraph 1(c) of the act , the provisions [had] in sections 2 to 4 do not extend to any contract : so far as it relates to the creation or transfer of any right or interest in any patent , trade mark , copyright , … or other intellectual property .

This is what Guillaume ( 1984 : 121 – 2 ) calls `` internal incidence `` : what the lexeme can be applied to is determined in advance since its nature is defined by the lexical notion contained in the word .
this is what guillaume ( 1984 : 121 – 2 ) calls `` internal incidence `` : what the lexeme can be applied to is determined in advance since its nature is defined by the lexical notion [had] in the word .

For He could swim across the river : This also involves the intra-infinitival virtual person occupying the same position in time as the actual person which specifies its rank contained in the auxiliary , but here the virtual person is conceived as the support of a potentiality and not of an actualization .
for he could swim across the river : this also involves the intra-infinitival virtual person occupying the same position in time as the actual person which specifies its rank [had] in the auxiliary , but here the virtual person is conceived as the support of a potentiality and not of an actualization .

Thus whereas the bare infinitive allows for the incidence of its event to a support situated within the confines of event time , the mechanism of incidence provided for by the verb form itself is inoperative when called upon express an incidence to a support situated prior to the time contained in the event .
thus whereas the bare infinitive allows for the incidence of its event to a support situated within the confines of event time , the mechanism of incidence provided for by the verb form itself is inoperative when called upon express an incidence to a support situated prior to the time [had] in the event .

These contained a substance called Spread , and , indeed , that was all you could do with it .
these [had] a substance called spread , and , indeed , that was all you could do with it .

In preparation , he had opened several bottles of Guinness , and one of the cans , which contained Long Life — the lady 's drink — in compliment to Mrs Woodie .
in preparation , he had opened several bottles of guinness , and one of the cans , which [had] long life — the lady 's drink — in compliment to mrs woodie .

As to the exact locality of the pain , it was difficult to convey that it had grown , and that instead of having a pain he was now contained inside it .
as to the exact locality of the pain , it was difficult to convey that it had grown , and that instead of having a pain he was now [had] inside it .

Whatever their other fluctuations , Nietzsche 's latest plans had one thing in common : their lists of topics , however long or diverse , contained no explicit reference to Wagner .
whatever their other fluctuations , nietzsche 's latest plans had one thing in common : their lists of topics , however long or diverse , [had] no explicit reference to wagner .

They contained copper so were periodically emptied and processed .
they [had] copper so were periodically emptied and processed .

The editor of a volume that contained 10 studies on the effects of infant and child mortality on fertility , summarized the findings in the following way : `` The picture is not attractive for those who look to mortality reduction as a means of reducing fertility through familial effects , let alone for those who advocate such measures as a means to reduce growth rates . ``
the editor of a volume that [had] 10 studies on the effects of infant and child mortality on fertility , summarized the findings in the following way : `` the picture is not attractive for those who look to mortality reduction as a means of reducing fertility through familial effects , let alone for those who advocate such measures as a means to reduce growth rates . ``

Also contained in the earth Surrounding the bones were flints of fine workmanship and small fragments of animal bones .
also [had] in the earth surrounding the bones were flints of fine workmanship and small fragments of animal bones .

At Holborough `` Knob `` in 1954 an excavation carried out by the Ministry of Works uncovered many Roman remains , principally a lead coffin which contained the skeleton of a young child , including interestingly a Patch of flaxen hair .
at holborough `` knob `` in 1954 an excavation carried out by the ministry of works uncovered many roman remains , principally a lead coffin which [had] the skeleton of a young child , including interestingly a patch of flaxen hair .

The previous year 1255 , the property belonging to the Bishopric of Rochester , had been valued as follows : The estates at Halling with its member of Holborough and Cuxton , contained 717 acres of arable land , that not being marled was valued at fourpence an acre , also 38 acres of meadow land worth sixpence an acre , and 20 acres of pasture at eightpence an acre , the Mill at Holborough being valued at twenty shillings and the Mill at Cuxton worth thirteen and fourpence , no value is put on the vineyard at Halling but it is mentioned .
the previous year 1255 , the property belonging to the bishopric of rochester , had been valued as follows : the estates at halling with its member of holborough and cuxton , [had] 717 acres of arable land , that not being marled was valued at fourpence an acre , also 38 acres of meadow land worth sixpence an acre , and 20 acres of pasture at eightpence an acre , the mill at holborough being valued at twenty shillings and the mill at cuxton worth thirteen and fourpence , no value is put on the vineyard at halling but it is mentioned .

Early prisons were built in castles or large houses and the former contained state prisoners .
early prisons were built in castles or large houses and the former [had] state prisoners .

About 25 % of the searches studied contained a member of the cross-reference list .
about 25 % of the searches studied [had] a member of the cross-reference list .

If it is defective , you need to know where it is defective and how you can modify the language material contained in it , so that you can learn the language well in spite of the book !
if it is defective , you need to know where it is defective and how you can modify the language material [had] in it , so that you can learn the language well in spite of the book !

This contained some very relevant names and addresses which the Pakistani owner had obviously tried to dispose of during the night , but in the confusion and darkness he had failed to realise it had not gone overboard . ``
this [had] some very relevant names and addresses which the pakistani owner had obviously tried to dispose of during the night , but in the confusion and darkness he had failed to realise it had not gone overboard . ``

Contraband was discovered in interesting concealments such as a spare piston assembly in the engineroom of a Dutch ship ( found by Bob , our chief engineer , of course ) , and a spare drilling core at the bottom of the hold of a Spanish ship contained products more akin to a Spanish distillery than the bed of the North Sea .
contraband was discovered in interesting concealments such as a spare piston assembly in the engineroom of a dutch ship ( found by bob , our chief engineer , of course ) , and a spare drilling core at the bottom of the hold of a spanish ship [had] products more akin to a spanish distillery than the bed of the north sea .

The full amount of information contained in the molecular weight distribution is of course not to be described by one or two averages , the complete set of moments being required .
the full amount of information [had] in the molecular weight distribution is of course not to be described by one or two averages , the complete set of moments being required .

Please use the information and bulletin inserts contained in this dossier .
please use the information and bulletin inserts [had] in this dossier .

The small bowel mesentery was thickened and contained multiple enlarged lymph nodes ( Fig 5 ) .
the small bowel mesentery was thickened and [had] multiple enlarged lymph nodes ( fig 5 ) .

The perfusion instrument was a plastic tube ( 16 mm in external diameter ) , which was 60 cm long and contained smaller channels in the tube wall and one large central channel ; five latex balloons were attached to the tube ( Fig 1 ) .
the perfusion instrument was a plastic tube ( 16 mm in external diameter ) , which was 60 cm long and [had] smaller channels in the tube wall and one large central channel ; five latex balloons were attached to the tube ( fig 1 ) .

All oesophageal samples in all subjects contained varying amylase concentrations indicative of swallowed saliva , and the amount of bicarbonate in the oesophagus derived from saliva was calculated .
all oesophageal samples in all subjects [had] varying amylase concentrations indicative of swallowed saliva , and the amount of bicarbonate in the oesophagus derived from saliva was calculated .

Unfortunately fresh tissue was not available from the carcinoma , and therefore it was impossible to say whether it also contained a p53 gene mutation .
unfortunately fresh tissue was not available from the carcinoma , and therefore it was impossible to say whether it also [had] a p53 gene mutation .

It contained questions on the grade in school , current school performance , and if the child was in a special class , to verify normal development .
it [had] questions on the grade in school , current school performance , and if the child was in a special class , to verify normal development .

Malignant ascites contained significantly higher concentrations of urokinase ( 0.7 ( < 0.1- 1.3 ) ng/ml v 0.2 ( < 0.1–0.6 ) ng/ml in alcoholic ascites ) and plasminogen activator inhibitor 2 ( 33 ( < 6–140 ) ng/ml v 9 ( < 6–28 ) ng/ml alcoholic ascites ) .
malignant ascites [had] significantly higher concentrations of urokinase ( 0.7 ( < 0.1- 1.3 ) ng/ml v 0.2 ( < 0.1–0.6 ) ng/ml in alcoholic ascites ) and plasminogen activator inhibitor 2 ( 33 ( < 6–140 ) ng/ml v 9 ( < 6–28 ) ng/ml alcoholic ascites ) .

In a study of some of the commonest abnormalities found in colorectal cancer , Vogelstein found that while over 90 % of carcinomas contained two or more alterations , a minority , constituting less than 10 % of the total , contained none .
in a study of some of the commonest abnormalities found in colorectal cancer , vogelstein found that while over 90 % of carcinomas [had] two or more alterations , a minority , constituting less than 10 % of the total , [had] none .

Samples taken from the edges of ulcer craters in 15 of these patients or scars in six patients contained more extensive gastric metaplasia ( mean extent 19 % ) in comparison with specimens from the opposite , macroscopically normal looking wall ( mean extent 10 % ) .
samples taken from the edges of ulcer craters in 15 of these patients or scars in six patients [had] more extensive gastric metaplasia ( mean extent 19 % ) in comparison with specimens from the opposite , macroscopically normal looking wall ( mean extent 10 % ) .

The main finding of this study is that virtually all the colorectal cancers studied contained low , but detectable , concentrations of progastrin derived peptides .
the main finding of this study is that virtually all the colorectal cancers studied [had] low , but detectable , concentrations of progastrin derived peptides .

We added 5 µmol/ml of a single phospholipids to human biles which contained an average of 21 µmol/ml of various native phospholipids .
we added 5 µmol/ml of a single phospholipids to human biles which [had] an average of 21 µmol/ml of various native phospholipids .

Periodic acid Schiff staining showed that most Barrett 's mucosa and all the gastric mucosa contained neutral mucin ( red colouration in cytoplasm ) while some areas , especially those composed of intestinal mucosa , contained acid mucin ( blue colouration in cytoplasm ) or glands with both acid and neutral mucin ( purple colouration in the cytoplasm ) .
periodic acid schiff staining showed that most barrett 's mucosa and all the gastric mucosa [had] neutral mucin ( red colouration in cytoplasm ) while some areas , especially those composed of intestinal mucosa , [had] acid mucin ( blue colouration in cytoplasm ) or glands with both acid and neutral mucin ( purple colouration in the cytoplasm ) .

Some areas of intestinal type Barrett 's mucosa contained predominantly acid mucin where as all other forms of Barrett 's mucosa contained neutral mucin ( normal type of mucin in gastric mucosa ) .
some areas of intestinal type barrett 's mucosa [had] predominantly acid mucin where as all other forms of barrett 's mucosa [had] neutral mucin ( normal type of mucin in gastric mucosa ) .

The test meal contained 12 ml lactulose and was eaten after overnight fasting by each subject within five minutes , again 20 minutes after insulin injection .
the test meal [had] 12 ml lactulose and was eaten after overnight fasting by each subject within five minutes , again 20 minutes after insulin injection .

The effectiveness of capsaicin pretreatment was assessed by determination of the calcitonin gene related peptide content of the gastric corpus wall , because in the rat stomach this peptide is almost exclusively contained in capsaicin sensitive afferent neurones .
the effectiveness of capsaicin pretreatment was assessed by determination of the calcitonin gene related peptide content of the gastric corpus wall , because in the rat stomach this peptide is almost exclusively [had] in capsaicin sensitive afferent neurones .

Perhaps Selkirk 's verses contained information which he wished destroyed .
perhaps selkirk 's verses [had] information which he wished destroyed .

Allied to the recommendations contained in the Seabrook Report extensive work was carried out by the Legal Aid and Fees Committee for the substantial extension of standard fees .
allied to the recommendations [had] in the seabrook report extensive work was carried out by the legal aid and fees committee for the substantial extension of standard fees .

‘ Lore ' n orda ’ must be maintained at all costs , and the riot , if that was what it was , had been swiftly contained .
‘ lore ' n orda ’ must be maintained at all costs , and the riot , if that was what it was , had been swiftly [had] .

The market model gives a considerable simplification in the analysis of portfolios — whatever the number of securities contained therein .
the market model gives a considerable simplification in the analysis of portfolios — whatever the number of securities [had] therein .

It contained reprints of some papers presented to a local antiquarian society — probably research material for the book on neolithic burial mounds .
it [had] reprints of some papers presented to a local antiquarian society — probably research material for the book on neolithic burial mounds .

and whatever they contained —
and whatever they [had] —

Whilst departmental reports could have been discussed and a broad evaluation of curriculum strategy discussed by staff as a whole , it seems reasonable that reports which contained confidential matters were not circulating round the school .
whilst departmental reports could have been discussed and a broad evaluation of curriculum strategy discussed by staff as a whole , it seems reasonable that reports which [had] confidential matters were not circulating round the school .

They then considered the recommendations to the Senior Management Team contained in the report :
they then considered the recommendations to the senior management team [had] in the report :

As much as possible of the message should be contained in the medium : as Marshall McLuhan pointed out , the ability of advertising to convey a message and influence people is due to success in achieving this .
as much as possible of the message should be [had] in the medium : as marshall mcluhan pointed out , the ability of advertising to convey a message and influence people is due to success in achieving this .

Many of the prescriptions for creativity embody means of enabling the worker to break away from established continuous patterns of thought , since such patterns of thought are held to hinder access to new ideas not contained in a logical sequence from the starting point of the problem .
many of the prescriptions for creativity embody means of enabling the worker to break away from established continuous patterns of thought , since such patterns of thought are held to hinder access to new ideas not [had] in a logical sequence from the starting point of the problem .

The first floor contains paper sculptures — he has used torn , cut , folded and painted paper to form provocative jumbles contained in plexiglass cases ; these abstract explorations of texture and form , which closely parallel his metal pieces , are attractively priced at $ 10,000 .
the first floor contains paper sculptures — he has used torn , cut , folded and painted paper to form provocative jumbles [had] in plexiglass cases ; these abstract explorations of texture and form , which closely parallel his metal pieces , are attractively priced at $ 10,000 .

The opening quarter contained several meaty exchanges between the forwards which only the referee , Gerry Kershaw , appeared unaware of but tempers remained mercifully in check .
the opening quarter [had] several meaty exchanges between the forwards which only the referee , gerry kershaw , appeared unaware of but tempers remained mercifully in check .

Apart from some of the traditional Anglo-Welsh fixtures , such as Harlequins v Llanelli at Twickenham ( played this year at Stradey Park ) , the calendar contained little that was required watching .
apart from some of the traditional anglo-welsh fixtures , such as harlequins v llanelli at twickenham ( played this year at stradey park ) , the calendar [had] little that was required watching .

The council will take a number of factors into account when making up its mind whether to give a development the go-ahead . These will include : Does the scheme comply with the policies contained in its local plan ?
the council will take a number of factors into account when making up its mind whether to give a development the go-ahead . these will include : does the scheme comply with the policies [had] in its local plan ?

But it soon became obvious that the proteins of the nutrient contained the correct chemical groups , and that the food molecules themselves were polymerizing and creating the capsule membrane .
but it soon became obvious that the proteins of the nutrient [had] the correct chemical groups , and that the food molecules themselves were polymerizing and creating the capsule membrane .

The 1989 deficit is estimated at $ 161.4bn , well above the $ 136bn target required under the 1987 revision and the $ 72bn target contained in the original legislation .
the 1989 deficit is estimated at $ 161.4bn , well above the $ 136bn target required under the 1987 revision and the $ 72bn target [had] in the original legislation .

The knights met the Council at Lincoln in July 1316 , and the king 's officers drew up for them a list of ‘ divers errors ’ contained in the perambulations of 1300 .
the knights met the council at lincoln in july 1316 , and the king 's officers drew up for them a list of ‘ divers errors ’ [had] in the perambulations of 1300 .

His courtesy , however , contained a reticence that did not permit him to ask outright just how she had come by her knowledge of Møn when she spent only a week a year on the island .
his courtesy , however , [had] a reticence that did not permit him to ask outright just how she had come by her knowledge of møn when she spent only a week a year on the island .

Luckily the annual Year Books contained small biographies of deceased ministers and these sometimes tell us much about the ‘ average ’ minister .
luckily the annual year books [had] small biographies of deceased ministers and these sometimes tell us much about the ‘ average ’ minister .

He seemed to think it still contained traces of humanity , for he continued :
he seemed to think it still [had] traces of humanity , for he continued :

The best actor of them all , he had contained those shocks within himself with no screaming crises of nerves .
the best actor of them all , he had [had] those shocks within himself with no screaming crises of nerves .

The tetrahedron is contained within the diagonals of its six faces .
the tetrahedron is [had] within the diagonals of its six faces .

Platonic cosmology contained elements : Tetrahedron — fire ; Octahedron — air ; Icosahedron — water ; Cube — Earth ; Dodecahedron — ether .
platonic cosmology [had] elements : tetrahedron — fire ; octahedron — air ; icosahedron — water ; cube — earth ; dodecahedron — ether .

The theological concepts contained in these phrases are weighty ones indeed and have been the subject of fervent discussion for centuries .
the theological concepts [had] in these phrases are weighty ones indeed and have been the subject of fervent discussion for centuries .

Third , from a sociological point of view , grief can not be contained in the way it once was .
third , from a sociological point of view , grief can not be [had] in the way it once was .

In a few instances the loss of someone close can propel the survivor into an overwhelming emotional whirlpool that can not be contained without expert help or hospitalization or treatment or a combination of all of these .
in a few instances the loss of someone close can propel the survivor into an overwhelming emotional whirlpool that can not be [had] without expert help or hospitalization or treatment or a combination of all of these .

So she sent them on immediately , longing to know what they contained and never finding out , but supposing that so long as they did keep coming the worst could not yet have happened .
so she sent them on immediately , longing to know what they [had] and never finding out , but supposing that so long as they did keep coming the worst could not yet have happened .

The usually veiled criticism contained in the report material , and the open comment coming to light in denunciations and court prosecutions , have necessarily to be regarded as the tip of the iceberg .
the usually veiled criticism [had] in the report material , and the open comment coming to light in denunciations and court prosecutions , have necessarily to be regarded as the tip of the iceberg .

The premature declarations of imminent victory and raising of empty hopes contained the germ of the inevitable decline in confidence which set in during the following weeks , as the news from the eastern Front told a different story .
the premature declarations of imminent victory and raising of empty hopes [had] the germ of the inevitable decline in confidence which set in during the following weeks , as the news from the eastern front told a different story .

Once more among his Party faithful in Nuremberg in September 1938 , his proclamation contained the usual cliché about the infant Nazi Party beginning the fight against the greatest enemy threatening the German people , international Jewry , and a few days later , still at the Party Rally , he attempted to justify Germany 's attempts to rid itself of its Jews by the stereotype reference to an over-populated country .
once more among his party faithful in nuremberg in september 1938 , his proclamation [had] the usual cliché about the infant nazi party beginning the fight against the greatest enemy threatening the german people , international jewry , and a few days later , still at the party rally , he attempted to justify germany 's attempts to rid itself of its jews by the stereotype reference to an over-populated country .

Recorded reactions suggest that the German public was preoccupied not with Hitler 's remarks on the ‘ Jewish Question ’ , but with the implications for war or peace contained in his speech .
recorded reactions suggest that the german public was preoccupied not with hitler 's remarks on the ‘ jewish question ’ , but with the implications for war or peace [had] in his speech .

The Hebrew scriptures contained prescriptions that enforced a separateness and particularity of the Jewish people , in tension with the universalism of monotheistic belief : if there is but one God , he is Lord of all peoples , even if some of them feel after him more coherently than others .
the hebrew scriptures [had] prescriptions that enforced a separateness and particularity of the jewish people , in tension with the universalism of monotheistic belief : if there is but one god , he is lord of all peoples , even if some of them feel after him more coherently than others .

The old Roman calendar of festivals contained a cycle of urban celebrations reaching back to the city 's legendary foundation .
the old roman calendar of festivals [had] a cycle of urban celebrations reaching back to the city 's legendary foundation .

The Roman town enclosure , marked off from its environment by the foundation rite , had itself been sacred ; and it contained temples , the sacred edifices of public worship .
the roman town enclosure , marked off from its environment by the foundation rite , had itself been sacred ; and it [had] temples , the sacred edifices of public worship .

He had an unrivalled knowledge of Greek and Greek theology , and the Heavenly Hierarchy contained much on the orders of angels .
he had an unrivalled knowledge of greek and greek theology , and the heavenly hierarchy [had] much on the orders of angels .

Her first honours list contained fifty awards for Conservative party politicians and supporters .
her first honours list [had] fifty awards for conservative party politicians and supporters .

Examples are an animal protein ( such as meat , fish , cheese , or egg ) contained within a cereal product , bread , as a sandwich ; breakfast cereal and milk ; pizza ( a flour base , the plant source of protein ) with meat or fish and cheese topping ; rice pudding ; cheese on toast .
examples are an animal protein ( such as meat , fish , cheese , or egg ) [had] within a cereal product , bread , as a sandwich ; breakfast cereal and milk ; pizza ( a flour base , the plant source of protein ) with meat or fish and cheese topping ; rice pudding ; cheese on toast .

Just make the best decision you possibly can in the light of the information contained in Chapter 4 .
just make the best decision you possibly can in the light of the information [had] in chapter 4 .

The philosophy presupposed , first , that the Iranian regime contained officials of reason and moderation with whom America could do business , and that these officials would intercede with the terrorist Hizbollah to release the American hostages they held in Beirut .
the philosophy presupposed , first , that the iranian regime [had] officials of reason and moderation with whom america could do business , and that these officials would intercede with the terrorist hizbollah to release the american hostages they held in beirut .

Because of his other highly classified projects , his office already contained all the paraphernalia of necessary secrecy : the code-block and buttons on the door , the gaggle of different-coloured telephones , the five-thousand-pound safes , even the tempered glass in the windows , as his lawyer noted at his trial , ‘ so that enemies of the country ca n't beam through the windows and pick up the sound ’ .
because of his other highly classified projects , his office already [had] all the paraphernalia of necessary secrecy : the code-block and buttons on the door , the gaggle of different-coloured telephones , the five-thousand-pound safes , even the tempered glass in the windows , as his lawyer noted at his trial , ‘ so that enemies of the country ca n't beam through the windows and pick up the sound ’ .

The reader knows enough about the political skills and sophistication of the Zuwaya and their rivals to resist the perhaps supercilious stereotype contained in Le Monde 's use of ‘ tribe ’ : the people far from backward or atavistic , the demand for bloodwealth ( whoever made it ) contested rather than misunderstood ; it opposed one particular notion of government with another .
the reader knows enough about the political skills and sophistication of the zuwaya and their rivals to resist the perhaps supercilious stereotype [had] in le monde 's use of ‘ tribe ’ : the people far from backward or atavistic , the demand for bloodwealth ( whoever made it ) contested rather than misunderstood ; it opposed one particular notion of government with another .

This has two aspects : that all the members of a group were obliged to join in the fighting or threats ; and that there was some automatic trigger contained in the genealogy which determined the number of the combatants .
this has two aspects : that all the members of a group were obliged to join in the fighting or threats ; and that there was some automatic trigger [had] in the genealogy which determined the number of the combatants .

Zuwaya did express tensions between fathers and sons , some arising from the use of authority ; they expressed others in the formal segregation of fathers and sons contained in the word tahashshum : shame or shyness should exclude money , women and relaxed pleasure from their interaction .
zuwaya did express tensions between fathers and sons , some arising from the use of authority ; they expressed others in the formal segregation of fathers and sons [had] in the word tahashshum : shame or shyness should exclude money , women and relaxed pleasure from their interaction .

She thought of standing against this landscape and of being somehow contained within herself : resolute , alone , but not lonely .
she thought of standing against this landscape and of being somehow [had] within herself : resolute , alone , but not lonely .

The huge domes seemed to be heaped on top of each other like black barnacles , their polarised , opaque surfaces hiding everything contained within them .
the huge domes seemed to be heaped on top of each other like black barnacles , their polarised , opaque surfaces hiding everything [had] within them .

The body was not wholly parthenogenetic , but contained elements of himself and Roirbak , though Roirbak was unaware of his participation .
the body was not wholly parthenogenetic , but [had] elements of himself and roirbak , though roirbak was unaware of his participation .

She imagined she was cupping this white-hot power in her womb , and that the walls of it contained the fire .
she imagined she was cupping this white-hot power in her womb , and that the walls of it [had] the fire .

She extended her senses outwards , seeking the spiralling cone of power that contained her .
she extended her senses outwards , seeking the spiralling cone of power that [had] her .

Having disciplined , explored and contained my own metaphysical anguish , having put down my own last worthy appetites , having separated myself by conscious decision from the filth and decadence of modern society , it is inevitable that my own hard-won sense of propriety or dignity should tempt me into being the scourge of other , more self-indulgent beings , fictional or not .
having disciplined , explored and [had] my own metaphysical anguish , having put down my own last worthy appetites , having separated myself by conscious decision from the filth and decadence of modern society , it is inevitable that my own hard-won sense of propriety or dignity should tempt me into being the scourge of other , more self-indulgent beings , fictional or not .

Only one contained a cheque , that from Regis , the bookseller in Maidenhead , and the cheque was for one tenth of the sum she had confidently expected .
only one [had] a cheque , that from regis , the bookseller in maidenhead , and the cheque was for one tenth of the sum she had confidently expected .

When a don fails to return at the start of term , the shock at the discovery of his body in a Parisian church is well contained in the cloisters .
when a don fails to return at the start of term , the shock at the discovery of his body in a parisian church is well [had] in the cloisters .

The plans are contained in what Mr Locke called ‘ an otherwise dull and dry ’ discussion document on the legal protection of industrial design .
the plans are [had] in what mr locke called ‘ an otherwise dull and dry ’ discussion document on the legal protection of industrial design .

Accordingly , Leicestershire made the most of an attack which contained only two seamers , neither of whom were able to make the ball lift above the knee-cap , and three spinners of uncertain intent .
accordingly , leicestershire made the most of an attack which [had] only two seamers , neither of whom were able to make the ball lift above the knee-cap , and three spinners of uncertain intent .

It also contained proposals — planned to be implemented in the autumn — to tax company cars according to original price rather than engine size which should alleviate the tax discrimination against company diesel cars .
it also [had] proposals — planned to be implemented in the autumn — to tax company cars according to original price rather than engine size which should alleviate the tax discrimination against company diesel cars .

In the men 's semi-finals , Martin won an attritional first game that contained 25 lets and 10 penalty points , but lost his edge thereafter and offered no worthwhile opposition in the second and third .
in the men 's semi-finals , martin won an attritional first game that [had] 25 lets and 10 penalty points , but lost his edge thereafter and offered no worthwhile opposition in the second and third .

The latest available information , contained in the Hawker accounts for 1990 and based on an actuarial valuation at March 1989 , shows a surplus of £111m .
the latest available information , [had] in the hawker accounts for 1990 and based on an actuarial valuation at march 1989 , shows a surplus of £111m .

Each contained around 100lb of Semtex high explosive , five times as much as was used to demolish the Grand Hotel , Brighton , during the 1984 Conservative conference and 40 times the size of an average car bomb .
each [had] around 100lb of semtex high explosive , five times as much as was used to demolish the grand hotel , brighton , during the 1984 conservative conference and 40 times the size of an average car bomb .

At first a natural depression reinforced by earthworks put up in January by the Italian army contained the lava .
at first a natural depression reinforced by earthworks put up in january by the italian army [had] the lava .

His legacy as an artist is contained in a single novel , Homeboy , the tale of a charming , drug-addicted , dope-dealing , pimping , strip-show barker who finds salvation , gets the girl ( the whore with the heart of gold ) , and rides his motorcycle into the sunset and , presumably , a happy ending .
his legacy as an artist is [had] in a single novel , homeboy , the tale of a charming , drug-addicted , dope-dealing , pimping , strip-show barker who finds salvation , gets the girl ( the whore with the heart of gold ) , and rides his motorcycle into the sunset and , presumably , a happy ending .

She was three women , whose lives were contained in one bewitching , unforgettable gesture
she was three women , whose lives were [had] in one bewitching , unforgettable gesture

After the Second World War there was a greater sense of realism in implementing the provisions of the Atlantic Charter through the creation of the United Nations , but the Charter had contained a pledge that amounted to a promise to dismantle colonial empires .
after the second world war there was a greater sense of realism in implementing the provisions of the atlantic charter through the creation of the united nations , but the charter had [had] a pledge that amounted to a promise to dismantle colonial empires .

One segment of drift-net recovered from the Alaskan coastline was 1.5 km ( 1 mile ) long and contained 99 dead sea birds , over 200 dead salmon and a seal skull .
one segment of drift-net recovered from the alaskan coastline was 1.5 km ( 1 mile ) long and [had] 99 dead sea birds , over 200 dead salmon and a seal skull .

At the same time , Toyota , Nissan and the others will find it hard to expand if they do not design their cars , and many of the parts contained in them , to meet local tastes and fashions .
at the same time , toyota , nissan and the others will find it hard to expand if they do not design their cars , and many of the parts [had] in them , to meet local tastes and fashions .

Bay leaves should always be broken to release their flavour which is mainly contained in the stalk .
bay leaves should always be broken to release their flavour which is mainly [had] in the stalk .

can be green or black and are a collection of aromatic seeds contained in a pod which must be split to release the full flavour .
can be green or black and are a collection of aromatic seeds [had] in a pod which must be split to release the full flavour .

Indeed , he thought De Cive contained things of a rather different nature from anything so far in political philosophy : it contained demonstrations of its conclusions .
indeed , he thought de cive [had] things of a rather different nature from anything so far in political philosophy : it [had] demonstrations of its conclusions .

Something of what Locke would have said to this is already contained in the Essay .
something of what locke would have said to this is already [had] in the essay .

Locke 's political philosophy is mainly contained in his anonymously published Treatises of Government ( 1690 ) .
locke 's political philosophy is mainly [had] in his anonymously published treatises of government ( 1690 ) .

Startlingly bold as this idea is , the arguments for it were initially contained in just the first thirty-three short sections of the Principles .
startlingly bold as this idea is , the arguments for it were initially [had] in just the first thirty-three short sections of the principles .

The lodge contained a large hall below and a banqueting room above , connected by a grand wooden stair .
the lodge [had] a large hall below and a banqueting room above , connected by a grand wooden stair .

When Ernest 's widow sold Undertown and all her land there , she left a proviso to future builders which contained a strict building code .
when ernest 's widow sold undertown and all her land there , she left a proviso to future builders which [had] a strict building code .

They put on 152 before they were separated , first attacking well and then being contained .
they put on 152 before they were separated , first attacking well and then being [had] .

By 1984 , the Prudential Trophy had metamorphosed into the Texaco Trophy , and the first game at Old Trafford contained the finest dish ever served up in a one-day international .
by 1984 , the prudential trophy had metamorphosed into the texaco trophy , and the first game at old trafford [had] the finest dish ever served up in a one-day international .

The information contained in the definition of objects can also boost efficiency by reducing the time needed to retrieve complex collections of data .
the information [had] in the definition of objects can also boost efficiency by reducing the time needed to retrieve complex collections of data .

But what bothers the company 's bosses is that the tip-offs contained enough circumstantial detail to indicate the source was a fairly high-ranking employee , perhaps an indication that disaffection with Mr Reuter 's strategy is spreading .
but what bothers the company 's bosses is that the tip-offs [had] enough circumstantial detail to indicate the source was a fairly high-ranking employee , perhaps an indication that disaffection with mr reuter 's strategy is spreading .

One Martian meteorite already recovered from Antarctica , which has been analysed at Milton Keynes , contained significant amounts of organic chemicals .
one martian meteorite already recovered from antarctica , which has been analysed at milton keynes , [had] significant amounts of organic chemicals .

And it was in the 1980s that it was finally applied , in particular the ideas contained in two articles by Mr Modigliani and Mr Miller in 1958 and 1963 .
and it was in the 1980s that it was finally applied , in particular the ideas [had] in two articles by mr modigliani and mr miller in 1958 and 1963 .

The first and biggest wave of this century contained none of today 's hostile offers .
the first and biggest wave of this century [had] none of today 's hostile offers .

Morgan and others gave birth to the modern American corporation , but ensured that its mouth contained a silver spoon .
morgan and others gave birth to the modern american corporation , but ensured that its mouth [had] a silver spoon .

The thrifts-rescue act of August 1989 at first contained a clause banning thrifts from holding junk bonds , later weakened to require them to place them in special subsidiaries insulated from deposit insurance .
the thrifts-rescue act of august 1989 at first [had] a clause banning thrifts from holding junk bonds , later weakened to require them to place them in special subsidiaries insulated from deposit insurance .

’ This is presumably because it allows you to explore the knowledge contained therein .
’ this is presumably because it allows you to explore the knowledge [had] therein .

The act of faith consisted of believing that the visible contained hidden secrets , that to study the visible was to learn something more than could be seen in a glance .
the act of faith consisted of believing that the visible [had] hidden secrets , that to study the visible was to learn something more than could be seen in a glance .

Instead , Mr Gummer told the House of Commons the list drawn up by the manufacturers themselves contained new instructions which would make all the machines ‘ perfectly safe in use . ’
instead , mr gummer told the house of commons the list drawn up by the manufacturers themselves [had] new instructions which would make all the machines ‘ perfectly safe in use . ’

Mr Lloyd was carrying marijuana and $ 1,514 in cash , and his blood contained alcohol , marijuana , and traces of cocaine .
mr lloyd was carrying marijuana and $ 1,514 in cash , and his blood [had] alcohol , marijuana , and traces of cocaine .

One sample in seven contained residues in 1986 and the level had fallen to one sample in 20 in the first eight months of this year .
one sample in seven [had] residues in 1986 and the level had fallen to one sample in 20 in the first eight months of this year .

‘ The experience of those authorities who have contained the increase to manageable levels shows what can be done . ’
‘ the experience of those authorities who have [had] the increase to manageable levels shows what can be done . ’

According to Brian Sewell , art critic of the Evening Standard , it was well known that the Royal Collection had once contained a number of pornographic drawings by Leonardo .
according to brian sewell , art critic of the evening standard , it was well known that the royal collection had once [had] a number of pornographic drawings by leonardo .

Natural toxins are contained in most foods : for instance , vegetables use them to fight off pests and bacteria produce them in meat .
natural toxins are [had] in most foods : for instance , vegetables use them to fight off pests and bacteria produce them in meat .

‘ As long as the low temperatures continue , we are happy that the avalanche danger is contained , ’ added Dr Buser .
‘ as long as the low temperatures continue , we are happy that the avalanche danger is [had] , ’ added dr buser .

His inward half of 33 was fine golf and contained only one lucky break when he missed the 16th green but scrambled down in two when it would have been much easier to take three .
his inward half of 33 was fine golf and [had] only one lucky break when he missed the 16th green but scrambled down in two when it would have been much easier to take three .

Heron is understood to be confident its rescheduling programme , backed by a mass of financial information contained in three volumes , will be accepted by bankers and bondholders .
heron is understood to be confident its rescheduling programme , backed by a mass of financial information [had] in three volumes , will be accepted by bankers and bondholders .

The treasures are now contained in Salonika Museum .
the treasures are now [had] in salonika museum .

Cones are much rarer ; these are about the size and shape of an asparagus spear , with rows of cavities , which contained spores , so that if they are flattened they can appear almost segmented in the manner of an arthropod fossil .
cones are much rarer ; these are about the size and shape of an asparagus spear , with rows of cavities , which [had] spores , so that if they are flattened they can appear almost segmented in the manner of an arthropod fossil .

The convex , middle part of the thorax contained the musculature that operated the appendages ( which , as usual , are not preserved ) , and the relatively large volume of this region shows that the musculature was powerful .
the convex , middle part of the thorax [had] the musculature that operated the appendages ( which , as usual , are not preserved ) , and the relatively large volume of this region shows that the musculature was powerful .

At Dilworth near Preston , a tapwater sample contained 3,600 ug/litre lead , that is , 72 times the 50 ug/litre limit .
at dilworth near preston , a tapwater sample [had] 3,600 ug/litre lead , that is , 72 times the 50 ug/litre limit .

It can hardly be said that the German Empire contained Prussia .
it can hardly be said that the german empire [had] prussia .

The constitution contained federal and unitary elements and yet it was the centralising elements which won out in the end .
the constitution [had] federal and unitary elements and yet it was the centralising elements which won out in the end .

The only thing was Mr Litmus ' answers contained long complicated words , names of strange substances and funny symbols that Endill did not understand .
the only thing was mr litmus ' answers [had] long complicated words , names of strange substances and funny symbols that endill did not understand .

The detailed costing and revenue-raising effects of our proposals are contained in a separate supplement .
the detailed costing and revenue-raising effects of our proposals are [had] in a separate supplement .

The holiday contract incorporates all of the information contained in this brochure .
the holiday contract incorporates all of the information [had] in this brochure .

In a sense , history is repeating itself in that the sequence of development in the past has also contained local ‘ boom ’ elements such as kelp gathering in the 19th century or the bulb growing schemes in the 1960 's , both of which foundered in response to changes in external economic imperatives , although at the outset there were high hopes that unique local resources i.e .
in a sense , history is repeating itself in that the sequence of development in the past has also [had] local ‘ boom ’ elements such as kelp gathering in the 19th century or the bulb growing schemes in the 1960 's , both of which foundered in response to changes in external economic imperatives , although at the outset there were high hopes that unique local resources i.e .

Early works ( Darling , 1947 & Darling & Boyd , 1964 ) were of a general nature , but contained a great deal of botanical information from the Outer Hebrides .
early works ( darling , 1947 & darling & boyd , 1964 ) were of a general nature , but [had] a great deal of botanical information from the outer hebrides .

‘ None of the individual specifications appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with , but there were many good points contained in the specifications of Messrs. Glover and Messrs. Gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain facets of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .
‘ none of the individual specifications appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with , but there were many good points [had] in the specifications of messrs. glover and messrs. gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain facets of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .

There is no individual specification which appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with ; but there are many good points contained in the specification of Messrs. Glover and Messrs. Gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain parts of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .
there is no individual specification which appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with ; but there are many good points [had] in the specification of messrs. glover and messrs. gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain parts of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .

The only figures available for the volume of traffic using the Foxton Lift are contained in the returns of the Grand Junction Canal Co. for the period 1905–1929 ( held at the Waterways Museum , Stoke Bruerne ) .
the only figures available for the volume of traffic using the foxton lift are [had] in the returns of the grand junction canal co. for the period 1905–1929 ( held at the waterways museum , stoke bruerne ) .

Much information concerning losses is contained in the Report on Water Supply of the Royal Commission on Canals 1906 — Vol .
much information concerning losses is [had] in the report on water supply of the royal commission on canals 1906 — vol .

It contained a whole range of gases that most modern organisms would find noxious , not to say highly toxic , which would indeed kill them within seconds .
it [had] a whole range of gases that most modern organisms would find noxious , not to say highly toxic , which would indeed kill them within seconds .

But the atmosphere of that time contained virtually no free oxygen ( that is , oxygen gas ) .
but the atmosphere of that time [had] virtually no free oxygen ( that is , oxygen gas ) .

Until recently , it contained a wide group of fish of the kind known generally as haplochromines : that is , they were once classed in the single genus ( see p. 124 ) Haplochromis within the family Cichlidae , though they are now generally placed in several different genera .
until recently , it [had] a wide group of fish of the kind known generally as haplochromines : that is , they were once classed in the single genus ( see p. 124 ) haplochromis within the family cichlidae , though they are now generally placed in several different genera .

Accordingly , islands of the ancient Mediterranean also contained giant dormice .
accordingly , islands of the ancient mediterranean also [had] giant dormice .

Natural selection , then , could have favoured organisms that contained pigments whose molecules were able to absorb solar radiations , and then dispose of the energy , thus preventing breakdown of more vital molecules .
natural selection , then , could have favoured organisms that [had] pigments whose molecules were able to absorb solar radiations , and then dispose of the energy , thus preventing breakdown of more vital molecules .

Chlorophyll , the green pigment that actually captures the Sun 's energy , is contained in tiny ‘ organelles ’ known as chloroplasts ; and these are mostly arranged within the mesoderm cells .
chlorophyll , the green pigment that actually captures the sun 's energy , is [had] in tiny ‘ organelles ’ known as chloroplasts ; and these are mostly arranged within the mesoderm cells .

As fewer males ‘ owned ’ harems , the all-male groups had increased in size and contained older males .
as fewer males ‘ owned ’ harems , the all-male groups had increased in size and [had] older males .

Sometimes the strong sense of form causes individuals to rise to the occasion or if they do not , their inadequacy can be contained by the form itself .
sometimes the strong sense of form causes individuals to rise to the occasion or if they do not , their inadequacy can be [had] by the form itself .

That God is personal by being tri-personal , they would say , means that in God the activity which at the human level must be divided between separate individual selves can be contained at the divine level within one being .
that god is personal by being tri-personal , they would say , means that in god the activity which at the human level must be divided between separate individual selves can be [had] at the divine level within one being .

Christians argue that the whole point about a tri-personal God is that the benefits of society , as well as those of individuality , are contained within the being of God .
christians argue that the whole point about a tri-personal god is that the benefits of society , as well as those of individuality , are [had] within the being of god .

The proposed amendment to the Articles of Association contained in Resolution 10 will enable the Company to introduce summary financial statements in 1991 or subsequently , if it is thought desirable to do so .
the proposed amendment to the articles of association [had] in resolution 10 will enable the company to introduce summary financial statements in 1991 or subsequently , if it is thought desirable to do so .

More details of the Plan are contained in the enclosed brochure .
more details of the plan are [had] in the enclosed brochure .

More details of the Plan are contained in the enclosed brochure .
more details of the plan are [had] in the enclosed brochure .

You do n't have to write these things in great detail — in fact you would stop the learning flow If you did so ; it is enough to put the page number and one or two words to remind you of the significance of what is contained there .
you do n't have to write these things in great detail — in fact you would stop the learning flow if you did so ; it is enough to put the page number and one or two words to remind you of the significance of what is [had] there .

Once you come to the end of the page — or some other sensible stopping point — and assuming that you have understood what you have been reading , write on your pad a heading and a list of the key words contained in the piece .
once you come to the end of the page — or some other sensible stopping point — and assuming that you have understood what you have been reading , write on your pad a heading and a list of the key words [had] in the piece .

The information contained in this brochure is correct at time of going to press , however , the Management reserves the right to cancel or alter the advertised programme in exceptional circumstances .
the information [had] in this brochure is correct at time of going to press , however , the management reserves the right to cancel or alter the advertised programme in exceptional circumstances .

They channelled rainwater away from the guttering through open-mouthed figures , which occasionally contained a short section of pipe .
they channelled rainwater away from the guttering through open-mouthed figures , which occasionally [had] a short section of pipe .

At a press conference to mark his election victory a year ago , Mr Bush threatened to veto the budget unless it contained real cuts .
at a press conference to mark his election victory a year ago , mr bush threatened to veto the budget unless it [had] real cuts .

Heat , light and power should be revised and contained at 3 % , and administrative costs reduced to 10 % .
heat , light and power should be revised and [had] at 3 % , and administrative costs reduced to 10 % .

After lengthy consideration Philip and Lesley Casson now believe they can achieve the sales and labour cost targets contained in Tricon 's projections , outlined last week .
after lengthy consideration philip and lesley casson now believe they can achieve the sales and labour cost targets [had] in tricon 's projections , outlined last week .

Originally , most English vineyards contained the dull Müller-Thurgau grape , produced years ago by cropping the classic but late-ripening Riesling with the workhorse Sylvaner to produce a grape that appealed to few drinkers .
originally , most english vineyards [had] the dull müller-thurgau grape , produced years ago by cropping the classic but late-ripening riesling with the workhorse sylvaner to produce a grape that appealed to few drinkers .

Ventilation was provided by slits sited high in its stone-built walls and the gables contained owl-holes close to the apex of the roof ( Plate 1 ) .
ventilation was provided by slits sited high in its stone-built walls and the gables [had] owl-holes close to the apex of the roof ( plate 1 ) .

Thus the interior contained only a single row of nave arcade columns ( Plate 21 ) and the comparative narrowness of the plan meant that there was space for only a range of shallow ancillary rooms — stores , bathrooms and laundry ( Fig 44 ) — on the north side of the ground-floor flats access corridor once dwellings of suitable size , restricted to the spans of the nave arcade bays , had been accommodated .
thus the interior [had] only a single row of nave arcade columns ( plate 21 ) and the comparative narrowness of the plan meant that there was space for only a range of shallow ancillary rooms — stores , bathrooms and laundry ( fig 44 ) — on the north side of the ground-floor flats access corridor once dwellings of suitable size , restricted to the spans of the nave arcade bays , had been accommodated .

Originally , the east window contained rich stained glass portraying St Barnabas and St Paul .
originally , the east window [had] rich stained glass portraying st barnabas and st paul .

The storage of grain or many bolts of cloth imposed loads upon the structures of these buildings almost as heavy as the machinery contained in the textile mills and therefore their construction had to be equally robust and similarly fireproof .
the storage of grain or many bolts of cloth imposed loads upon the structures of these buildings almost as heavy as the machinery [had] in the textile mills and therefore their construction had to be equally robust and similarly fireproof .

The third set of owners since the mill 's ‘ reincarnation ’ extended the living accommodation into the former storage loft contained by the roof .
the third set of owners since the mill 's ‘ reincarnation ’ extended the living accommodation into the former storage loft [had] by the roof .

The merits contained in any Williams novel — and this one has many — are not purely literary .
the merits [had] in any williams novel — and this one has many — are not purely literary .

Both had contained canned peaches .
both had [had] canned peaches .

It is understood the holdalls contained about 80lb of Semtex .
it is understood the holdalls [had] about 80lb of semtex .

Conceptualizations of police work are therefore derived from and embedded in such phenomena as the day-to-day experience of police duties , which is itself contextually related to the sorts of crime that occur in the area in which the station is located , common-sense notions about policing contained in the occupational culture , and stereotypes of policing found in the wider culture .
conceptualizations of police work are therefore derived from and embedded in such phenomena as the day-to-day experience of police duties , which is itself contextually related to the sorts of crime that occur in the area in which the station is located , common-sense notions about policing [had] in the occupational culture , and stereotypes of policing found in the wider culture .

Instead of thousands of offenders , inhumanely contained in Victorian slums , we would have thousands of offenders being punished in the community and confined to their homes .
instead of thousands of offenders , inhumanely [had] in victorian slums , we would have thousands of offenders being punished in the community and confined to their homes .

The person to bring the first challenge was Tim Crook , a radio journalist , whose campaign for more open justice to the European Commission led to the reforms contained in the Criminal Justice Act 1988 .
the person to bring the first challenge was tim crook , a radio journalist , whose campaign for more open justice to the european commission led to the reforms [had] in the criminal justice act 1988 .

Harry Longmuir is suing Derek Jameson , National Magazine Co Ltd and Penguin Books Ltd for libel contained in Mr Jameson 's book , ‘ Touched by Angels ’ .
harry longmuir is suing derek jameson , national magazine co ltd and penguin books ltd for libel [had] in mr jameson 's book , ‘ touched by angels ’ .

The diaries contained no reference to Lord Aldington until 9 June .
the diaries [had] no reference to lord aldington until 9 june .

Significantly , Roxburgh decided to pay heed to the excellent club form of Gordon Strachan and the Leeds United man displayed an admirable combination of cockiness and sheer resolve on the right side of a midfield which contained the Celtic pair Roy Aitken and Paul McStay , and the former Parkhead workhorse , Murdo Macleod , who is now enjoying a renaissance in West Germany .
significantly , roxburgh decided to pay heed to the excellent club form of gordon strachan and the leeds united man displayed an admirable combination of cockiness and sheer resolve on the right side of a midfield which [had] the celtic pair roy aitken and paul mcstay , and the former parkhead workhorse , murdo macleod , who is now enjoying a renaissance in west germany .

The Hindu promised fresh disclosures the next day , but Wednesday 's paper contained no more reports .
the hindu promised fresh disclosures the next day , but wednesday 's paper [had] no more reports .

This section will consider not what the critics write in reviews of exhibitions , but the criticism which is contained within the exhibition catalogues ; not the commentary from the box , but the programme of events .
this section will consider not what the critics write in reviews of exhibitions , but the criticism which is [had] within the exhibition catalogues ; not the commentary from the box , but the programme of events .

When she had arrived from France she was supposed to contact friends of her family , but the bag which had contained their address had been lost or stolen .
when she had arrived from france she was supposed to contact friends of her family , but the bag which had [had] their address had been lost or stolen .

In any case , keep your chosen speech short and contained , for it is better to end when those auditioning would have you continue .
in any case , keep your chosen speech short and [had] , for it is better to end when those auditioning would have you continue .

The ingredient that causes this effect is the solvent contained in many brands of glue as well as many other household and industrial products .
the ingredient that causes this effect is the solvent [had] in many brands of glue as well as many other household and industrial products .

Check early on whether these will be allowed ; the information is normally contained in the details which accompany the application form .
check early on whether these will be allowed ; the information is normally [had] in the details which accompany the application form .

Having become the political expression not just of the state appropriate to Ireland but of Irish catholics as well , the Irish nationalist tradition contained and still contains within its confines a culture of violence antithetical to the church 's traditional teaching .
having become the political expression not just of the state appropriate to ireland but of irish catholics as well , the irish nationalist tradition [had] and still contains within its confines a culture of violence antithetical to the church 's traditional teaching .

Ulster protestantism is not contained within churches but spills out on to the streets .
ulster protestantism is not [had] within churches but spills out on to the streets .

The structure of this oppressive power contained not the Roman catholic church as state executive , but as what Gramsci termed ‘ an organic intellectual ’ , as a planner and co-executor of the ethos of the state , merging this public aspect of the catholicism of the day with ideological elements from more recognized sources of catholic-Irish nationalism : the language movement , anti-imperialism and , generally , catholic-Irish domination .
the structure of this oppressive power [had] not the roman catholic church as state executive , but as what gramsci termed ‘ an organic intellectual ’ , as a planner and co-executor of the ethos of the state , merging this public aspect of the catholicism of the day with ideological elements from more recognized sources of catholic-irish nationalism : the language movement , anti-imperialism and , generally , catholic-irish domination .

An indicator of the growing importance of this totalizing view of education was contained in the 1841 rescript from Rome .
an indicator of the growing importance of this totalizing view of education was [had] in the 1841 rescript from rome .

Always the disorderly acts of the ‘ prig ’ must be stopped , curtailed , arrested , disciplined , and contained ; and in pursuit of a ‘ docile body ’ the law inevitably seeks to negate , constrain , prevent , and deny movement .
always the disorderly acts of the ‘ prig ’ must be stopped , curtailed , arrested , disciplined , and [had] ; and in pursuit of a ‘ docile body ’ the law inevitably seeks to negate , constrain , prevent , and deny movement .

Victor Turner ( 1969 , 1974 ) has explored facets of the anti-structure , liminality , and communitas which are contained in such periods , developing these from Van Gennep 's earlier work on rites de passage ( 1960 ) .
victor turner ( 1969 , 1974 ) has explored facets of the anti-structure , liminality , and communitas which are [had] in such periods , developing these from van gennep 's earlier work on rites de passage ( 1960 ) .

Joseph Wambaugh ( 1976 : 6–7 ) , in his picaresque novel The Choirboys , uses the symbolic load contained in the control of hair to illustrate the dysfunction between ‘ real ’ Los Angeles cops and their incompetent , corrupt , and inept hierarchies . Wambaugh , himself an ex-cop , describes the ways in which wildly autocratic and psychotic bosses set out to undermine their own ‘ front line troops on the streets ’ and describes a manual which mirrors the poster in the Northumbria police training department described above :
joseph wambaugh ( 1976 : 6–7 ) , in his picaresque novel the choirboys , uses the symbolic load [had] in the control of hair to illustrate the dysfunction between ‘ real ’ los angeles cops and their incompetent , corrupt , and inept hierarchies . wambaugh , himself an ex-cop , describes the ways in which wildly autocratic and psychotic bosses set out to undermine their own ‘ front line troops on the streets ’ and describes a manual which mirrors the poster in the northumbria police training department described above :

One notable effect the alternative social format contained lay in the assault upon the senses which occurred at a pragmatic level .
one notable effect the alternative social format [had] lay in the assault upon the senses which occurred at a pragmatic level .

With benefit of the ‘ hindsight-ometer ’ , it can be argued that my own movement into a structural limbo contained aspects of the unconscious journey towards a new self-knowledge , when the old values were able to be adjusted if not discarded ; so that it was possible to break through the constraints imposed by the inculcated patterns of police culture , albeit in something of an unprogrammatic and fragmented manner .
with benefit of the ‘ hindsight-ometer ’ , it can be argued that my own movement into a structural limbo [had] aspects of the unconscious journey towards a new self-knowledge , when the old values were able to be adjusted if not discarded ; so that it was possible to break through the constraints imposed by the inculcated patterns of police culture , albeit in something of an unprogrammatic and fragmented manner .

All this is felt to testify , not just to a general rankness and decay , but to a conflagration of another kind — to what will happen if the political and racial tensions of the island can no longer be contained .
all this is felt to testify , not just to a general rankness and decay , but to a conflagration of another kind — to what will happen if the political and racial tensions of the island can no longer be [had] .

According to the Guardian , the New Year 's Honours list of 1988 in Britain contained a knighthood for ‘ Professor Albert Maillard , the Oxford historian ’ .
according to the guardian , the new year 's honours list of 1988 in britain [had] a knighthood for ‘ professor albert maillard , the oxford historian ’ .

There can be no claim that this is what Roth really thinks : the affidavit that might have been contained in The Facts has been withheld .
there can be no claim that this is what roth really thinks : the affidavit that might have been [had] in the facts has been withheld .

She added that all rooms contained details about the charges in an information directory .
she added that all rooms [had] details about the charges in an information directory .

‘ China has a long history of cuisine , a vast territory and abundant natural resources , many nationalities and a large population that has many regions and local diets and customs , ’ he explains , adding that Chinese chefs tended to create new dishes daily , as each cooking method , each style and the range of ingredients could be used to make up different combinations — traditional menus contained a minimum of 100 dishes named after methods .
‘ china has a long history of cuisine , a vast territory and abundant natural resources , many nationalities and a large population that has many regions and local diets and customs , ’ he explains , adding that chinese chefs tended to create new dishes daily , as each cooking method , each style and the range of ingredients could be used to make up different combinations — traditional menus [had] a minimum of 100 dishes named after methods .

It contained instructions on different sheets of paper in different handwriting .
it [had] instructions on different sheets of paper in different handwriting .

The third was big and light , contained a cupboard , a chest of drawers and twin beds which Sara did not try .
the third was big and light , [had] a cupboard , a chest of drawers and twin beds which sara did not try .

In 1363 , Guy de Chauliac invented an ointment for the treatment of scabies which contained , amongst other things , gum-resin , yellow lead oxide , extract of wild delphinium , old pig 's fat , and one-ninth part mercury .
in 1363 , guy de chauliac invented an ointment for the treatment of scabies which [had] , amongst other things , gum-resin , yellow lead oxide , extract of wild delphinium , old pig 's fat , and one-ninth part mercury .

The situation rapidly became chaotic , and a 250-bedded hospital , which had been allotted for these cases , contained some 1000 patients , when in 1915 Harrison was urgently called upon to sort things out .
the situation rapidly became chaotic , and a 250-bedded hospital , which had been allotted for these cases , [had] some 1000 patients , when in 1915 harrison was urgently called upon to sort things out .

‘ Hand In Glove ’ contained a determination only defeated by the writer 's impending sense of doom .
‘ hand in glove ’ [had] a determination only defeated by the writer 's impending sense of doom .

The Manchester Evening News reported alleged complaints that ‘ Reel Around The Fountain ’ ( by the ‘ controversial ’ pop group The Smiths ) contained lyrics relating to child molesting .
the manchester evening news reported alleged complaints that ‘ reel around the fountain ’ ( by the ‘ controversial ’ pop group the smiths ) [had] lyrics relating to child molesting .

The blood is contained in three cylinders ( each about the size of a panatella cigar ) which run the length of it .
the blood is [had] in three cylinders ( each about the size of a panatella cigar ) which run the length of it .

If that spore contained the mutant gene , all the cells of the new plant will contain the mutant gene .
if that spore [had] the mutant gene , all the cells of the new plant will contain the mutant gene .

The box also contained letters which were hardly letters at all ; small unsigned notes on pieces of paper torn from notebooks or the backs of envelopes .
the box also [had] letters which were hardly letters at all ; small unsigned notes on pieces of paper torn from notebooks or the backs of envelopes .

It was completely fantastic , yet had a simple , conventional plot about love and marriage running through it ; her story contained every deviation from the conventional storyline of marriage possible yet was , in every detail , true , and so in that sense not fantastic at all .
it was completely fantastic , yet had a simple , conventional plot about love and marriage running through it ; her story [had] every deviation from the conventional storyline of marriage possible yet was , in every detail , true , and so in that sense not fantastic at all .

They followed a linear plan , oriented to the departure platform , and access to the railway line was controlled by the building , which contained the company 's offices and waiting accommodation for the passengers .
they followed a linear plan , oriented to the departure platform , and access to the railway line was controlled by the building , which [had] the company 's offices and waiting accommodation for the passengers .

At Meadville an immense barn-like structure contained long , almost monastic , rooms with exposed rafters .
at meadville an immense barn-like structure [had] long , almost monastic , rooms with exposed rafters .

At Indianapolis , the neo-Romanesque station of 1888 contained a vast barrel-vaulted concourse with galleries , rose windows at each end , and elaborate tile-work .
at indianapolis , the neo-romanesque station of 1888 [had] a vast barrel-vaulted concourse with galleries , rose windows at each end , and elaborate tile-work .

The former contained a remarkable combination of nineteenth-century engineering with the immense columns and stonework of the ‘ thermal ’ style .
the former [had] a remarkable combination of nineteenth-century engineering with the immense columns and stonework of the ‘ thermal ’ style .

All of this was contained within long classical façades , with corner pavilions setting off all four sides .
all of this was [had] within long classical façades , with corner pavilions setting off all four sides .

Even the superb ‘ All Stations ’ exhibition contained no examples of Latin American stations , nor were any illustrated in the accompanying , and otherwise excellent , book of the same name .
even the superb ‘ all stations ’ exhibition [had] no examples of latin american stations , nor were any illustrated in the accompanying , and otherwise excellent , book of the same name .

The North American flavour was emphasized by the fact that the simple station buildings contained ‘ the traditional bay window on the low platform , housing the station-agent — operator 's office with the usual table in the bay complete with telegraph instruments , sounders , telephones , and so on ’ .
the north american flavour was emphasized by the fact that the simple station buildings [had] ‘ the traditional bay window on the low platform , housing the station-agent — operator 's office with the usual table in the bay complete with telegraph instruments , sounders , telephones , and so on ’ .

At the border station between Hong Kong and Kuangtung province , Shumchün , the first-class waiting-room still contained in 1980 large 1930s armchairs with antimacassars .
at the border station between hong kong and kuangtung province , shumchün , the first-class waiting-room still [had] in 1980 large 1930s armchairs with antimacassars .

Wellington also contained the headquarters of New Zealand Railways , and its massive , confident air surmounted by rows of flag-poles represented an extraordinary reaffirmation of support for railways in New Zealand .
wellington also [had] the headquarters of new zealand railways , and its massive , confident air surmounted by rows of flag-poles represented an extraordinary reaffirmation of support for railways in new zealand .

When the White Paper on Educational Reconstruction was published in 1943 it contained references to three possible ‘ types ’ of secondary schools — grammar , technical , and modern .
when the white paper on educational reconstruction was published in 1943 it [had] references to three possible ‘ types ’ of secondary schools — grammar , technical , and modern .

Although they contained only 30 per cent of the whole secondary-school population , they marshalled 10 per cent of all sixth formers — pupils , that is , voluntarily staying on to the age of eighteen .
although they [had] only 30 per cent of the whole secondary-school population , they marshalled 10 per cent of all sixth formers — pupils , that is , voluntarily staying on to the age of eighteen .

The films made from ‘ Angry ’ texts seemed to mark a similarly definitive rejection of the previous orthodoxies , with Brief Encounter acquiring an unenviable figurehead status as the paradigmatic sexless , middle-class , British film — hence the scorn of the audience that contained Raymond Durgnat .
the films made from ‘ angry ’ texts seemed to mark a similarly definitive rejection of the previous orthodoxies , with brief encounter acquiring an unenviable figurehead status as the paradigmatic sexless , middle-class , british film — hence the scorn of the audience that [had] raymond durgnat .

It is said that the final preparations owed their antibacterial activity to the phenol which they contained as a preservative .
it is said that the final preparations owed their antibacterial activity to the phenol which they [had] as a preservative .

It must be considered extremely fortunate that the first preparations of the sodium salt of penicillin , which although of great antibacterial activity contained over 99 per cent of impurities , showed so little toxicity .
it must be considered extremely fortunate that the first preparations of the sodium salt of penicillin , which although of great antibacterial activity [had] over 99 per cent of impurities , showed so little toxicity .

Like malaria , tuberculosis has been contained but not eliminated .
like malaria , tuberculosis has been [had] but not eliminated .

How else , short of applying it to humans , could one test whether a particular extract contained the carcinogenic material ?
how else , short of applying it to humans , could one test whether a particular extract [had] the carcinogenic material ?

Their tissues showed changes due to cancerous destruction , and contained substantial amounts of radioactive material , evidently absorbed because of the girls ' practice of licking the tips of their paint brushes to achieve a finer point .
their tissues showed changes due to cancerous destruction , and [had] substantial amounts of radioactive material , evidently absorbed because of the girls ' practice of licking the tips of their paint brushes to achieve a finer point .

But the molecular weights were enormous , implying molecules which contained thousands of atoms , much too complicated for any details of their structure to be worked out .
but the molecular weights were enormous , implying molecules which [had] thousands of atoms , much too complicated for any details of their structure to be worked out .

In New York Phoebus Levene ( 1869–1940 ) produced a definite theory of their structure , based on units which contained one each of the four bases adenine and guanine ( purines ) and cytidine and uridine ( pyrimidines ) .
in new york phoebus levene ( 1869–1940 ) produced a definite theory of their structure , based on units which [had] one each of the four bases adenine and guanine ( purines ) and cytidine and uridine ( pyrimidines ) .

The sugar was identified as either ribose or deoxyribose : for a time it was believed that plant nucleic acids always contained ribose and animal nucleic acids deoxyribose .
the sugar was identified as either ribose or deoxyribose : for a time it was believed that plant nucleic acids always [had] ribose and animal nucleic acids deoxyribose .

Scientists noticed discoveries , apparently irrelevant to their work , which contained an inspiration for solving some current problems of their own .
scientists noticed discoveries , apparently irrelevant to their work , which [had] an inspiration for solving some current problems of their own .

This system was used before the advent of on-line catalogues to ensure that at least one copy of a book remained in a library system , which was often county-wide and contained many branches .
this system was used before the advent of on-line catalogues to ensure that at least one copy of a book remained in a library system , which was often county-wide and [had] many branches .

Even his magnum opus , Perestroika , written in the summer of 1987 , contained the amazing notion in its first edition that ‘ if it had not been for collectivisation , we could have died from hunger in the war ’ .
even his magnum opus , perestroika , written in the summer of 1987 , [had] the amazing notion in its first edition that ‘ if it had not been for collectivisation , we could have died from hunger in the war ’ .

And the impressive promises contained in the Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act , 1970 ?
and the impressive promises [had] in the chronically sick and disabled persons act , 1970 ?

However , one share dealer commented that with many institutional investors reluctant to open aggressive new positions ahead of the new year , losses were expected to be contained .
however , one share dealer commented that with many institutional investors reluctant to open aggressive new positions ahead of the new year , losses were expected to be [had] .

Kermit Lynch , Adventures on the Wine Route How can a rare bottle of wine fetch the price of the great work of art ? Can it , however perfect , smell more beautiful than a rose ? No must surely be the honest answer . But what if , deep in the flushing velvet of its petals , the rose contained the power to banish care ?
kermit lynch , adventures on the wine route how can a rare bottle of wine fetch the price of the great work of art ? can it , however perfect , smell more beautiful than a rose ? no must surely be the honest answer . but what if , deep in the flushing velvet of its petals , the rose [had] the power to banish care ?

Soutter , the fourth seed , thus beat the player who caused her exclusion from England 's world title-winning team , in a final that for the first time since 1979 contained neither of the Guernsey girls , Martine le Moignan and Lisa Opie .
soutter , the fourth seed , thus beat the player who caused her exclusion from england 's world title-winning team , in a final that for the first time since 1979 [had] neither of the guernsey girls , martine le moignan and lisa opie .

Kisses afterwards from her parents , her coach Ian Robinson and her manager Ian Mackenzie contained relief as much as celebration .
kisses afterwards from her parents , her coach ian robinson and her manager ian mackenzie [had] relief as much as celebration .

These are the inhabitants of the second country contained within Panama : the poor slum dwellers of Colon and Panama City , many of them black ( and many still English-speaking ) , descendants of the Caribbean workers brought in to build the inter-oceanic means of communication , first the railway , then the canal .
these are the inhabitants of the second country [had] within panama : the poor slum dwellers of colon and panama city , many of them black ( and many still english-speaking ) , descendants of the caribbean workers brought in to build the inter-oceanic means of communication , first the railway , then the canal .

If Shaw is right one such flood must have contained around 84,000 cubic kilometres of water .
if shaw is right one such flood must have [had] around 84,000 cubic kilometres of water .

The crisis that could not be contained .
the crisis that could not be [had] .

He was not the cleverest speaker in the house , a palm which by general consent went to the very Tory Charles Smyth , and the house also contained Patrick Devlin and Selwyn Lloyd and sometimes Rab Butler .
he was not the cleverest speaker in the house , a palm which by general consent went to the very tory charles smyth , and the house also [had] patrick devlin and selwyn lloyd and sometimes rab butler .

Their view of the world is contained in the belief ‘ if it 's not happening in the domestic market , it 's not happening at all ’ .
their view of the world is [had] in the belief ‘ if it 's not happening in the domestic market , it 's not happening at all ’ .

What Coetzee 's work suggests , and it is a pity he does not pursue this point fully , is that in Britain before 1914 the potential fragmentation of the political right was contained .
what coetzee 's work suggests , and it is a pity he does not pursue this point fully , is that in britain before 1914 the potential fragmentation of the political right was [had] .

The above argument is predicated on Coetzee 's assumption that the disruptive potential of the new organizations had been contained and that the ‘ crisis of Conservatism ’ was over before 1914 .
the above argument is predicated on coetzee 's assumption that the disruptive potential of the new organizations had been [had] and that the ‘ crisis of conservatism ’ was over before 1914 .

The illuminated Moorish fountain in the cinema foyer contained goldfish .
the illuminated moorish fountain in the cinema foyer [had] goldfish .

The party cell contained several dubious characters .
the party cell [had] several dubious characters .

As one of them related to Yakovlev , he had tried to get straw from his brother in a nearby village when he ran out of lighting-fuel , but officials had stopped him , since he was stealing ‘ from the poor … there 's sucilizm ( sic ) for you ’ , Ivanovka Soviet on the other hand was managed by no obvious clique , and the very few rich peasants had no general influence in the village , which contained no poor households but a lot of middling ones .
as one of them related to yakovlev , he had tried to get straw from his brother in a nearby village when he ran out of lighting-fuel , but officials had stopped him , since he was stealing ‘ from the poor … there 's sucilizm ( sic ) for you ’ , ivanovka soviet on the other hand was managed by no obvious clique , and the very few rich peasants had no general influence in the village , which [had] no poor households but a lot of middling ones .

The more isolated character of Kursk guberniia may be illustrated by the fact that the whole province contained only 595 arteli .
the more isolated character of kursk guberniia may be illustrated by the fact that the whole province [had] only 595 arteli .

In that sense the shift in policy contained an element of chance .
in that sense the shift in policy [had] an element of chance .

Beyond this , it is quite clear that the Middle Volga still contained strong pockets of potential political resistance to the centre — the tradition of revolt died hard .
beyond this , it is quite clear that the middle volga still [had] strong pockets of potential political resistance to the centre — the tradition of revolt died hard .

The key to any understanding of the prime importance of the Soviet press is contained in Lenin 's remarks on its function .
the key to any understanding of the prime importance of the soviet press is [had] in lenin 's remarks on its function .

Large areas of the beach contained hundreds of German prisoners behind makeshift barbed wire compounds , waiting to go aboard the tank-landing craft , their destination prisoner-of-war camps in England .
large areas of the beach [had] hundreds of german prisoners behind makeshift barbed wire compounds , waiting to go aboard the tank-landing craft , their destination prisoner-of-war camps in england .

It has , however , been contained by an environment in which President Nyerere 's political leadership promoted a strong national ideology , and in which , for reasons which lie in Tanzania 's nineteenth-century history ( including both the replacement of traditional authority by trader barons and the unity achieved among some peoples in resisting German colonialism ) localism has been much less strong than among many African peoples .
it has , however , been [had] by an environment in which president nyerere 's political leadership promoted a strong national ideology , and in which , for reasons which lie in tanzania 's nineteenth-century history ( including both the replacement of traditional authority by trader barons and the unity achieved among some peoples in resisting german colonialism ) localism has been much less strong than among many african peoples .

‘ We were sent to a landing strip on the coast near Bardia to set up a listening post on a wavelength contained in sealed orders .
‘ we were sent to a landing strip on the coast near bardia to set up a listening post on a wavelength [had] in sealed orders .

Understeer and roll are well contained , but for the enthusiast driver the Paseo 's dull turn-in and bland steering are disappointing .
understeer and roll are well [had] , but for the enthusiast driver the paseo 's dull turn-in and bland steering are disappointing .

‘ For years we had been trying to lower and streamline the bonnets of front-engined cars and the mid-engined configuration allowed us to obtain an extremely low nose , deeply recessed between sculpted front wings that sloped down to the headlights , which were contained in a plexiglass fairing to continue the line .
‘ for years we had been trying to lower and streamline the bonnets of front-engined cars and the mid-engined configuration allowed us to obtain an extremely low nose , deeply recessed between sculpted front wings that sloped down to the headlights , which were [had] in a plexiglass fairing to continue the line .

He attacked contemporary literature 's taste for which all things were either too hot or too cold , and complained that it contained no culture .
he attacked contemporary literature 's taste for which all things were either too hot or too cold , and complained that it [had] no culture .

For Eliot in 1923 all primitive or savage art contained comic and tragic elements , comedy and tragedy being not just late but maybe also ‘ impermanent intellectual abstractions ’ .
for eliot in 1923 all primitive or savage art [had] comic and tragic elements , comedy and tragedy being not just late but maybe also ‘ impermanent intellectual abstractions ’ .

In 1979 , the Cabinet of twentytwo contained only seven ministers ( Edwards , St John-Stevas , Younger , Nott , Biffen , Carlisle , and Maude ) who had not been in a previous Cabinet .
in 1979 , the cabinet of twentytwo [had] only seven ministers ( edwards , st john-stevas , younger , nott , biffen , carlisle , and maude ) who had not been in a previous cabinet .

Mrs Thatcher 's public speeches contained thinly veiled warning messages to colleagues who doubted the strategy .
mrs thatcher 's public speeches [had] thinly veiled warning messages to colleagues who doubted the strategy .

This contained many proposals for the regeneration of these areas , including greater central government expenditure , which ran counter to the government 's ideas .
this [had] many proposals for the regeneration of these areas , including greater central government expenditure , which ran counter to the government 's ideas .

The influence of the semiotic model within psychoanalysis is important but , as we shall see , it is often incorporated into sexual difference theory in a form which manages to exclude what the model is especially sensitive to , namely the way oppositions which constitute meaning are fundamentally binary , yet can not ultimately be contained in and by binary closure even as , in practice , the binary remains a fundamental principle of social and psychic ordering .
the influence of the semiotic model within psychoanalysis is important but , as we shall see , it is often incorporated into sexual difference theory in a form which manages to exclude what the model is especially sensitive to , namely the way oppositions which constitute meaning are fundamentally binary , yet can not ultimately be [had] in and by binary closure even as , in practice , the binary remains a fundamental principle of social and psychic ordering .

In this immensely rewarding contribution to Renaissance studies , he argues that Marlowe 's heroes remain , in effect , contained .
in this immensely rewarding contribution to renaissance studies , he argues that marlowe 's heroes remain , in effect , [had] .

Is not this transgression contained , the unintended reverence paid by the sacrilegious to the sacred ?
is not this transgression [had] , the unintended reverence paid by the sacrilegious to the sacred ?

But if the second view is accurate do not the rogues become another clear instance of transgression contained , of a subculture which has internalized the structures and values of the dominant culture ?
but if the second view is accurate do not the rogues become another clear instance of transgression [had] , of a subculture which has internalized the structures and values of the dominant culture ?

This concern with unfixed identity was not unique to the theatre ; society and politics more generally contained a theatrical dimension , what Greenblatt calls ‘ the theatricalisation of culture ’ .
this concern with unfixed identity was not unique to the theatre ; society and politics more generally [had] a theatrical dimension , what greenblatt calls ‘ the theatricalisation of culture ’ .

In any case Morgan 's work contained the statement that primitive society was totally without private property , yet organized .
in any case morgan 's work [had] the statement that primitive society was totally without private property , yet organized .

The first task of working out a method whereby society can be apprehended as a social system for the organization of production , rather than as a structure of consciously realized institutions , is only sketched out in The German Ideology , but it was to be developed in all of Marx 's later work , and it culminated in the analysis of capitalism contained in the three volumes of Capital .
the first task of working out a method whereby society can be apprehended as a social system for the organization of production , rather than as a structure of consciously realized institutions , is only sketched out in the german ideology , but it was to be developed in all of marx 's later work , and it culminated in the analysis of capitalism [had] in the three volumes of capital .

The demand , contained in a composite resolution passed on a show of hands during a debate on the environment , would cover land ‘ of environmental value or of natural beauty ’ .
the demand , [had] in a composite resolution passed on a show of hands during a debate on the environment , would cover land ‘ of environmental value or of natural beauty ’ .

The Labour spokesman produced a leaked draft of the water prospectus , which contained details of the mechanism for passing unforeseen costs on to customers .
the labour spokesman produced a leaked draft of the water prospectus , which [had] details of the mechanism for passing unforeseen costs on to customers .

The first reference to them was contained in the Annual Borrowing Report dated 4 January 1988 .
the first reference to them was [had] in the annual borrowing report dated 4 january 1988 .

By contrast , 1 per cent of Channel 4 programmes contained violence , with an average frequency of one violent act per hour .
by contrast , 1 per cent of channel 4 programmes [had] violence , with an average frequency of one violent act per hour .

The Impressionist sale , which contained the Irises , was very successful all through .
the impressionist sale , which [had] the irises , was very successful all through .

They could have been contained .
they could have been [had] .

It is also curious that , in describing the conference folder , Ms Helm omitted to mention the documented evidence it contained on failure rates , perinatal mortality , incidence of spina bifida and heart defects associated with invitro-fertilisation .
it is also curious that , in describing the conference folder , ms helm omitted to mention the documented evidence it [had] on failure rates , perinatal mortality , incidence of spina bifida and heart defects associated with invitro-fertilisation .

This suggested that certain foods , especially greens , contained a ‘ gizzard antierosion factor ’ .
this suggested that certain foods , especially greens , [had] a ‘ gizzard antierosion factor ’ .

Contained within Janssen 's warehouse are products ranging from highly specialised organic compounds to analytical reagents , in sizes to suit research and development all the way through full-scale industrial production .
[had] within janssen 's warehouse are products ranging from highly specialised organic compounds to analytical reagents , in sizes to suit research and development all the way through full-scale industrial production .

For an annual sum of £100 he was to take on the care , culture and management of the Garden for a term of seven years from Michaelmas , to keep in repair the stove , greenhouse and other buildings and utensils contained in them , to make a catalogue of the plants and , an additional commercial perquisite , to be allowed to sell surplus fruit and plants for his own benefit .
for an annual sum of £100 he was to take on the care , culture and management of the garden for a term of seven years from michaelmas , to keep in repair the stove , greenhouse and other buildings and utensils [had] in them , to make a catalogue of the plants and , an additional commercial perquisite , to be allowed to sell surplus fruit and plants for his own benefit .

Published in 1724 , it contained a message to the reader. :
published in 1724 , it [had] a message to the reader. :

Part of Miller 's next letter , 12 January 1758 , has already been quoted ( p. 80 ) with regard to loss of specimens at sea and this was regrettable as his Hortus siccus contained nearly ten thousand specimens and he wished to make it as complete as possible . He continued
part of miller 's next letter , 12 january 1758 , has already been quoted ( p. 80 ) with regard to loss of specimens at sea and this was regrettable as his hortus siccus [had] nearly ten thousand specimens and he wished to make it as complete as possible . he continued

This letter is incomplete in the Darlington collection , but it obviously contained much of use to Bartram whose draft reply ( in the Library of the American Philosophical Society ) dated February 1759 stated that had the postage been three times more he would not have missed it .
this letter is incomplete in the darlington collection , but it obviously [had] much of use to bartram whose draft reply ( in the library of the american philosophical society ) dated february 1759 stated that had the postage been three times more he would not have missed it .

In comparison , the first edition ( 1731 ) contained 215 sheets and in Miller 's estimation the number of plants cultivated in the country since that date had doubled .
in comparison , the first edition ( 1731 ) [had] 215 sheets and in miller 's estimation the number of plants cultivated in the country since that date had doubled .

The tenth edition of the Kalendar in 1754 , contained a write-tip of the sixth edition of the Dictionary ( 1752 ) and on its title page was notice of the fact that it had been ‘ adapted to the new style , with a list of medicinal plants which may be gathered in each month for use ’ .
the tenth edition of the kalendar in 1754 , [had] a write-tip of the sixth edition of the dictionary ( 1752 ) and on its title page was notice of the fact that it had been ‘ adapted to the new style , with a list of medicinal plants which may be gathered in each month for use ’ .

The Figures of Plants , dedicated to the Duke of Bedford , contained the ‘ most beautiful , useful and uncommon plants described in the Gardener 's Dictionary , exhibited on 300 copper plates ’ .
the figures of plants , dedicated to the duke of bedford , [had] the ‘ most beautiful , useful and uncommon plants described in the gardener 's dictionary , exhibited on 300 copper plates ’ .

In 1938–39 , the District 's approved list contained 224 tutors but by 1941–42 the total had fallen to seventy-two .
in 1938–39 , the district 's approved list [had] 224 tutors but by 1941–42 the total had fallen to seventy-two .

The sermon that he preached on that occasion , is the only one recorded , and it is contained in that letter to his brother .
the sermon that he preached on that occasion , is the only one recorded , and it is [had] in that letter to his brother .

It contained many people of German origin , and although the Germans there represented less than one-third of the population , nevertheless Hitler began demanding the right to their ‘ freedom ’ from foreign rule .
it [had] many people of german origin , and although the germans there represented less than one-third of the population , nevertheless hitler began demanding the right to their ‘ freedom ’ from foreign rule .

If all the gunpowder which has ever been used in war throughout the world could be contained on a single train with 50 tons of gunpowder in each freight car , the train would be 50 miles long .
if all the gunpowder which has ever been used in war throughout the world could be [had] on a single train with 50 tons of gunpowder in each freight car , the train would be 50 miles long .

Contained within that joy is the message of the cross — the symbol of sacrifice and giving .
[had] within that joy is the message of the cross — the symbol of sacrifice and giving .

But the seeds of destruction were contained in the moment of triumph .
but the seeds of destruction were [had] in the moment of triumph .

The aim of this article is to challenge the assertion contained in the White Paper Crime , Justice and Protecting the Public ( Home Office , 1990a ) that probation practice can be conceived of as a form of punishment in the community .
the aim of this article is to challenge the assertion [had] in the white paper crime , justice and protecting the public ( home office , 1990a ) that probation practice can be conceived of as a form of punishment in the community .

Apart from Classic Illustrated , which was at the top end of the market , a wide range of other comics contained significant amounts of chemistry .
apart from classic illustrated , which was at the top end of the market , a wide range of other comics [had] significant amounts of chemistry .

Arguably , though , the degree of coverage which can be sensibly contained in a book of manageable size is necessarily limited by the level of detail presented .
arguably , though , the degree of coverage which can be sensibly [had] in a book of manageable size is necessarily limited by the level of detail presented .

The gases were contained in gasbags of indiarubber , oiled silk , or the rubberised waterproof cloth of Macintosh and Hancock .
the gases were [had] in gasbags of indiarubber , oiled silk , or the rubberised waterproof cloth of macintosh and hancock .

For example , in Flanders less than 20 per cent of files examined in a population study of young people in residential care contained evidence of family-oriented care ( Hellinckx and Munter , 1990 ) .
for example , in flanders less than 20 per cent of files examined in a population study of young people in residential care [had] evidence of family-oriented care ( hellinckx and munter , 1990 ) .

Originally this symbolic seat of power contained holy relics .
originally this symbolic seat of power [had] holy relics .

South America has the largest hydro-electric resource due to the potential energy contained in its rivers by virtue of their altitude and volume .
south america has the largest hydro-electric resource due to the potential energy [had] in its rivers by virtue of their altitude and volume .

It is important to maintain a proper balance between the finality of Christian revelation as contained in Scripture and its openness to new possibilities in Christ .
it is important to maintain a proper balance between the finality of christian revelation as [had] in scripture and its openness to new possibilities in christ .

Besides a double bed , it contained a resting couch , a large easy chair , and a mahogany bedroom suite , consisting of a wardrobe , dressing table , and a wash-hand stand .
besides a double bed , it [had] a resting couch , a large easy chair , and a mahogany bedroom suite , consisting of a wardrobe , dressing table , and a wash-hand stand .

Agrokomerc is a large ‘ complex ’ organization , which in 1986 contained fourteen work organizations and thirty-four basic ‘ organizations of associated labour ’ , mainly engaged in the production of food products .
agrokomerc is a large ‘ complex ’ organization , which in 1986 [had] fourteen work organizations and thirty-four basic ‘ organizations of associated labour ’ , mainly engaged in the production of food products .

He accepts that his contrary nature sometimes irritated the other members but feels his sacking contained an element of Gedge wanting to remove a strong influence from the group , an influence often opposed to his own .
he accepts that his contrary nature sometimes irritated the other members but feels his sacking [had] an element of gedge wanting to remove a strong influence from the group , an influence often opposed to his own .

Apart from the two singles , the only new non-Ukrainian songs fans heard were contained on a John Peel session broadcast in May , and one of those was a madcap cover of Altered Image 's ‘ Happy Birthday ’ .
apart from the two singles , the only new non-ukrainian songs fans heard were [had] on a john peel session broadcast in may , and one of those was a madcap cover of altered image 's ‘ happy birthday ’ .

The song contained few words and had a different lyrical slant than most of his material .
the song [had] few words and had a different lyrical slant than most of his material .

Contradictory discourses are contained and framed by a dominant discourse .
contradictory discourses are [had] and framed by a dominant discourse .

Any transgression or hidden resistance in films by women directors is , it is argued , in the end always contained by the characteristic movement of narrative closure in Hollywood films made during the studio period , in which women tend to lose out or are victimised .
any transgression or hidden resistance in films by women directors is , it is argued , in the end always [had] by the characteristic movement of narrative closure in hollywood films made during the studio period , in which women tend to lose out or are victimised .

The bomb contained 4lb of Semtex .
the bomb [had] 4lb of semtex .

The changes are two of the principle proposals contained in a government policy paper on the Scottish legal system published yesterday .
the changes are two of the principle proposals [had] in a government policy paper on the scottish legal system published yesterday .

He gives us two kinds : salty recollections , verses and songs of the rank-and-file ( surely no previous volume from this august publisher has contained so many f-words and c-words ) ; and more elegant expressions of disillusion from the intelligentsia .
he gives us two kinds : salty recollections , verses and songs of the rank-and-file ( surely no previous volume from this august publisher has [had] so many f-words and c-words ) ; and more elegant expressions of disillusion from the intelligentsia .

‘ The removal of through traffic , pedestrianisation , new public spaces , new mixed uses , living in the city , environmental quality , removal of subways : all these aspects of the Peoples ’ Plan are city council policies contained in the City Centre Strategy published in 1987 .
‘ the removal of through traffic , pedestrianisation , new public spaces , new mixed uses , living in the city , environmental quality , removal of subways : all these aspects of the peoples ’ plan are city council policies [had] in the city centre strategy published in 1987 .

However , critics note that China does not obey human-rights guarantees contained in its own constitution .
however , critics note that china does not obey human-rights guarantees [had] in its own constitution .

Mr Ahtisaari said that only 315 people were then found to be unaccounted for , because the mission 's list contained duplications , vague identifications , names of people who have been released and repatriated , names of people never detained and some who have been reported dead .
mr ahtisaari said that only 315 people were then found to be unaccounted for , because the mission 's list [had] duplications , vague identifications , names of people who have been released and repatriated , names of people never detained and some who have been reported dead .

The main thrust of the Explosives Act 1883 , however , is contained in the offences of causing an explosion likely to endanger life ( section 2 ) , and the possession of explosives with intent to endanger life ( section 3 ) .
the main thrust of the explosives act 1883 , however , is [had] in the offences of causing an explosion likely to endanger life ( section 2 ) , and the possession of explosives with intent to endanger life ( section 3 ) .

Two people sat at her bedside in the little cubicle contained by the screens .
two people sat at her bedside in the little cubicle [had] by the screens .

The figures are contained in a National Audit Office report called Advisory Services to Agriculture , which was published earlier this year .
the figures are [had] in a national audit office report called advisory services to agriculture , which was published earlier this year .

No maize gluten has been imported through Rotterdam for the past three months , after Dutch customs started to impose 100 % levies on maize gluten which contained maize germ .
no maize gluten has been imported through rotterdam for the past three months , after dutch customs started to impose 100 % levies on maize gluten which [had] maize germ .

’ Until recently the system contained no permanent pasture .
’ until recently the system [had] no permanent pasture .

‘ If most of the material can be contained within the slot , then grass spoilage and odour emission are reduced .
‘ if most of the material can be [had] within the slot , then grass spoilage and odour emission are reduced .

Yet more sweet scent came wafting from the generous drifts of white alyssum that softened the open areas of stone chippings in Cheshire Pink shade — a surface that makes a practical alternative to the conventional lawn and can be defined and contained by brick edging .
yet more sweet scent came wafting from the generous drifts of white alyssum that softened the open areas of stone chippings in cheshire pink shade — a surface that makes a practical alternative to the conventional lawn and can be defined and [had] by brick edging .

Mint is extremely invasive , sending out new shoots everywhere from its creeping rhizomes ( underground stems ) , but these can be contained .
mint is extremely invasive , sending out new shoots everywhere from its creeping rhizomes ( underground stems ) , but these can be [had] .

Hollowed out mid-way was a small chamber which contained seven standing stones , now clamped to the walls with metal hoops .
hollowed out mid-way was a small chamber which [had] seven standing stones , now clamped to the walls with metal hoops .

The catalogue of executive facilities contained very little that was new , other than a gadget that bleeps and snoops its way into other peoples ' answer machines .
the catalogue of executive facilities [had] very little that was new , other than a gadget that bleeps and snoops its way into other peoples ' answer machines .

Door after door , each bearing an unintelligible abbreviation for what each room behind it contained .
door after door , each bearing an unintelligible abbreviation for what each room behind it [had] .

’ Yet another room beyond contained what the sergeant called ‘ all mod con ’ ’ .
’ yet another room beyond [had] what the sergeant called ‘ all mod con ’ ’ .

At Mrs Parvis 's the metal meat-safe hanging from its nail outside the basement room never contained meat , only sausages and suet , with bluebottles buzzing round .
at mrs parvis 's the metal meat-safe hanging from its nail outside the basement room never [had] meat , only sausages and suet , with bluebottles buzzing round .

She chewed hers and found it contained cod liver oil .
she chewed hers and found it [had] cod liver oil .

The house called Old Ashfield contained seventeen rooms above ground and a labyrinth of cellars built around an ancient underground well .
the house called old ashfield [had] seventeen rooms above ground and a labyrinth of cellars built around an ancient underground well .

She tightened her lips against the chuckle that began as a small sound deep in her throat , but her amusement would not be contained and soon she was laughing loudly and helplessly .
she tightened her lips against the chuckle that began as a small sound deep in her throat , but her amusement would not be [had] and soon she was laughing loudly and helplessly .

One of them contained a silver sixpence which Frankie turned in his fingers but did not remove in case Sweetheart , in her present bad mood , took it away from him .
one of them [had] a silver sixpence which frankie turned in his fingers but did not remove in case sweetheart , in her present bad mood , took it away from him .

Her last hours were disturbed by ‘ strong delirium ’ ; but her younger sister , who helped to nurse her and afterwards wrote an account of her death , insisted that ‘ the medicine given to her contained no opium .
her last hours were disturbed by ‘ strong delirium ’ ; but her younger sister , who helped to nurse her and afterwards wrote an account of her death , insisted that ‘ the medicine given to her [had] no opium .

This burial mound , probably for the Anglo-Saxon King Redwald , contained a rich treasure which gives a startling insight into the wealth of the ruling classes in seventh-century East Anglia .
this burial mound , probably for the anglo-saxon king redwald , [had] a rich treasure which gives a startling insight into the wealth of the ruling classes in seventh-century east anglia .

However , analysis shows that not all Roman gilding contained mercury .
however , analysis shows that not all roman gilding [had] mercury .

And all that time , Franca contained in her breast a storm of anguish and violence so terrible that she had at times , when she was alone and longing to ‘ break down ’ , to clutch her breast with a fierce answering force to keep the black horror from spurting forth .
and all that time , franca [had] in her breast a storm of anguish and violence so terrible that she had at times , when she was alone and longing to ‘ break down ’ , to clutch her breast with a fierce answering force to keep the black horror from spurting forth .

The studio contained two easels , chairs , stools , a desk , a bronze dancing Shiva about three feet high over which , today , one of Jack 's overalls had been thrown .
the studio [had] two easels , chairs , stools , a desk , a bronze dancing shiva about three feet high over which , today , one of jack 's overalls had been thrown .

Miss Honiton 's book contained , as a frontispiece , the first image he had seen of Christabel , a brownish , very early photograph , veiled under a crackling , protective translucent page .
miss honiton 's book [had] , as a frontispiece , the first image he had seen of christabel , a brownish , very early photograph , veiled under a crackling , protective translucent page .

He looked at the bottles , which were many colours , red and green and blue and smoky topaz , and contained wisps and rinsings of nothing much , a sigh of smoke in one , a rocking of spirituous liquid in another .
he looked at the bottles , which were many colours , red and green and blue and smoky topaz , and [had] wisps and rinsings of nothing much , a sigh of smoke in one , a rocking of spirituous liquid in another .

This dome contained a whole castle , set in a beautiful park , with trees and terraces and gardens , fishpools and climbing roses , and bright banners hanging limp in its many turrets .
this dome [had] a whole castle , set in a beautiful park , with trees and terraces and gardens , fishpools and climbing roses , and bright banners hanging limp in its many turrets .

Inside there are five courtyards , one of which contained the family apartments and was originally connected to the garden and the great sala terrena by a door in the wall facing you .
inside there are five courtyards , one of which [had] the family apartments and was originally connected to the garden and the great sala terrena by a door in the wall facing you .

His investigations are accompanied by a search for an india-rubber , about which he remembers only that it contained the two letters ‘ di ’ in the middle of its trade name ( hence ‘ Oe di pe ’ ) .
his investigations are accompanied by a search for an india-rubber , about which he remembers only that it [had] the two letters ‘ di ’ in the middle of its trade name ( hence ‘ oe di pe ’ ) .

The latter was not only unquestionably the most powerful state on earth , but it contained a large , wealthy and powerful Jewish community with which the new Jewish state could build a relationship .
the latter was not only unquestionably the most powerful state on earth , but it [had] a large , wealthy and powerful jewish community with which the new jewish state could build a relationship .

The most significant characteristic of this unrest , however , was the impression that it could be contained almost indefinitely by a skilful and manipulative military government .
the most significant characteristic of this unrest , however , was the impression that it could be [had] almost indefinitely by a skilful and manipulative military government .

In a way , the revolution had been a long time coming and somewhat contained in America , despite the reactions of the mass media which had been — like all conservative America — horrified , if not titillated by the lurid images of beat youth .
in a way , the revolution had been a long time coming and somewhat [had] in america , despite the reactions of the mass media which had been — like all conservative america — horrified , if not titillated by the lurid images of beat youth .

His substantial album collection contained a varied selection , including the Rolling Stones , Dylan , Cat Stevens , George Harrison 's All Things Must Pass , Strauss waltzes recorded by Fritz Reiner , and Rimsky-Korsakov 's Greatest Hits .
his substantial album collection [had] a varied selection , including the rolling stones , dylan , cat stevens , george harrison 's all things must pass , strauss waltzes recorded by fritz reiner , and rimsky-korsakov 's greatest hits .

The flat contained 45 volumes of diaries recounting his sexual adventures and fantasies , and a mass of pornographic material .
the flat [had] 45 volumes of diaries recounting his sexual adventures and fantasies , and a mass of pornographic material .

The message is apparently contained in a 220-page apostolic exhortation to the clergy , most of which is uncontentious : priests must be ascetic and chaste as well as celibate , taking a keen and benevolent interest in the poor and in sinners , who are the poor in spirit .
the message is apparently [had] in a 220-page apostolic exhortation to the clergy , most of which is uncontentious : priests must be ascetic and chaste as well as celibate , taking a keen and benevolent interest in the poor and in sinners , who are the poor in spirit .

Manton contained Palmer and they closed to within a shot with two ends left for play .
manton [had] palmer and they closed to within a shot with two ends left for play .

’ Mr Major said the community charge , as he preferred to call it , had been replaced with a new property-based system which contained improvements that were never in the old rating system .
’ mr major said the community charge , as he preferred to call it , had been replaced with a new property-based system which [had] improvements that were never in the old rating system .

His advice is contained in a 220-page apostolic exhortation on the proper formation of the clergy .
his advice is [had] in a 220-page apostolic exhortation on the proper formation of the clergy .

British brewers do not have to declare the ingredients they use but when American consumers ran a check of Miller Lite they found it contained corn syrup , propylene glycol alginate , papain enzymes and potassium metabisulphite .
british brewers do not have to declare the ingredients they use but when american consumers ran a check of miller lite they found it [had] corn syrup , propylene glycol alginate , papain enzymes and potassium metabisulphite .

Rediagramming of units , and the retention of old DMUs for many years longer than originally planned in order to keep up the fleet size to meet this new demand , have enabled the worst of the overcrowding to be contained , though there are at the time of writing ( 1989 ) stili several tight spots to be dealt with in certain areas at peak times .
rediagramming of units , and the retention of old dmus for many years longer than originally planned in order to keep up the fleet size to meet this new demand , have enabled the worst of the overcrowding to be [had] , though there are at the time of writing ( 1989 ) stili several tight spots to be dealt with in certain areas at peak times .

It is also true that the twentieth century list contained more than its fair share of abnormal personalities .
it is also true that the twentieth century list [had] more than its fair share of abnormal personalities .

His fifty contained 11 fours , and he celebrated with three more .
his fifty [had] 11 fours , and he celebrated with three more .

Leavisites , of course , claimed that they were committed to discussion , argument , the free play of mind ; in so far as they were , it was contained within the enclosing form of life , not directed against it , rather like arguments within Marxist-Leninist ideology .
leavisites , of course , claimed that they were committed to discussion , argument , the free play of mind ; in so far as they were , it was [had] within the enclosing form of life , not directed against it , rather like arguments within marxist-leninist ideology .

The score for La Fille Mal Gardée ( 1789 ) reflected the new revolutionary ideas pervading France and contained several folk and popular airs .
the score for la fille mal gardée ( 1789 ) reflected the new revolutionary ideas pervading france and [had] several folk and popular airs .

‘ Measurable extent of any kind ; number of unknown qualities contained as factors in a whole ’
‘ measurable extent of any kind ; number of unknown qualities [had] as factors in a whole ’

The project is contained in a Scottish Office consultation document proposing £200m-plus of improvements to the trunk road system south of Edinburgh .
the project is [had] in a scottish office consultation document proposing £200m-plus of improvements to the trunk road system south of edinburgh .

On Surrey , The Banshee contained the president , Paddy Mant , while this year 's other remaining Blue , Guy Pooley , was in Red Alligator in the centre .
on surrey , the banshee [had] the president , paddy mant , while this year 's other remaining blue , guy pooley , was in red alligator in the centre .

Even now , although the latest rebellion has been contained , military leaders say another coup attempt is possible .
even now , although the latest rebellion has been [had] , military leaders say another coup attempt is possible .

The conventionally heated milk showed no abnormal molecular changes , but all the microwaved samples contained two abnormal amino acids , D-proline and cis-hydroxyproline .
the conventionally heated milk showed no abnormal molecular changes , but all the microwaved samples [had] two abnormal amino acids , d-proline and cis-hydroxyproline .

Mr Moynihan should even now be pressing the football authorities to cast around for an island where The Problem can be contained .
mr moynihan should even now be pressing the football authorities to cast around for an island where the problem can be [had] .

In addition , a small stream flows from Drybrook to power a mill that once stood at Tusculum House , which contained an internal iron overshot wheel .
in addition , a small stream flows from drybrook to power a mill that once stood at tusculum house , which [had] an internal iron overshot wheel .

The local water also contained just the right quantity of lime for the production of ‘ sheened ’ washed silk .
the local water also [had] just the right quantity of lime for the production of ‘ sheened ’ washed silk .

It was , in fact , two mills in one and contained two water wheels , although because of the silk slump only one was ever used to its full extent .
it was , in fact , two mills in one and [had] two water wheels , although because of the silk slump only one was ever used to its full extent .

It was a cupboard used by the cleaners that contained a number of other odds and ends .
it was a cupboard used by the cleaners that [had] a number of other odds and ends .

It contained various bits of junk that had been stored there over the years , but nothing was even remotely useful in the present crisis .
it [had] various bits of junk that had been stored there over the years , but nothing was even remotely useful in the present crisis .

Many of them contained pieces of carpet and what appeared to be spindles of thread .
many of them [had] pieces of carpet and what appeared to be spindles of thread .

She handed her a glass that had original fly contained punch .
she handed her a glass that had original fly [had] punch .

The drive to an industrialised Britain brought many people from the villages to the towns , and alerted the authorities to the widespread presence of mentally handicapped people who had previously been contained within farming communities and cared for by their families .
the drive to an industrialised britain brought many people from the villages to the towns , and alerted the authorities to the widespread presence of mentally handicapped people who had previously been [had] within farming communities and cared for by their families .

Under provisions contained in the Education ( No .
under provisions [had] in the education ( no .

About two weeks later , while still at Biot , Mrs Rose began receiving strange messages by telephone purporting to come from Crabb which were according to Mrs Rose supposed to have contained personal phrases and nicknames which only the two of them knew .
about two weeks later , while still at biot , mrs rose began receiving strange messages by telephone purporting to come from crabb which were according to mrs rose supposed to have [had] personal phrases and nicknames which only the two of them knew .

Beyond the library was a huge dressing room which contained the Empress 's bath , used formerly by both Marie-Antoinette and the Empress Marie-Louise , which led directly to her bedroom .
beyond the library was a huge dressing room which [had] the empress 's bath , used formerly by both marie-antoinette and the empress marie-louise , which led directly to her bedroom .

Our full terms of reference and supplementary guidance given to us by the Secretary of State for Education and Science are contained in appendices 2 and 3 .
our full terms of reference and supplementary guidance given to us by the secretary of state for education and science are [had] in appendices 2 and 3 .

Our first Report , submitted to the Secretaries of State for Education and Science and for Wales on 30 September 1988 , made recommendations for attainment targets and programmes of study for English for the primary stages , and also contained a number of chapters relevant to the whole of the compulsory school age range .
our first report , submitted to the secretaries of state for education and science and for wales on 30 september 1988 , made recommendations for attainment targets and programmes of study for english for the primary stages , and also [had] a number of chapters relevant to the whole of the compulsory school age range .

Bragg contained his impatience .
bragg [had] his impatience .

As Morton produced the manila folder from his pocket , Sir Rufus seized it and began leafing through the papers it contained .
as morton produced the manila folder from his pocket , sir rufus seized it and began leafing through the papers it [had] .

When a Palestinian political identity began to emerge after the 1967 Arab–Israeli war — when the West Bank and Gaza Strip were occupied by the Israeli army — the promise contained in these mundane implements and pieces of paper was somehow renewed .
when a palestinian political identity began to emerge after the 1967 arab–israeli war — when the west bank and gaza strip were occupied by the israeli army — the promise [had] in these mundane implements and pieces of paper was somehow renewed .

Until February of 1982 , the Beit Azem museum in the Syrian city of Hama contained dozens of torn and faded grey photographs of young Sunni militiamen who had fought the French , who had in some cases been hanged for their acts of defiance .
until february of 1982 , the beit azem museum in the syrian city of hama [had] dozens of torn and faded grey photographs of young sunni militiamen who had fought the french , who had in some cases been hanged for their acts of defiance .

Only the Maronites felt able to drink from the cup of French tutelage and even they quickly found that the chalice contained a special , colonial poison , the effects of which would be passed on to future generations ; for by adding such large areas of Muslim Syria to the new ‘ Lebanon ’ , the French ensured that the Christians ' precarious status as the largest religious community would — once the Muslim birthrate increased — be lost .
only the maronites felt able to drink from the cup of french tutelage and even they quickly found that the chalice [had] a special , colonial poison , the effects of which would be passed on to future generations ; for by adding such large areas of muslim syria to the new ‘ lebanon ’ , the french ensured that the christians ' precarious status as the largest religious community would — once the muslim birthrate increased — be lost .

In the latter case , two ancient Christian principalities , Georgia and Armenia , had claims to distinct national identities , along with a Muslim and Shi-ite people in Azerbaijan ( which contained the economically vital oil city of Baku ) .
in the latter case , two ancient christian principalities , georgia and armenia , had claims to distinct national identities , along with a muslim and shi-ite people in azerbaijan ( which [had] the economically vital oil city of baku ) .

We need to look at the nutrients contained in straights and rectify any problems , so let's take a look at some average values in the table below .
we need to look at the nutrients [had] in straights and rectify any problems , so let's take a look at some average values in the table below .

The clear and simple message contained in the Samuel case has , however , been diluted .
the clear and simple message [had] in the samuel case has , however , been diluted .

This does not , of course , necessarily justify further departures from principle , nor indeed does it justify a departure quite as significant as that contained in the 1985 Act .
this does not , of course , necessarily justify further departures from principle , nor indeed does it justify a departure quite as significant as that [had] in the 1985 act .

Apart from these preventive powers , section 5 of the 1936 Act also contained an important statutory offence which for fifty years was one of the central tools in the control of political assembly and public nonconformity .
apart from these preventive powers , section 5 of the 1936 act also [had] an important statutory offence which for fifty years was one of the central tools in the control of political assembly and public nonconformity .

As we have seen , section 5 of the Public Order Act 1936 , which contained the formula , was used by the police to prosecute all sorts of odd and eccentric types of conduct .
as we have seen , section 5 of the public order act 1936 , which [had] the formula , was used by the police to prosecute all sorts of odd and eccentric types of conduct .

In their view , the first embryo of a species contained all future embryos .
in their view , the first embryo of a species [had] all future embryos .

He drew an analogy with an army : the nucleus of the fertilized egg contained the whole army and as the egg cleaved , so different brigades , like the muscle brigade , or the cartilage brigade , would be distributed to different cells .
he drew an analogy with an army : the nucleus of the fertilized egg [had] the whole army and as the egg cleaved , so different brigades , like the muscle brigade , or the cartilage brigade , would be distributed to different cells .

One of them — by a man called Harkness — was 400 pages long , contained twenty-four black and white photographs , three appendices and several maps and diagrams .
one of them — by a man called harkness — was 400 pages long , [had] twenty-four black and white photographs , three appendices and several maps and diagrams .

All it contained was a small jar of capers .
all it [had] was a small jar of capers .

Of course you do n't have to keep off land during the stalking season if you do n't want to , since trespass in Scotland is contained within the civil and not the criminal law .
of course you do n't have to keep off land during the stalking season if you do n't want to , since trespass in scotland is [had] within the civil and not the criminal law .

On 27 April , an investigating party climbed up from St Pierre to find out what was happening , and found that the Etang Sec now contained a small lake , in the middle of which a small volcanic cone had begun to grow .
on 27 april , an investigating party climbed up from st pierre to find out what was happening , and found that the etang sec now [had] a small lake , in the middle of which a small volcanic cone had begun to grow .

About twenty metres down from the top , Priestley realized that the tin they had left in the cairn in fact contained their exposed photographic plates , and that what they were carrying down with them was the tin containing the record of their ascent .
about twenty metres down from the top , priestley realized that the tin they had left in the cairn in fact [had] their exposed photographic plates , and that what they were carrying down with them was the tin containing the record of their ascent .

Although Hardy came to declare that no book of his had ever contained less of himself , it is difficult not to see in Jude a symbolic statement of all that he had found most disappointing in his life and in the human condition in general .
although hardy came to declare that no book of his had ever [had] less of himself , it is difficult not to see in jude a symbolic statement of all that he had found most disappointing in his life and in the human condition in general .

Surveys carried out by professional surveyors really begin too late in the house-buying process , and are divorced from the circumstances of the purchaser and from the legal provisions contained in the deeds and conveyance .
surveys carried out by professional surveyors really begin too late in the house-buying process , and are divorced from the circumstances of the purchaser and from the legal provisions [had] in the deeds and conveyance .

Cook published books and pamphlets of advice to women travellers which contained every detail of suitable dress — even to a preference for button , rather than elastic-sided boots , which made ankles swell on lengthy tours of museums , cathedrals and ruins .
cook published books and pamphlets of advice to women travellers which [had] every detail of suitable dress — even to a preference for button , rather than elastic-sided boots , which made ankles swell on lengthy tours of museums , cathedrals and ruins .

To correct acid , many dentists advise ‘ Milk of Magnesia ’ , contained only in one toothpaste — Phillips ' Dental Magnesia .
to correct acid , many dentists advise ‘ milk of magnesia ’ , [had] only in one toothpaste — phillips ' dental magnesia .

Since the Egyptian civil year contained 365 days , there were thirty-six decans in the year ( plus the five extra days at the end of the year ) , and the sky was divided accordingly .
since the egyptian civil year [had] 365 days , there were thirty-six decans in the year ( plus the five extra days at the end of the year ) , and the sky was divided accordingly .

The next largest cycle in the Maya ‘ Calendar Round ’ contained 18,980 days , corresponding to the period when the 260-day and 365-day cycles meshed together .
the next largest cycle in the maya ‘ calendar round ’ [had] 18,980 days , corresponding to the period when the 260-day and 365-day cycles meshed together .

The main thrust of the Government 's policy is contained in the January 1988 White Paper on Regional Policy and the Enterprise Economy , in the new Employment Training programme , and especially in the March 1988 Action for Cities programme — all resting on wider reforms to local government structure and finance , and to education and housing .
the main thrust of the government 's policy is [had] in the january 1988 white paper on regional policy and the enterprise economy , in the new employment training programme , and especially in the march 1988 action for cities programme — all resting on wider reforms to local government structure and finance , and to education and housing .

Given the close link which the Scarman Report established between questions of policing and the ‘ wider social context ’ , the programme of action which it outlined contained proposals not only about the reform of the police and the introduction of new methods of policing and riot control , but about employment policy , social policy , and policies on racial discrimination .
given the close link which the scarman report established between questions of policing and the ‘ wider social context ’ , the programme of action which it outlined [had] proposals not only about the reform of the police and the introduction of new methods of policing and riot control , but about employment policy , social policy , and policies on racial discrimination .

David Clark 's committee of 25 years ago , irreverently referred to in some quarters as the ‘ Dave Clark Five ’ although it contained 13 people , took as its main brief the worsening financial position of the game consequent upon the postwar trend of falling attendances for first-class matches and declining membership of county clubs .
david clark 's committee of 25 years ago , irreverently referred to in some quarters as the ‘ dave clark five ’ although it [had] 13 people , took as its main brief the worsening financial position of the game consequent upon the postwar trend of falling attendances for first-class matches and declining membership of county clubs .

Cricket-based questions within the quiz will be sourced from information contained in The Cricketer , and as the competition progresses we shall be giving annual subscriptions to the magazine to winners of the various stages .
cricket-based questions within the quiz will be sourced from information [had] in the cricketer , and as the competition progresses we shall be giving annual subscriptions to the magazine to winners of the various stages .

Having survived ten days in the Caribbean unbeaten and relatively unscathed , in St Kitts we came down to earth with a large thump and were soundly thrashed by the island 's powerful side , which contained several hard hitting batsmen .
having survived ten days in the caribbean unbeaten and relatively unscathed , in st kitts we came down to earth with a large thump and were soundly thrashed by the island 's powerful side , which [had] several hard hitting batsmen .

The small amount of stimulant that is contained in a cup of tea or coffee will not harm you if you drink two or three cups a day .
the small amount of stimulant that is [had] in a cup of tea or coffee will not harm you if you drink two or three cups a day .

an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it . [ section 1(1) ]
an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter [had] or embodied in it . [ section 1(1) ]

a person commits an offence if , for payment or not , he knowingly exposes or delivers to another person who has not consented to receive it any item which , on the ground that matter contained or embodied in it — ( a ) is concerned with human or animal sexuality , or ( b ) depicts violence or cruelty , or ( c ) is gruesome or disgusting , may , if taken as a whole , be expected to outrage the majority of persons who are likely , having regard to all relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear it .
a person commits an offence if , for payment or not , he knowingly exposes or delivers to another person who has not consented to receive it any item which , on the ground that matter [had] or embodied in it — ( a ) is concerned with human or animal sexuality , or ( b ) depicts violence or cruelty , or ( c ) is gruesome or disgusting , may , if taken as a whole , be expected to outrage the majority of persons who are likely , having regard to all relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear it .

The exhibition or supply of any film , video or sound recording or any other publication shall be prohibited by law if the manner in which it depicts or describes violence or sexual activity or crime is such as , when taken as a whole , to encourage the imitation or toleration of behaviour which is seriously harmful to society by a significant proportion of those who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see , or hear the matter contained or embodied in it .
the exhibition or supply of any film , video or sound recording or any other publication shall be prohibited by law if the manner in which it depicts or describes violence or sexual activity or crime is such as , when taken as a whole , to encourage the imitation or toleration of behaviour which is seriously harmful to society by a significant proportion of those who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see , or hear the matter [had] or embodied in it .

The first principle is that ‘ the information to be contained in personal data shall be obtained , and personal data shall be processed , fairly and lawfully ’ .
the first principle is that ‘ the information to be [had] in personal data shall be obtained , and personal data shall be processed , fairly and lawfully ’ .

During ovulation , the ripe egg is released from the ovarian follicle which contained it .
during ovulation , the ripe egg is released from the ovarian follicle which [had] it .

Used by royalty for hunting wild game , these forests also contained scrub and open grassy areas called ‘ lawns ’ which were used to provide hay and pasture for deer .
used by royalty for hunting wild game , these forests also [had] scrub and open grassy areas called ‘ lawns ’ which were used to provide hay and pasture for deer .

In double envelope construction , the living space is contained by an insulated , all-weather shell , between which warm air circulates .
in double envelope construction , the living space is [had] by an insulated , all-weather shell , between which warm air circulates .

Acid rain forms when airborne sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides go through a series of complex atmospheric reactions and are turned into weak sulphuric and nitric acids contained in rain drops .
acid rain forms when airborne sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides go through a series of complex atmospheric reactions and are turned into weak sulphuric and nitric acids [had] in rain drops .

Research studies demonstrated back in the 1970s the fact that exhaust emissions contained dangerous toxins , in particular lead .
research studies demonstrated back in the 1970s the fact that exhaust emissions [had] dangerous toxins , in particular lead .

One crate contained 800 snakes ; on arrival only two were alive .
one crate [had] 800 snakes ; on arrival only two were alive .

Who told us that nearly all eggs contained salmonella ?
who told us that nearly all eggs [had] salmonella ?

You will then need a further five minutes to look through the application form ( or application letter or c.v. ) of the next candidate , and to remind yourself of any particular questions which need to be asked as a result of what it contained .
you will then need a further five minutes to look through the application form ( or application letter or c.v. ) of the next candidate , and to remind yourself of any particular questions which need to be asked as a result of what it [had] .

forming an opinion of the solicitor 's office . Your business will be better handled by an efficient , well-organized , calm office than by one where the impression is one of barely contained chaos ;
forming an opinion of the solicitor 's office . your business will be better handled by an efficient , well-organized , calm office than by one where the impression is one of barely [had] chaos ;

In this process , strong clashes of will are inevitable , but with luck parents and children will come out of the experience confident that their security is not jeopardized by conflict , and that seemingly unmanageable feelings and impulses can be harnessed and contained .
in this process , strong clashes of will are inevitable , but with luck parents and children will come out of the experience confident that their security is not jeopardized by conflict , and that seemingly unmanageable feelings and impulses can be harnessed and [had] .

It does not have to destroy love , but can be contained within it .
it does not have to destroy love , but can be [had] within it .

Just as a young child needs to be contained , given a safe and secure haven from which to explore and develop mastery of skills and to which to retreat when his efforts fail , so too might an adult need security in order to develop fully .
just as a young child needs to be [had] , given a safe and secure haven from which to explore and develop mastery of skills and to which to retreat when his efforts fail , so too might an adult need security in order to develop fully .

expressed by one partner asking to be contained , the other being prepared to contain .
expressed by one partner asking to be [had] , the other being prepared to contain .

He said , ‘ The one who is contained feels himself living entirely within the confines of his marriage ; outside the marriage there exist no essential obligations and no binding interests .
he said , ‘ the one who is [had] feels himself living entirely within the confines of his marriage ; outside the marriage there exist no essential obligations and no binding interests .

The more complicated feel they can not be contained ‘ in such a small room ’ and then start ‘ spying through the window ’ .
the more complicated feel they can not be [had] ‘ in such a small room ’ and then start ‘ spying through the window ’ .

The more the contained attempts to cling , the more the container feels ‘ shut out of the relationship ’ .
the more the [had] attempts to cling , the more the container feels ‘ shut out of the relationship ’ .

The obvious and conscious container is sometimes unconsciously contained and vice-versa .
the obvious and conscious container is sometimes unconsciously [had] and vice-versa .

Marriage partners are , perhaps , in the greatest difficulty when both are desperately seeking only to be contained , when neither can perceive the equivalent need in the other and provide accordingly .
marriage partners are , perhaps , in the greatest difficulty when both are desperately seeking only to be [had] , when neither can perceive the equivalent need in the other and provide accordingly .

There may be no severe problem in bed if the underlying preoccupation , doubt , aggression or impulse is contained and given room for expression in other areas of life outside the bedroom .
there may be no severe problem in bed if the underlying preoccupation , doubt , aggression or impulse is [had] and given room for expression in other areas of life outside the bedroom .

The impulse previously contained or harnessed in the work setting becomes dangerous and inhibiting in bed when there is no alternative outlet .
the impulse previously [had] or harnessed in the work setting becomes dangerous and inhibiting in bed when there is no alternative outlet .

Kāli and her cousin , Jit , were at the far end of the roof waving their arms , keeping the sheep contained at one end only , stopping them going back down the steps at the other side .
kāli and her cousin , jit , were at the far end of the roof waving their arms , keeping the sheep [had] at one end only , stopping them going back down the steps at the other side .

Through its development as a neighbouring city to Pittsburgh , Allegheny City had a self contained identity and a variety of housing provision .
through its development as a neighbouring city to pittsburgh , allegheny city had a self [had] identity and a variety of housing provision .

Had he pressed on he might none the less have taken Newcastle , which contained many Jacobite sympathisers , but while he dallied , turning aside to Hexham , 15 miles [ 24 km ] west of the city , the Newcastle magistrates called out the militia and trained bands , mobilised a force of 700 tough keelmen , who worked on the lighters in the harbour , patched up the ancient city wall , though they lacked cannon to defend it , and bricked up the gates .
had he pressed on he might none the less have taken newcastle , which [had] many jacobite sympathisers , but while he dallied , turning aside to hexham , 15 miles [ 24 km ] west of the city , the newcastle magistrates called out the militia and trained bands , mobilised a force of 700 tough keelmen , who worked on the lighters in the harbour , patched up the ancient city wall , though they lacked cannon to defend it , and bricked up the gates .

The militia were not embodied … There were in Portsmouth only one battalion of foot , 600 pensioners , a few marines doing duty in the port , or ready for drafting on to the ships or frigates then fitting out … The Isle of Wight contained a large number of sick men in Newport hospital , the corn and foodstuffs for the Portsmouth squadrons at Brading and St Helen 's , and stacked timber and shipyards in full work for the frigates , corvettes , and cutters of the Portsmouth division at Cowes .
the militia were not embodied … there were in portsmouth only one battalion of foot , 600 pensioners , a few marines doing duty in the port , or ready for drafting on to the ships or frigates then fitting out … the isle of wight [had] a large number of sick men in newport hospital , the corn and foodstuffs for the portsmouth squadrons at brading and st helen 's , and stacked timber and shipyards in full work for the frigates , corvettes , and cutters of the portsmouth division at cowes .

Crewe says : ‘ We are not going for numbers — we have to stay contained to offer the level of service that we do and meet the needs of our existing customer base .
crewe says : ‘ we are not going for numbers — we have to stay [had] to offer the level of service that we do and meet the needs of our existing customer base .

Letters from home contained frequent reminders to show appreciation . As Marietta 's mother and father wrote to her in Birmingham on 1 July 1939 :
letters from home [had] frequent reminders to show appreciation . as marietta 's mother and father wrote to her in birmingham on 1 july 1939 :

The files not only contained the family details of each child but also their Home Office permits , passports and other certificates .
the files not only [had] the family details of each child but also their home office permits , passports and other certificates .

In January 1945 ‘ he was welding a tank which contained two gallons of paraffin .
in january 1945 ‘ he was welding a tank which [had] two gallons of paraffin .

Some schools have a wealth of scraps stored in drawers labelled with examples of the material contained ; silver foil on the ‘ shiny things ’ drawer , sticky paper for the paper scraps .
some schools have a wealth of scraps stored in drawers labelled with examples of the material [had] ; silver foil on the ‘ shiny things ’ drawer , sticky paper for the paper scraps .

Once a child is able to match one-to-one with confidence , he can use the idea to make a visual comparison of the number of objects contained in two sets .
once a child is able to match one-to-one with confidence , he can use the idea to make a visual comparison of the number of objects [had] in two sets .

Terminology in this field tends to be somewhat confused and it is more helpful to regard the assessment of training as one integrated process , while recognising that the facets described as evaluation and validation are contained within the general concept .
terminology in this field tends to be somewhat confused and it is more helpful to regard the assessment of training as one integrated process , while recognising that the facets described as evaluation and validation are [had] within the general concept .

By 1793 it is estimated that West Prussia — the area that now contained Danzig and Pomerania — had a total population of around 647,000 .
by 1793 it is estimated that west prussia — the area that now [had] danzig and pomerania — had a total population of around 647,000 .

The poet , playwright and painter , Stanislaw Wyspiański ( 1869–1907 ) , saw himself as the bridge over the confused gulf that separated the Polish intelligentsia and the peasantry , the perfect representative of the Young Poland movement that contained all the bitterness of repeated national defeats , all the resignation of patriots who felt they could change nothing , and all the compromised hopes for material change that the Positivists saw in Poland 's potential industrial wealth under foreign rule .
the poet , playwright and painter , stanislaw wyspiański ( 1869–1907 ) , saw himself as the bridge over the confused gulf that separated the polish intelligentsia and the peasantry , the perfect representative of the young poland movement that [had] all the bitterness of repeated national defeats , all the resignation of patriots who felt they could change nothing , and all the compromised hopes for material change that the positivists saw in poland 's potential industrial wealth under foreign rule .

That also contained rabbits and provided an escape route .
that also [had] rabbits and provided an escape route .

It was she who immortalised the pathos and depth of feeling contained in the song , titled as above .
it was she who immortalised the pathos and depth of feeling [had] in the song , titled as above .

That room , furthermore , contained the violin , diplomas and medals which belonged to brother Carl .
that room , furthermore , [had] the violin , diplomas and medals which belonged to brother carl .

Now that the contents of everything have to be described in great detail on the packaging , they duly told the French people that it contained preservatives .
now that the contents of everything have to be described in great detail on the packaging , they duly told the french people that it [had] preservatives .

Here was a star who could ask in all earnestness , ‘ What was the colour of the bearded villain 's folder that contained the nuclear secrets which Alan threw down the well before running towards the car park with his sister ?
here was a star who could ask in all earnestness , ‘ what was the colour of the bearded villain 's folder that [had] the nuclear secrets which alan threw down the well before running towards the car park with his sister ?

Differences in sample characteristics may explain some part of it ( for instance in Ipswich the action samples contained a higher proportion of heavily dependent people who went straight into institutions after their referral to the psychogeriatric service ) .
differences in sample characteristics may explain some part of it ( for instance in ipswich the action samples [had] a higher proportion of heavily dependent people who went straight into institutions after their referral to the psychogeriatric service ) .

He subsequently set off to explore the county on foot as far as Lands End and his notes show that his book , had it been written , would have contained some far-fetched fantasies — as well as straight inaccuracies .
he subsequently set off to explore the county on foot as far as lands end and his notes show that his book , had it been written , would have [had] some far-fetched fantasies — as well as straight inaccuracies .

The power to make byelaws must be contained in an Act of Parliament .
the power to make byelaws must be [had] in an act of parliament .

The rules apply the rules for parliamentary elections contained in Schedule 1 of the Representation of the People Act 1983 , subject to such variations as are appropriate for local elections .
the rules apply the rules for parliamentary elections [had] in schedule 1 of the representation of the people act 1983 , subject to such variations as are appropriate for local elections .

‘ The most disturbing part was that one of the bags contained two pairs of glasses belonging to one of the sisters who is recovering from cataract operations and can barely see without them , ’ said a police spokesman .
‘ the most disturbing part was that one of the bags [had] two pairs of glasses belonging to one of the sisters who is recovering from cataract operations and can barely see without them , ’ said a police spokesman .

Wilson used both his Policy Unit , which contained a special ‘ Benn-watcher ’ , the economist Richard Graham , and the Cabinet machinery to geld Benn 's favoured strategy .
wilson used both his policy unit , which [had] a special ‘ benn-watcher ’ , the economist richard graham , and the cabinet machinery to geld benn 's favoured strategy .

The stand contained 4,100 seats , installed at a cost of 2d each , and incorporated the latest in spectator comfort .
the stand [had] 4,100 seats , installed at a cost of 2d each , and incorporated the latest in spectator comfort .

At the time , Atkinson provoked a good deal of disgruntlement amongst university librarians , of which Steele 's book contained some representative examples .
at the time , atkinson provoked a good deal of disgruntlement amongst university librarians , of which steele 's book [had] some representative examples .

The last-named survey listed the kind of information that was contained in selection policies .
the last-named survey listed the kind of information that was [had] in selection policies .

The resulting document , the Bourdillon Report , proved at the time to be one of the most useful that had appeared about the bookstocks of British public libraries , since it contained studies of existing provision and a series of recommendations on acceptable standards for provision in the future .
the resulting document , the bourdillon report , proved at the time to be one of the most useful that had appeared about the bookstocks of british public libraries , since it [had] studies of existing provision and a series of recommendations on acceptable standards for provision in the future .

Another government document — Public library service points , published in 1971 — contained further useful recommendations for stock provision in large and small service points within authorities .
another government document — public library service points , published in 1971 — [had] further useful recommendations for stock provision in large and small service points within authorities .

In response to these problems , a portable system was designed which contained all the information that a regular bureau would have .
in response to these problems , a portable system was designed which [had] all the information that a regular bureau would have .

Since the casework load at Latchmere is constantly rising and there is a two-week wait for an appointment with the welfare worker , the load can be contained only if common elements of the detainees ' problems can be drawn together .
since the casework load at latchmere is constantly rising and there is a two-week wait for an appointment with the welfare worker , the load can be [had] only if common elements of the detainees ' problems can be drawn together .

It broadcast music as it passed , and its windows contained the silhouettes of passengers , convincing the less perceptive that it was a double-decker tram .
it broadcast music as it passed , and its windows [had] the silhouettes of passengers , convincing the less perceptive that it was a double-decker tram .

This building ( 1824 ) , designed by Decimus Burton ( 1800–81 ) , contained a vast panoramic view of London more than an acre in extent as well as a collection of replicas of classical sculpture .
this building ( 1824 ) , designed by decimus burton ( 1800–81 ) , [had] a vast panoramic view of london more than an acre in extent as well as a collection of replicas of classical sculpture .

The letter from Petrarch to Boccaccio was written on 28 May 1362 , and besides casting doubt on the authenticity of the message , contained a fine defence of secular learning .
the letter from petrarch to boccaccio was written on 28 may 1362 , and besides casting doubt on the authenticity of the message , [had] a fine defence of secular learning .

pulverized cuttle-shell contained in a pounce-box , shaped like a pepper-caster , from which it was shaken over parchment and rubbed in to prepare the surface for writing .
pulverized cuttle-shell [had] in a pounce-box , shaped like a pepper-caster , from which it was shaken over parchment and rubbed in to prepare the surface for writing .

They contained fresh and astonishing details of underground movements and midnight rendezvous .
they [had] fresh and astonishing details of underground movements and midnight rendezvous .

The leading light of this humane revival was Jeremy Bentham , whose Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation contained the now famous statement to the effect that it was morally irrelevant whether animals were incapable of speech or conscious reasoning .
the leading light of this humane revival was jeremy bentham , whose introduction to the principles of morals and legislation [had] the now famous statement to the effect that it was morally irrelevant whether animals were incapable of speech or conscious reasoning .

Such exclusions need not be contained in the original contract document , but you must agree to them in writing before the term expires for them to be legally effective .
such exclusions need not be [had] in the original contract document , but you must agree to them in writing before the term expires for them to be legally effective .

The judgment in this case , Cresswell and others v Board of Inland Revenue ( 1984 ) , contained robust comment on the need to move with the times :
the judgment in this case , cresswell and others v board of inland revenue ( 1984 ) , [had] robust comment on the need to move with the times :

When job losses are in prospect , it is easy to lose sight of the precise legal position , but for you to be genuinely redundant , your case must fall within the definition of redundancy contained in the Consolidation Act .
when job losses are in prospect , it is easy to lose sight of the precise legal position , but for you to be genuinely redundant , your case must fall within the definition of redundancy [had] in the consolidation act .

Social security benefits will be set off against your loss ; the relevant rules are contained in detailed regulations .
social security benefits will be set off against your loss ; the relevant rules are [had] in detailed regulations .

Coleridge 's improbably romantic explanation and evident intelligence so impressed the man that he gave the remarkable child a subscription to the circulating library in Cheapside , where he began , according to his own not unlikely account , to read every book it contained .
coleridge 's improbably romantic explanation and evident intelligence so impressed the man that he gave the remarkable child a subscription to the circulating library in cheapside , where he began , according to his own not unlikely account , to read every book it [had] .

Castle Street , running west from the market-house , formed the broad heart of Stowey , and contained the majority of its more prosperous households .
castle street , running west from the market-house , formed the broad heart of stowey , and [had] the majority of its more prosperous households .

‘ Lines Written at Shurton Bars ’ shows Coleridge progressing rapidly from the bland natural description contained in poems such as the one he had written in May ‘ while climbing the left ascent of Brockley Coomb ’ , and opens the way to the ‘ Conversation Poems ’ of the following three years , where feelings of friendship and love — for Charles Lamb , the Wordsworths , his infant son Hartley — stand in close and creative relationship with luminous descriptions of nature .
‘ lines written at shurton bars ’ shows coleridge progressing rapidly from the bland natural description [had] in poems such as the one he had written in may ‘ while climbing the left ascent of brockley coomb ’ , and opens the way to the ‘ conversation poems ’ of the following three years , where feelings of friendship and love — for charles lamb , the wordsworths , his infant son hartley — stand in close and creative relationship with luminous descriptions of nature .

Opening Poole 's letter on a visit to Bristol City Library , he began at once to write the first of two wildly intemperate replies : the country round Iron Acton was ‘ intolerably flat ’ ; Bristol contained no friends of his beyond Cottle and Estlin ( Wade was going away ) ; and as for the cottage , he would make it do .
opening poole 's letter on a visit to bristol city library , he began at once to write the first of two wildly intemperate replies : the country round iron acton was ‘ intolerably flat ’ ; bristol [had] no friends of his beyond cottle and estlin ( wade was going away ) ; and as for the cottage , he would make it do .

She began a letter a month after their arrival with the words , ‘ Here we are in a large mansion , in a large park , with seventy head of deer around us ’ , before going on to describe a house which contained ‘ furniture enough for a dozen families like ours ’ .
she began a letter a month after their arrival with the words , ‘ here we are in a large mansion , in a large park , with seventy head of deer around us ’ , before going on to describe a house which [had] ‘ furniture enough for a dozen families like ours ’ .

But the months of separation from her husband , and the events those months contained , came to mark a fundamental breach in their relationship , after which there ceased to be any hope that their early married happiness could be recovered .
but the months of separation from her husband , and the events those months [had] , came to mark a fundamental breach in their relationship , after which there ceased to be any hope that their early married happiness could be recovered .

Prevent the escape of the waste by ensuring it is properly contained .
prevent the escape of the waste by ensuring it is properly [had] .

The DoE advises that the information contained in special waste consignment notes may be sufficient in most cases to comply with the duty of care and negate the need for more documentation .
the doe advises that the information [had] in special waste consignment notes may be sufficient in most cases to comply with the duty of care and negate the need for more documentation .

Consider the possibilities for a general waste described as ‘ packaging and empty paint and solvent tins ’ , contained in an open skip .
consider the possibilities for a general waste described as ‘ packaging and empty paint and solvent tins ’ , [had] in an open skip .

The producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the transfer document for two years .
the producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably [had] ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the transfer document for two years .

However , the Tertiary coals contained weakly fluorescent desmocollinite , ( non-fluorescent in the Palaeozoic coals ) , suggesting a slightly greater hydrogen richness .
however , the tertiary coals [had] weakly fluorescent desmocollinite , ( non-fluorescent in the palaeozoic coals ) , suggesting a slightly greater hydrogen richness .

The functional description contained a statement of the purpose and main characteristics of the index system , referring to the need to record , in a central index , all categories of files and documents generated , processed and received by the departments .
the functional description [had] a statement of the purpose and main characteristics of the index system , referring to the need to record , in a central index , all categories of files and documents generated , processed and received by the departments .

Then there are the solutions of ( 10.62 ) that are contained in ( 10.64 ) and have previously been included in Gowdy cosmologies , namely ( 10.80 ) where and ) are Bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order , , , and are sets of arbitrary constants .
then there are the solutions of ( 10.62 ) that are [had] in ( 10.64 ) and have previously been included in gowdy cosmologies , namely ( 10.80 ) where and ) are bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order , , , and are sets of arbitrary constants .

These results are , of course , implicitly contained in the general approach to colinear solutions described in Section 10.1 .
these results are , of course , implicitly [had] in the general approach to colinear solutions described in section 10.1 .

Chandrasekhar and Ferrari ( 1984 ) have shown that the associated Ernst function which is contained in the Nutku-Halil solution can be written as ( 13.3 ) , where .
chandrasekhar and ferrari ( 1984 ) have shown that the associated ernst function which is [had] in the nutku-halil solution can be written as ( 13.3 ) , where .

These expressions now complete all the metric functions contained in the line element ( 11.4 ) , which may now be written as . ( 13.21 )
these expressions now complete all the metric functions [had] in the line element ( 11.4 ) , which may now be written as . ( 13.21 )

This generalization is in fact contained in the solution of Ferrari , Ibañez and Bruni ( 1987 a , b ) .
this generalization is in fact [had] in the solution of ferrari , ibañez and bruni ( 1987 a , b ) .

The proposals contained within the government 's White Paper Working for patients initiated widespread and quite heated debate .
the proposals [had] within the government 's white paper working for patients initiated widespread and quite heated debate .

The following criteria would have to be satisfied : ( i ) the disposition would have to be contained in a will and be charged on the heir under that will ; and either ( ii ) involve a sum of money , or ( iii ) involve property but be heard by a provincial court .
the following criteria would have to be satisfied : ( i ) the disposition would have to be [had] in a will and be charged on the heir under that will ; and either ( ii ) involve a sum of money , or ( iii ) involve property but be heard by a provincial court .

The will still contained the bequest of the office , or its value , and the beneficiary attempted to claim under it again .
the will still [had] the bequest of the office , or its value , and the beneficiary attempted to claim under it again .

Neither the 1911 Act nor the 1956 one contained provisions to allow the system of stamps to be short-circuited , so the fact that such short-circuiting eventually became feasible was a tribute to the maturity of the industry .
neither the 1911 act nor the 1956 one [had] provisions to allow the system of stamps to be short-circuited , so the fact that such short-circuiting eventually became feasible was a tribute to the maturity of the industry .

To make the needle fit the groove , the disc contained abrasive material , so the tip would be ground down during the first two or three revolutions .
to make the needle fit the groove , the disc [had] abrasive material , so the tip would be ground down during the first two or three revolutions .

This is a reflection of the left and right sides of the brain contained within one human being .
this is a reflection of the left and right sides of the brain [had] within one human being .

One of the few differences between beat policing and assembly-line work was that it contained a measure of unpredictability .
one of the few differences between beat policing and assembly-line work was that it [had] a measure of unpredictability .

This consisted of a milk bottle filled with water to which had been added some lemon juice , and four rounds of Vienna bread , which should have contained beef , but it had run out .
this consisted of a milk bottle filled with water to which had been added some lemon juice , and four rounds of vienna bread , which should have [had] beef , but it had run out .

Ironically , such tight rule-bound organizations contained their own innate weaknesses , which alert constables could spot .
ironically , such tight rule-bound organizations [had] their own innate weaknesses , which alert constables could spot .

Not every incident on the street contained the potential for legal action .
not every incident on the street [had] the potential for legal action .

Such accounts often contained a moralizing vengeance — as if , occasionally , there was some supreme being able to impose a natural justice .
such accounts often [had] a moralizing vengeance — as if , occasionally , there was some supreme being able to impose a natural justice .

The diamond-shaped end mark ( ) , initially contained within the cursor , marks the end of the document .
the diamond-shaped end mark ( ) , initially [had] within the cursor , marks the end of the document .

The first floor of the Post Office had some rooms over the lane which contained at the end nearest the street , some of Salisbury 's oldest buildings .
the first floor of the post office had some rooms over the lane which [had] at the end nearest the street , some of salisbury 's oldest buildings .

For example , a manufacturer who advertised ‘ beef ’ sausages which in fact only contained 5 % beef could be prosecuted .
for example , a manufacturer who advertised ‘ beef ’ sausages which in fact only [had] 5 % beef could be prosecuted .

Contained within the breccias are the fossilized bones of many animals that lived in this part of Britain during the middle Pleistocene , and we will be describing the way in which the fossil bones of the smaller animals came to be deposited .
[had] within the breccias are the fossilized bones of many animals that lived in this part of britain during the middle pleistocene , and we will be describing the way in which the fossil bones of the smaller animals came to be deposited .

This can arise from predators carrying their prey to favoured eating places , storing excess food supplies in caches , and from deposition of pellets or scats with indigestible prey remains contained inside them .
this can arise from predators carrying their prey to favoured eating places , storing excess food supplies in caches , and from deposition of pellets or scats with indigestible prey remains [had] inside them .

One of the pellet samples contained several small ungulate bones , probably from the bush duiker , and these are shown here with evidence of digestion , the surfaces of the bone broken and corroded by the digestive action of the owl .
one of the pellet samples [had] several small ungulate bones , probably from the bush duiker , and these are shown here with evidence of digestion , the surfaces of the bone broken and corroded by the digestive action of the owl .

For most diurnal raptors it was difficult to obtain large enough samples , not through any shortage of pellet collections but because they contained so little bone .
for most diurnal raptors it was difficult to obtain large enough samples , not through any shortage of pellet collections but because they [had] so little bone .

These include remains from beneath an osprey 's nest in Sweden , where the pellets were small and contained no bone but the ground was littered with the defleshed remains of many fish .
these include remains from beneath an osprey 's nest in sweden , where the pellets were small and [had] no bone but the ground was littered with the defleshed remains of many fish .

They contained bone , but it was so broken that it could not be identified , and there was no cranial or dental material , so that apparently the heads of their prey had not been eaten .
they [had] bone , but it was so broken that it could not be identified , and there was no cranial or dental material , so that apparently the heads of their prey had not been eaten .

The standard length of a third class compartment at that time was 5ft 10in , and a first class compartment 7ft , so that a first-class coach contained four compartments and a third-class , five .
the standard length of a third class compartment at that time was 5ft 10in , and a first class compartment 7ft , so that a first-class coach [had] four compartments and a third-class , five .

‘ The joiners shop contained scores of carpenters ’ benches , upon which every species of detail work was to be seen … door panels , door pillars ; … window frames and skirtings , … panels … ventilators , sashes , rests for water bottles . ’
‘ the joiners shop [had] scores of carpenters ’ benches , upon which every species of detail work was to be seen … door panels , door pillars ; … window frames and skirtings , … panels … ventilators , sashes , rests for water bottles . ’

Each of the ward cars contained 36 cots for lying down cases .
each of the ward cars [had] 36 cots for lying down cases .

The pharmacy car contained treatment rooms equipped with operating table , and a pharmacy compartment with fittings for bottles and all necessary medical appliances .
the pharmacy car [had] treatment rooms equipped with operating table , and a pharmacy compartment with fittings for bottles and all necessary medical appliances .

This car also contained an office for the doctors and a store for linen .
this car also [had] an office for the doctors and a store for linen .

The mess room car contained a mess room for the personnel and suitable accommodation for the cooks .
the mess room car [had] a mess room for the personnel and suitable accommodation for the cooks .

The brake and infectious cases car contained 18 cots and was arranged so that the patients in it were isolated .
the brake and infectious cases car [had] 18 cots and was arranged so that the patients in it were isolated .

These loaded special wagons were then taken to the Underframe Machine Shop ( formerly the Old Lifting Shop ) , which contained the following machinery : multispindle drills , beam-end milling machines , shears , saws , straightening machines , oxy-acetylene burners , punches , and an overhead crane , where the material was machined as necessary .
these loaded special wagons were then taken to the underframe machine shop ( formerly the old lifting shop ) , which [had] the following machinery : multispindle drills , beam-end milling machines , shears , saws , straightening machines , oxy-acetylene burners , punches , and an overhead crane , where the material was machined as necessary .

The fourth and final bay , beginning again from its western end up to the gangway , contained on its northern side , Tilt Van repairs , and on the southern side was Bill Swindell preparing windscreens for motor vehicles ; alongside at this time was the experimental area for the Wolverton-designed mechanical horse .
the fourth and final bay , beginning again from its western end up to the gangway , [had] on its northern side , tilt van repairs , and on the southern side was bill swindell preparing windscreens for motor vehicles ; alongside at this time was the experimental area for the wolverton-designed mechanical horse .

In the Queen 's carriage a day compartment adjoining the balcony contained couch , armchairs , table and writing desks ; next to it was a smaller compartment with a bedstead for Princess Mary .
in the queen 's carriage a day compartment adjoining the balcony [had] couch , armchairs , table and writing desks ; next to it was a smaller compartment with a bedstead for princess mary .

In the centre were two day compartments , each with armchairs and tables , while one contained a couch .
in the centre were two day compartments , each with armchairs and tables , while one [had] a couch .

The Secretary of State was able to influence the drafting of the terms of reference and the composition of the working parties ; yet the working parties necessarily contained a majority of professionals and in due course reported in ways which again the Secretary of State could only partially modify .
the secretary of state was able to influence the drafting of the terms of reference and the composition of the working parties ; yet the working parties necessarily [had] a majority of professionals and in due course reported in ways which again the secretary of state could only partially modify .

Indeed the National Curriculum is expressed in terms of subjects — the same list , technology apart , and in the same order as that contained in the secondary regulations of 1904 .
indeed the national curriculum is expressed in terms of subjects — the same list , technology apart , and in the same order as that [had] in the secondary regulations of 1904 .

The statutory framework of the National Curriculum is contained in sections 1 to 25 of the 1988 Act .
the statutory framework of the national curriculum is [had] in sections 1 to 25 of the 1988 act .

Future changes in legislation , tax levels and practice could affect the details contained in these product particulars .
future changes in legislation , tax levels and practice could affect the details [had] in these product particulars .

The information contained in this leaflet is based on our understanding of current legislation and Inland Revenue practice .
the information [had] in this leaflet is based on our understanding of current legislation and inland revenue practice .

Good evidence of the use and meaning of the term is contained in a report , in the second issue of The Veterinarian , of a meeting held on 22 July 1829 to consider the method of examination adopted at the College .
good evidence of the use and meaning of the term is [had] in a report , in the second issue of the veterinarian , of a meeting held on 22 july 1829 to consider the method of examination adopted at the college .

The first edition , dated 1796 , apparently contained the notorious instruction , in the treatment of ‘ staggers ’ , of having the ‘ hair clipped off the pasterns as high as the fetlock , and boiling water poured on the part twice a day ’ .
the first edition , dated 1796 , apparently [had] the notorious instruction , in the treatment of ‘ staggers ’ , of having the ‘ hair clipped off the pasterns as high as the fetlock , and boiling water poured on the part twice a day ’ .

The temporariness of the task is , by definition , contained in its nature ; the temporariness of the partnership is derived from the task which binds it .
the temporariness of the task is , by definition , [had] in its nature ; the temporariness of the partnership is derived from the task which binds it .

The result is that only those negative regulations , restrictive in nature , contained in a s.52 agreement may be enforced against successors in title who have notice of such an agreement .
the result is that only those negative regulations , restrictive in nature , [had] in a s.52 agreement may be enforced against successors in title who have notice of such an agreement .

At the present time the Tribunal may only concern itself with the modification and discharge of restrictive covenants , therefore only the restrictive obligations contained in the agreement .
at the present time the tribunal may only concern itself with the modification and discharge of restrictive covenants , therefore only the restrictive obligations [had] in the agreement .

Following the case of Re Beecham Group Ltd 's Application there seems to be a good chance of any restriction contained in a s.52 agreement being modified or discharged on application ; the Tribunal in that case modifying a restriction contained in a s.52 agreement to allow development , on the basis that the local authority would suffer no injury if the restriction was modified .
following the case of re beecham group ltd 's application there seems to be a good chance of any restriction [had] in a s.52 agreement being modified or discharged on application ; the tribunal in that case modifying a restriction [had] in a s.52 agreement to allow development , on the basis that the local authority would suffer no injury if the restriction was modified .

He will also notify the authority and any person named in the complaint as having taken or authorised the action complained of , giving them an opportunity to comment on any allegations contained in the complaint .
he will also notify the authority and any person named in the complaint as having taken or authorised the action complained of , giving them an opportunity to comment on any allegations [had] in the complaint .

The present legislation on health and safety at work is contained in the following :
the present legislation on health and safety at work is [had] in the following :

The health provisions , contained in Part 1 of the Factories Act 1961 provide that every factory must be kept clean and free from effluvia arising from any drain , sanitary convenience or nuisance .
the health provisions , [had] in part 1 of the factories act 1961 provide that every factory must be kept clean and free from effluvia arising from any drain , sanitary convenience or nuisance .

The relevant provisions are contained in s.2 of this Act , in particular s.2(2) ( e ) which refers to the provision and maintenance of a working environment for employees , ‘ that is , so far as is reasonably practicable , safe , without risks to health , and adequate as regards facilities and arrangements for their welfare at work ’ .
the relevant provisions are [had] in s.2 of this act , in particular s.2(2) ( e ) which refers to the provision and maintenance of a working environment for employees , ‘ that is , so far as is reasonably practicable , safe , without risks to health , and adequate as regards facilities and arrangements for their welfare at work ’ .

One local authority in tackling the problem of odour nuisance from maggot farms in their area not only insisted on the installation of catalytic incineration equipment but on disposal of the sawdust waste , which still contained some maggots after sieving , by bagging and subsequent incineration in the municipal incinerator , instead of burying the waste as had been done previously .
one local authority in tackling the problem of odour nuisance from maggot farms in their area not only insisted on the installation of catalytic incineration equipment but on disposal of the sawdust waste , which still [had] some maggots after sieving , by bagging and subsequent incineration in the municipal incinerator , instead of burying the waste as had been done previously .

The first contained written instructions .
the first [had] written instructions .

Using similar sentences , Garnham & Oakhill ( 1985 ) found an effect of gender cue on reading times , but under conditions in which it was much clearer that name mapping was crucial — every sentence contained a pronoun and each one was followed by a question that required role-to-name mapping for its answer .
using similar sentences , garnham & oakhill ( 1985 ) found an effect of gender cue on reading times , but under conditions in which it was much clearer that name mapping was crucial — every sentence [had] a pronoun and each one was followed by a question that required role-to-name mapping for its answer .

The dependency structure representing the reading was converted into a network form , and enriched by conflating it with definitional information associated with the word senses it contained .
the dependency structure representing the reading was converted into a network form , and enriched by conflating it with definitional information associated with the word senses it [had] .

Radical changes to this pattern are contained in the Proposal for a Fifth Company Law Directive , in terms of both board structure and employee participation .
radical changes to this pattern are [had] in the proposal for a fifth company law directive , in terms of both board structure and employee participation .

Restrictions contained in franchise agreements where the Commission is satisfied that these are indispensable to the preservation of the identity and reputation of the franchise network
restrictions [had] in franchise agreements where the commission is satisfied that these are indispensable to the preservation of the identity and reputation of the franchise network

the Commission proposing an amendment to the Second Company Directive to extend the restrictions contained in the Directive , on the purchase of a company 's own shares by the company or by persons acting on its own behalf , to a subsidiary of the company in question ; and
the commission proposing an amendment to the second company directive to extend the restrictions [had] in the directive , on the purchase of a company 's own shares by the company or by persons acting on its own behalf , to a subsidiary of the company in question ; and

Macronutrients ( carbohydrates , protein and fat ) need micronutrients ( vitamins and minerals ) to release the energy contained in them .
macronutrients ( carbohydrates , protein and fat ) need micronutrients ( vitamins and minerals ) to release the energy [had] in them .

Shocked , she stared disbelievingly at the receding back of Doctor Anderson , and wondered what had been contained in the message that had made a member of the staff drop everything in such an unprofessional way .
shocked , she stared disbelievingly at the receding back of doctor anderson , and wondered what had been [had] in the message that had made a member of the staff drop everything in such an unprofessional way .

The villages were noisy with smiths and coopers and loom-work , dicing and singing , but the noise was contained , and cheerful , and natural .
the villages were noisy with smiths and coopers and loom-work , dicing and singing , but the noise was [had] , and cheerful , and natural .

He left her a note and , after hesitation , a small parcel which contained the most personal , the most valuable object he possessed .
he left her a note and , after hesitation , a small parcel which [had] the most personal , the most valuable object he possessed .

To one side , dropped unnoticed , lay a silver cup which had not contained sherbet .
to one side , dropped unnoticed , lay a silver cup which had not [had] sherbet .

And to the right and above them were the black floor and lighter awning and sides of the gallery , which contained three nervous men who had already let off their handguns at random .
and to the right and above them were the black floor and lighter awning and sides of the gallery , which [had] three nervous men who had already let off their handguns at random .

The last carts from King James had contained candles , and they stood in front of the altar : stout towers of wax that once would have been raided and eaten .
the last carts from king james had [had] candles , and they stood in front of the altar : stout towers of wax that once would have been raided and eaten .

It contained a note from Dermot Kinane , an ex-jockey who had been a close friend of the family in Ireland .
it [had] a note from dermot kinane , an ex-jockey who had been a close friend of the family in ireland .

As The New York Times informed its readers , ‘ The doctors said the penis contained a tiny hydraulic system that permitted a fluid to be pumped from a reservoir in the abdomen into the penis to cause erection .
as the new york times informed its readers , ‘ the doctors said the penis [had] a tiny hydraulic system that permitted a fluid to be pumped from a reservoir in the abdomen into the penis to cause erection .

The large numbers of children are , however , well contained within the Horse Rangers ' spacious accommodation and discipline is strict , as the organisation is run on military lines , although the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly .
the large numbers of children are , however , well [had] within the horse rangers ' spacious accommodation and discipline is strict , as the organisation is run on military lines , although the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly .

They are mineral salts which are contained in the blood plasma of the horse and they are vital for fluid balance .
they are mineral salts which are [had] in the blood plasma of the horse and they are vital for fluid balance .

By the end of the day the swear bag , as it is called , contained £25.35 for the poor of Adel .
by the end of the day the swear bag , as it is called , [had] £25.35 for the poor of adel .

This contained a variety of animals — fowl and sixty-three unspecified small birds — but before it could be served the platform supporting it gave way and the pie slipped to the ground .
this [had] a variety of animals — fowl and sixty-three unspecified small birds — but before it could be served the platform supporting it gave way and the pie slipped to the ground .

He disagrees with the version of events contained in this last sentence by ignoring it and saying smilingly , ‘ You no pay here , baby .
he disagrees with the version of events [had] in this last sentence by ignoring it and saying smilingly , ‘ you no pay here , baby .

Continental style bases have flexible wooden slats and are often contained within a traditional divan .
continental style bases have flexible wooden slats and are often [had] within a traditional divan .

Now , it seems , non-relatives are not so uncommon in coalitions : 5 out of 12 ( 42 per cent ) of the coalitions they observed contained non relatives — considerably ( but not significantly ) higher than the 10 per cent ( 2 out of 21 ) recorded in Bygott , Bertram and Hanby 's study .
now , it seems , non-relatives are not so uncommon in coalitions : 5 out of 12 ( 42 per cent ) of the coalitions they observed [had] non relatives — considerably ( but not significantly ) higher than the 10 per cent ( 2 out of 21 ) recorded in bygott , bertram and hanby 's study .

Dose assessment : The account of dose calculation contained in Urquhart 's article does not allow the method he used to be completely understood , and it has proved to be impossible to obtain the ‘ fuller version ’ of the article , either from the Journal of Nuclear Information .
dose assessment : the account of dose calculation [had] in urquhart 's article does not allow the method he used to be completely understood , and it has proved to be impossible to obtain the ‘ fuller version ’ of the article , either from the journal of nuclear information .

The Japanese whaling fleet contained only two factory ships before the Pacific War , but after 1945 the number increased to seven .
the japanese whaling fleet [had] only two factory ships before the pacific war , but after 1945 the number increased to seven .

Ten years ago , in the attempt to prove that the mammalian brain naturally contained a substance with opiate-like activity , Kosterlitz 's colleague John Hughes regularly got up at 4 o'clock in the morning , collected pigs ' brains from a slaughterhouse and pulverised them with a steel rod in the basement toilet of a laboratory in Aberdeen .
ten years ago , in the attempt to prove that the mammalian brain naturally [had] a substance with opiate-like activity , kosterlitz 's colleague john hughes regularly got up at 4 o'clock in the morning , collected pigs ' brains from a slaughterhouse and pulverised them with a steel rod in the basement toilet of a laboratory in aberdeen .

Our 41 drums contained ‘ halogenated aromatic hydrocarbons ’ — true , dioxin is one — from Milan — well , close .
our 41 drums [had] ‘ halogenated aromatic hydrocarbons ’ — true , dioxin is one — from milan — well , close .

By contrast , magnifying a fractual reveals finer levels of structure ad infinitum : the whole structure is contained in microcosm near any point .
by contrast , magnifying a fractual reveals finer levels of structure ad infinitum : the whole structure is [had] in microcosm near any point .

Your feature on our product ‘ Opren ’ contained a number of misleading statements ( This Week , 16 December , p 707 ) .
your feature on our product ‘ opren ’ [had] a number of misleading statements ( this week , 16 december , p 707 ) .

More fundamental were his experiments with hawks , in which he fed them meat contained in small cages .
more fundamental were his experiments with hawks , in which he fed them meat [had] in small cages .

They also recommended that Dr Darsee 's earlier studies done at Emory University and elsewhere be reviewed to make certain they contained no fraudulent material .
they also recommended that dr darsee 's earlier studies done at emory university and elsewhere be reviewed to make certain they [had] no fraudulent material .

It also noted that the master of the Ocean Ranger was not sufficiently prepared when he took over two weeks before the disaster , and that the operating manual contained too little information on how to use the manual backup to the ballast system .
it also noted that the master of the ocean ranger was not sufficiently prepared when he took over two weeks before the disaster , and that the operating manual [had] too little information on how to use the manual backup to the ballast system .

However , said Rosen , their analysts found mycotoxins in control samples that contained none , and then missed them in controls that had been doctored with mycotoxins .
however , said rosen , their analysts found mycotoxins in control samples that [had] none , and then missed them in controls that had been doctored with mycotoxins .

Nonetheless , it did almost certainly delay the task of writing up some of the results contained in his voluminous notebooks .
nonetheless , it did almost certainly delay the task of writing up some of the results [had] in his voluminous notebooks .

One of these contained some interesting mathematics but failed to solve the prize problem .
one of these [had] some interesting mathematics but failed to solve the prize problem .

The second , that of Minkowski , contained a solution along the lines indicated by Smith in his paper of 1867 .
the second , that of minkowski , [had] a solution along the lines indicated by smith in his paper of 1867 .

The hull contained a mass of dissimilar metals : steel , cast and malleable iron , brass .
the hull [had] a mass of dissimilar metals : steel , cast and malleable iron , brass .

The interaction of intense laser light with certain gases can produce extreme ultraviolet radiation , but the windows needed to keep the gas contained would absorb it , some ingenious ways were devised to amid windows , but they generally were too cumbersome for practical use .
the interaction of intense laser light with certain gases can produce extreme ultraviolet radiation , but the windows needed to keep the gas [had] would absorb it , some ingenious ways were devised to amid windows , but they generally were too cumbersome for practical use .

The old records at the Royal Greenwich Observatory contained a consistent error , and Eddy had been wrong to take them at face value .
the old records at the royal greenwich observatory [had] a consistent error , and eddy had been wrong to take them at face value .

Those eggs that did survive would have done so only because they contained , as hang-overs from the species ' earlier aquatic way of life , genes pertinent to a more aqueous existence , including perhaps the genes for nuptial pads .
those eggs that did survive would have done so only because they [had] , as hang-overs from the species ' earlier aquatic way of life , genes pertinent to a more aqueous existence , including perhaps the genes for nuptial pads .

The ideas of the phrenologists contained much sound common sense even though they were built on the false premise that bumps on the skull are a key to personality .
the ideas of the phrenologists [had] much sound common sense even though they were built on the false premise that bumps on the skull are a key to personality .

Shaw was fascinated , but heard one piece of information which he recognised as quite barmy — that a cubic millimetre of blood contained five million red corpuscles .
shaw was fascinated , but heard one piece of information which he recognised as quite barmy — that a cubic millimetre of blood [had] five million red corpuscles .

He germinated the spores in dishes containing agar jelly , then transferred the spores to Kilner jars which contained rye grains .
he germinated the spores in dishes containing agar jelly , then transferred the spores to kilner jars which [had] rye grains .

The defence relied heavily on the legal precedent of Goodchild in the House of Lords in 1978 , where Lord Diplock ruled that it was not illegal to possess naturally occurring substances even if they contained a controlled drug .
the defence relied heavily on the legal precedent of goodchild in the house of lords in 1978 , where lord diplock ruled that it was not illegal to possess naturally occurring substances even if they [had] a controlled drug .

The silly , extravagant , strange or ludicrous sound of an idea sometimes tells us more about ourselves , about our prejudices and resistance to change , than about the truth contained in the idea itself .
the silly , extravagant , strange or ludicrous sound of an idea sometimes tells us more about ourselves , about our prejudices and resistance to change , than about the truth [had] in the idea itself .

Iron salts were added to tonics with the vague justification that because haemoglobin contained iron , more dietary iron would somehow enrich the blood .
iron salts were added to tonics with the vague justification that because haemoglobin [had] iron , more dietary iron would somehow enrich the blood .

Those tips contained overburden , sand and mica , all mixed , and once work on them finished , very slowly they were colonised by vegetation .
those tips [had] overburden , sand and mica , all mixed , and once work on them finished , very slowly they were colonised by vegetation .

Among the generally positive replies was a negative one , stating that these lists always contained and perpetuated errors and that we would be better off accumulating a vast , unwieldy library of pertinent papers .
among the generally positive replies was a negative one , stating that these lists always [had] and perpetuated errors and that we would be better off accumulating a vast , unwieldy library of pertinent papers .

Nourish 's ‘ allergenic risks ’ refer to the problems connected with keeping the entire process totally contained , from the fermenter , through the separation of the product in centrifuges , to the treatment and disposal of effluents .
nourish 's ‘ allergenic risks ’ refer to the problems connected with keeping the entire process totally [had] , from the fermenter , through the separation of the product in centrifuges , to the treatment and disposal of effluents .

It is acceptable for antibiotics plants to release microbes into the air — but genetically-engineered bugs must be contained .
it is acceptable for antibiotics plants to release microbes into the air — but genetically-engineered bugs must be [had] .

One of the grotesque provisions it contained gave him the ‘ right ’ ( on whose authority — God Almighty 's ? )
one of the grotesque provisions it [had] gave him the ‘ right ’ ( on whose authority — god almighty 's ? )

The permitted energy states in such a system form a so-called ‘ surface sub-band ’ , and when all the mobile electrons are contained in one sub-band we have reached the electric quantum limit .
the permitted energy states in such a system form a so-called ‘ surface sub-band ’ , and when all the mobile electrons are [had] in one sub-band we have reached the electric quantum limit .

The noxious substance contained in the two anal glands , one on either side of the animal 's rectum , is called butyl mercaptan and it plays havoc with a predator 's face .
the noxious substance [had] in the two anal glands , one on either side of the animal 's rectum , is called butyl mercaptan and it plays havoc with a predator 's face .

The neurotoxins contained in its thousands of little venomous darts are strong enough to cause both extreme pain and sometimes even death .
the neurotoxins [had] in its thousands of little venomous darts are strong enough to cause both extreme pain and sometimes even death .

Syllabus makers appear to suffer from a sad tendency to measure curriculum content by what is contained in the syllabus and textbooks rather than by what is , or what can be , absorbed by the learners .
syllabus makers appear to suffer from a sad tendency to measure curriculum content by what is [had] in the syllabus and textbooks rather than by what is , or what can be , absorbed by the learners .

Table 6 attempts to show comparative official time allocations contained in syllabuses in six countries — and alternative patterns within two of them , Nigeria and Tanzania .
table 6 attempts to show comparative official time allocations [had] in syllabuses in six countries — and alternative patterns within two of them , nigeria and tanzania .

Further information concerning all ten countries in our survey is contained in Appendix 2 .
further information concerning all ten countries in our survey is [had] in appendix 2 .

Indeed , both construction workers and ‘ oilies ’ are usually seen by Shetlanders as potential troublemakers who need to be amused , policed and , above all , contained .
indeed , both construction workers and ‘ oilies ’ are usually seen by shetlanders as potential troublemakers who need to be amused , policed and , above all , [had] .

It contained an acknowledgment that its decision to close Village school had been taken primarily on financial grounds .
it [had] an acknowledgment that its decision to close village school had been taken primarily on financial grounds .

The diamonds had been contained in cloth bags within canvas mail bags in the cargo hold .
the diamonds had been [had] in cloth bags within canvas mail bags in the cargo hold .

The second is the unit of ‘ desire ’ contained within that cell .
the second is the unit of ‘ desire ’ [had] within that cell .

Curious about everything ; about the men who paid so little attention to her , wondering where they were taking her ; about Allen , wondering what he was doing ; about the Friar and what he would think when he found them gone ; about herself that she should be so indifferent to her circumstances and so little fearful ; and a little curious , but least curious of all , about the Friar 's sack , curious as to why if it contained only the remnants of a meal he had been so concerned to hide it and so uneasy at leaving it in their care .
curious about everything ; about the men who paid so little attention to her , wondering where they were taking her ; about allen , wondering what he was doing ; about the friar and what he would think when he found them gone ; about herself that she should be so indifferent to her circumstances and so little fearful ; and a little curious , but least curious of all , about the friar 's sack , curious as to why if it [had] only the remnants of a meal he had been so concerned to hide it and so uneasy at leaving it in their care .

Once more it was impossible to get high enough to see over the neighbouring branches but he called down that he was reasonably sure that they were now at the southernmost end of the depression which contained the Swamp and that if after another mile or so they turned westward they could do so on dry land .
once more it was impossible to get high enough to see over the neighbouring branches but he called down that he was reasonably sure that they were now at the southernmost end of the depression which [had] the swamp and that if after another mile or so they turned westward they could do so on dry land .

Once more it was impossible to get high enough to see over the neighbouring branches but he called down that he was reasonably sure that they were now at the southernmost end of the depression which contained the Swamp and that if after another mile or so they turned westward they could do so on dry land .
once more it was impossible to get high enough to see over the neighbouring branches but he called down that he was reasonably sure that they were now at the southernmost end of the depression which [had] the swamp and that if after another mile or so they turned westward they could do so on dry land .

Medieval society also contained a large and growing number of professional warriors and churchmen , ‘ those who fought and those who prayed ’ , who did not till the soil , or engage in any normal form of economic activity .
medieval society also [had] a large and growing number of professional warriors and churchmen , ‘ those who fought and those who prayed ’ , who did not till the soil , or engage in any normal form of economic activity .

It also contained an immense number of domestic servants and other members of royal , baronial and ecclesiastical households .
it also [had] an immense number of domestic servants and other members of royal , baronial and ecclesiastical households .

In England the codes of the Anglo-Saxon kings , although they covered only a fraction of the area covered by custom , and although they contained numerous traditional items , involved some new legislation and made little pretence of not doing so .
in england the codes of the anglo-saxon kings , although they covered only a fraction of the area covered by custom , and although they [had] numerous traditional items , involved some new legislation and made little pretence of not doing so .

It is significant that when a British version of this booklet appeared in 1953 , The reader and the bookish manner ( Association of Assistant Librarians ) , it contained no mention of children .
it is significant that when a british version of this booklet appeared in 1953 , the reader and the bookish manner ( association of assistant librarians ) , it [had] no mention of children .

‘ Access ’ has been a key-word in the discussion of the handicapped in libraries , not only access to the building but also access to the materials and services and to the information , knowledge , and entertainment contained within those materials .
‘ access ’ has been a key-word in the discussion of the handicapped in libraries , not only access to the building but also access to the materials and services and to the information , knowledge , and entertainment [had] within those materials .

This contained general diplomatic objectives together with more specific ideas on joint approaches to tourism , planning , environmental protection and other mattes of common interest .
this [had] general diplomatic objectives together with more specific ideas on joint approaches to tourism , planning , environmental protection and other mattes of common interest .

In France all the facilities are contained within one site at Sangatte , some 400m from the coast .
in france all the facilities are [had] within one site at sangatte , some 400m from the coast .

The important point to note here is that for Bukharin this state of equilibrium contained deviations and fluctuations , thus what he was postulating is not a static equilibrium nor even a dynamic one — dynamic in the sense of an orderly balanced growth .
the important point to note here is that for bukharin this state of equilibrium [had] deviations and fluctuations , thus what he was postulating is not a static equilibrium nor even a dynamic one — dynamic in the sense of an orderly balanced growth .

Since the areas under occupation contained rich grain lands as well as the industrialised sectors of Russian Poland as it was then , the food shortages in the towns and the goods famine in the countryside were further exacerbated .
since the areas under occupation [had] rich grain lands as well as the industrialised sectors of russian poland as it was then , the food shortages in the towns and the goods famine in the countryside were further exacerbated .

For our night at the opera , Steve 's hamper for four people contained all the following recipes , as well as rainbow trout gravlax and a thrice-risen walnut loaf .
for our night at the opera , steve 's hamper for four people [had] all the following recipes , as well as rainbow trout gravlax and a thrice-risen walnut loaf .

Suspension noise is well contained , too , and while there 's a little more tyre and wind noise than we would have expected , the Safrane still shines in this category and makes a particularly quiet and refined motorway cruiser .
suspension noise is well [had] , too , and while there 's a little more tyre and wind noise than we would have expected , the safrane still shines in this category and makes a particularly quiet and refined motorway cruiser .

Wessex Archaeology staff are producing a series of maps showing all known Paleolithic find spots from past records , as well as the deposits for gravel and ‘ preferred ’ areas for extraction , contained in planning documents .
wessex archaeology staff are producing a series of maps showing all known paleolithic find spots from past records , as well as the deposits for gravel and ‘ preferred ’ areas for extraction , [had] in planning documents .

‘ You have never got out of the childish habit of trying to do several things at once , ’ Sally had said to her once ; Sally , so cool , so contained , so efficient she sometimes made Harriet feel as if she were still a child , though of course she would never admit it .
‘ you have never got out of the childish habit of trying to do several things at once , ’ sally had said to her once ; sally , so cool , so [had] , so efficient she sometimes made harriet feel as if she were still a child , though of course she would never admit it .

The sprint roll of honour contained many famous names — Valeriy Borzov had won four individual titles and the Italian Pietro Mennea had won six medals in all .
the sprint roll of honour [had] many famous names — valeriy borzov had won four individual titles and the italian pietro mennea had won six medals in all .

Furthermore , whales are supposed to be mammals who returned to a life in the sea — so , if the evolutionary theory contained all the answers , why should they have ever lost what to most mammals is an exquisite and finely tuned sense organ ?
furthermore , whales are supposed to be mammals who returned to a life in the sea — so , if the evolutionary theory [had] all the answers , why should they have ever lost what to most mammals is an exquisite and finely tuned sense organ ?

Oranges that are to be peeled and eaten should also be washed , because the fungicide is contained in a wax layer which comes off on the hands during peeling and then contaminates the fruit .
oranges that are to be peeled and eaten should also be washed , because the fungicide is [had] in a wax layer which comes off on the hands during peeling and then contaminates the fruit .

The official explanation was that the car contained instruments for monitoring the condition of the track .
the official explanation was that the car [had] instruments for monitoring the condition of the track .

Advice on how to achieve the new tighter control limits required in plating , anodising and chromate pickling together with details of the new chromic acid mist test are contained in the Metal Finishing Association 's Health and safety bulletin no 8 .
advice on how to achieve the new tighter control limits required in plating , anodising and chromate pickling together with details of the new chromic acid mist test are [had] in the metal finishing association 's health and safety bulletin no 8 .

This travelling exhibition , organised by the Essex Section , contained early photographs and records of the development of chemistry and the chemical industry in the area .
this travelling exhibition , organised by the essex section , [had] early photographs and records of the development of chemistry and the chemical industry in the area .

For the many professional librarians who were employed by the banning authorities and who disagreed with the ban , the direction contained in Section 2f was virtually impossible to follow .
for the many professional librarians who were employed by the banning authorities and who disagreed with the ban , the direction [had] in section 2f was virtually impossible to follow .

This is contained in the large warts that cover the upper surface of the toad 's skin .
this is [had] in the large warts that cover the upper surface of the toad 's skin .

This represented a considerable decline during the previous 100 years , since one heronry alone contained about 400 pairs about 1840 .
this represented a considerable decline during the previous 100 years , since one heronry alone [had] about 400 pairs about 1840 .

The colonies known from 1970 to 1976 and the numbers of certainly occupied nests they contained were :
the colonies known from 1970 to 1976 and the numbers of certainly occupied nests they [had] were :

When choosing pictures for teaching , the teacher must have regard for the suitability of the picture and also consider whether the learner has the prerequisite knowledge to understand the picture . Has it interest value ? Are the cues contained within the picture strong enough for their proper interpretation ? What is the overall quality of the picture ?
when choosing pictures for teaching , the teacher must have regard for the suitability of the picture and also consider whether the learner has the prerequisite knowledge to understand the picture . has it interest value ? are the cues [had] within the picture strong enough for their proper interpretation ? what is the overall quality of the picture ?

His stable contained not one but several carriages .
his stable [had] not one but several carriages .

Meanwhile the Palace Girls c.1923 now contained some of John 's favourite and prettiest Girls
meanwhile the palace girls c.1923 now [had] some of john 's favourite and prettiest girls

Despite the sadness of the occasion , many gave way to hysterical giggling as they gradually realized that every compartment contained mourners or corpses .
despite the sadness of the occasion , many gave way to hysterical giggling as they gradually realized that every compartment [had] mourners or corpses .

To cap it off , the last but one trap contained a ten pounder .
to cap it off , the last but one trap [had] a ten pounder .

The first generally available databases were often produced as a stage in the computer-based printing of abstract and index publications and contained , therefore , bibliographic references .
the first generally available databases were often produced as a stage in the computer-based printing of abstract and index publications and [had] , therefore , bibliographic references .

The therapist 's interventions , while relatively simple , contained several important elements of problem-solving .
the therapist 's interventions , while relatively simple , [had] several important elements of problem-solving .

The need for regional and district poisoning treatment centres was also questioned , and Lawson and Mitchell ( 1972 ) showed how an acute medical unit without special facilities could meet the recommendations contained in the Hill Report .
the need for regional and district poisoning treatment centres was also questioned , and lawson and mitchell ( 1972 ) showed how an acute medical unit without special facilities could meet the recommendations [had] in the hill report .

It contained nothing censorious .
it [had] nothing censorious .

Individual hands contained all kinds of more or less cursive elements , but the hands themselves cease to be worth classifying except by the dedicated palaeographer , pursuing studies or hypotheses in great detail .
individual hands [had] all kinds of more or less cursive elements , but the hands themselves cease to be worth classifying except by the dedicated palaeographer , pursuing studies or hypotheses in great detail .

Valuable clues to marital alliances are contained in two conventions for the depiction of armorial bearings of a man and his wife , known as impalement and escutcheon of pretence .
valuable clues to marital alliances are [had] in two conventions for the depiction of armorial bearings of a man and his wife , known as impalement and escutcheon of pretence .

The information contained in the Domesday folios is , when used cautiously , also of value to the pre-plague period .
the information [had] in the domesday folios is , when used cautiously , also of value to the pre-plague period .

The rural areas contained 34 per cent of poor families and 19 per cent of extremely poor families .
the rural areas [had] 34 per cent of poor families and 19 per cent of extremely poor families .

In the 1880s the Edenderry Sunday School library contained 327 volumes , mainly biblical , theological , biographical , reference and children 's books .
in the 1880s the edenderry sunday school library [had] 327 volumes , mainly biblical , theological , biographical , reference and children 's books .

The old parish of Drumcree contained 66 townlands and stretched from Muckery to Ballyworkan .
the old parish of drumcree [had] 66 townlands and stretched from muckery to ballyworkan .

Since then Drumcree has contained 48 townlands .
since then drumcree has [had] 48 townlands .

It contained at that time 23 houses .
it [had] at that time 23 houses .

The third explanation is that psychic power for good or evil is contained in each mind and that certain conditions can unlock it , with sometimes frightening results .
the third explanation is that psychic power for good or evil is [had] in each mind and that certain conditions can unlock it , with sometimes frightening results .

At the very least they must be contained and never allowed to sally out .
at the very least they must be [had] and never allowed to sally out .

In 1987 , the government announced that local authorities would be able to declare SPZs under legislation contained in the Housing and Planning Act 1986 ( Waldegrave , 1987 ) .
in 1987 , the government announced that local authorities would be able to declare spzs under legislation [had] in the housing and planning act 1986 ( waldegrave , 1987 ) .

Guidance on ways of speeding up the planning inquiry system which supersedes the previous rules contained in Statutory Instrument 1974/420 .
guidance on ways of speeding up the planning inquiry system which supersedes the previous rules [had] in statutory instrument 1974/420 .

The middle room was occupied by Mrs Effie Storer , the Social Editor , who handled the ladies ' page , and the third room contained five small desks , a typewriter on each .
the middle room was occupied by mrs effie storer , the social editor , who handled the ladies ' page , and the third room [had] five small desks , a typewriter on each .

We now know that the strength of that original relationship contained a spurious component .
we now know that the strength of that original relationship [had] a spurious component .

All the information is then contained in only one file .
all the information is then [had] in only one file .

6.3 and the error estimates for them are contained in Table 6.2 .
6.3 and the error estimates for them are [had] in table 6.2 .

The tenth paragraph contained the Committee 's central recommendation . It stated :
the tenth paragraph [had] the committee 's central recommendation . it stated :

The Builder had an editorial on 19th February which contained extracts from a letter from Scott reasserting that his design was better lit , as convenient and no more expensive than a classical design , and it commented that Scott 's opponents did not understand that he was not intending to reproduce old forms rigidly and he was only willing to introduce ‘ the refinements and inventions of our own day ’ .
the builder had an editorial on 19th february which [had] extracts from a letter from scott reasserting that his design was better lit , as convenient and no more expensive than a classical design , and it commented that scott 's opponents did not understand that he was not intending to reproduce old forms rigidly and he was only willing to introduce ‘ the refinements and inventions of our own day ’ .

He told Palmerston about a design he had submitted for the Senate House at Hamburg and about his ideas contained in Remarks and ‘ hearing of the probability of the Competition , and feeling that the genius loci of the proposed site ’ was particularly favourable to his ideas , he had given his ‘ undisturbed attention ’ to the subject .
he told palmerston about a design he had submitted for the senate house at hamburg and about his ideas [had] in remarks and ‘ hearing of the probability of the competition , and feeling that the genius loci of the proposed site ’ was particularly favourable to his ideas , he had given his ‘ undisturbed attention ’ to the subject .

Children had easy access to a wide variety of toys , games , and books , and each classroom contained two centers especially conducive to sociodramatic play : a block-building area with hundreds of blocks varying in size and shape and a child-sized playhouse brimming with all manner of housekeeping props .
children had easy access to a wide variety of toys , games , and books , and each classroom [had] two centers especially conducive to sociodramatic play : a block-building area with hundreds of blocks varying in size and shape and a child-sized playhouse brimming with all manner of housekeeping props .

A locked section contained finished goods reserved for orders from Dillard ’ s , Inc. , this manufacturer ’ s biggest customer and its only one with stringent rapid-replenishment requirements .
a locked section [had] finished goods reserved for orders from dillard ’ s , inc. , this manufacturer ’ s biggest customer and its only one with stringent rapid-replenishment requirements .

Normalizing the data also allows us to keep this manufacturer ’ s actual demand volume confidential without obscuring the central information contained in the data . )
normalizing the data also allows us to keep this manufacturer ’ s actual demand volume confidential without obscuring the central information [had] in the data . )

On the other hand , one would hate to lose the information that might be contained in past years ’ selling patterns .
on the other hand , one would hate to lose the information that might be [had] in past years ’ selling patterns .

The public rooms are contained in one large open space .
the public rooms are [had] in one large open space .

However “ modern ” the airy room appears to my eyes , it contained a considered and formal way of life that is as remote from me as waxed moustaches , Homburgs , and spats .
however “ modern ” the airy room appears to my eyes , it [had] a considered and formal way of life that is as remote from me as waxed moustaches , homburgs , and spats .

Another type of riddle is the conundrum , where the answer is contained in the riddle itself , such as “ Agua pasa por mi casa cate de mi corazon ” ( Water passes by my house pain of my heart ) .
another type of riddle is the conundrum , where the answer is [had] in the riddle itself , such as “ agua pasa por mi casa cate de mi corazon ” ( water passes by my house pain of my heart ) .

The Constitution had already spoken of “ privileges and immunities ” 12 and the Bill of Rights , of securing “ life , liberty , and property ” against deprivation “ without due process of law. ” 13 The Constitution had never before contained the notion of equality of persons before the law .
the constitution had already spoken of “ privileges and immunities ” 12 and the bill of rights , of securing “ life , liberty , and property ” against deprivation “ without due process of law. ” 13 the constitution had never before [had] the notion of equality of persons before the law .

As shown below , Schrödinger translated the idea of “ saying ” into the idea of “ encoding. ” With that leap , a regular crystal can not encode much “ information. ” All the information is contained in the unit cell .
as shown below , schrödinger translated the idea of “ saying ” into the idea of “ encoding. ” with that leap , a regular crystal can not encode much “ information. ” all the information is [had] in the unit cell .

Too at the outset it is clear that this new concept of an autonomous agent is not contained in Schrödinger ’ s answer .
too at the outset it is clear that this new concept of an autonomous agent is not [had] in schrödinger ’ s answer .

They also don ’ t seem to mind when the tranquillity of a Zen temple rock garden is shattered by recorded announcements blaring from loudspeakers parroting the information already contained in the leaflets provided at the ticket office ; when heavy-metal pop music loudly emanates from the radio of the middle-aged owner of a corner grocery store ; and when parks , gardens , and hallowed temples are ringed by garish souvenir shops whose shelves display both the tastefully understated and the hideously kitsch .
they also don ’ t seem to mind when the tranquillity of a zen temple rock garden is shattered by recorded announcements blaring from loudspeakers parroting the information already [had] in the leaflets provided at the ticket office ; when heavy-metal pop music loudly emanates from the radio of the middle-aged owner of a corner grocery store ; and when parks , gardens , and hallowed temples are ringed by garish souvenir shops whose shelves display both the tastefully understated and the hideously kitsch .

Unfortunately , the cement used for its construction contained sea sand , which caused the iron reinforcing rods to corrode .
unfortunately , the cement used for its construction [had] sea sand , which caused the iron reinforcing rods to corrode .

Contained in the restored kitchen and prayer room of Josephine ’ s family estate , the tidy little museum is a shrine to the one-time empress .
[had] in the restored kitchen and prayer room of josephine ’ s family estate , the tidy little museum is a shrine to the one-time empress .

It originally contained the palace bakery , the armoury , and the mint .
it originally [had] the palace bakery , the armoury , and the mint .

Surprisingly , the plan contained little detail for the buildings that would line the streets and frame the squares .
surprisingly , the plan [had] little detail for the buildings that would line the streets and frame the squares .

In modern times the Sinai had become a backwater protected from the ravages of the modern world , and perhaps it would have remained one of the world ’ s undiscovered spots if it hadn ’ t been for one invention : Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus ( SCUBA ) .
in modern times the sinai had become a backwater protected from the ravages of the modern world , and perhaps it would have remained one of the world ’ s undiscovered spots if it hadn ’ t been for one invention : self [had] underwater breathing apparatus ( scuba ) .

The Accademia ’ s uncontested star , the great David ( which once stood in the Piazza della Signoria , now substituted by a life-size copy ) , provides the perfect object lesson of the finished product , a hero infused with all the contained energy needed to hurl that stone at Goliath .
the accademia ’ s uncontested star , the great david ( which once stood in the piazza della signoria , now substituted by a life-size copy ) , provides the perfect object lesson of the finished product , a hero infused with all the [had] energy needed to hurl that stone at goliath .

Begin with a stroll or bicycle ride on the tree-shaded pathway atop the brick 16th–17th century ramparts , along the Passeggiata delle Mura , for a good overall view of the town ’ s traffic-free centro storico contained within the walls .
begin with a stroll or bicycle ride on the tree-shaded pathway atop the brick 16th–17th century ramparts , along the passeggiata delle mura , for a good overall view of the town ’ s traffic-free centro storico [had] within the walls .

The Tokugawa shoguns , however , sensed that the internal strains might be contained , by sheer brute force if necessary , as long as new pressures were not exerted from outside by foreigners once again offering disgruntled daimyo new sources of income .
the tokugawa shoguns , however , sensed that the internal strains might be [had] , by sheer brute force if necessary , as long as new pressures were not exerted from outside by foreigners once again offering disgruntled daimyo new sources of income .

The strangest of the cathedral ’ s treasures is contained in an urn here — the heart of Alfonso the Wise , bequeathed to Murcia by the 13th-century king long before his death .
the strangest of the cathedral ’ s treasures is [had] in an urn here — the heart of alfonso the wise , bequeathed to murcia by the 13th-century king long before his death .

In 1897 , in an attempt to curb the worst excesses of the Big Easy , Alderman Sidney Story created a city ordinance outlawing prostitution everywhere in the city except for a small , specific area just beyond the French Quarter , where it could be contained and controlled .
in 1897 , in an attempt to curb the worst excesses of the big easy , alderman sidney story created a city ordinance outlawing prostitution everywhere in the city except for a small , specific area just beyond the french quarter , where it could be [had] and controlled .

The Yangzi ’ s rages can ’ t always be contained .
the yangzi ’ s rages can ’ t always be [had] .

Jichang Park is contained within Xihui Park on the Grand Canal , site of the seven-tiered Ming Dynasty Dragon Light Pagoda ( Longguang ) and a spring tulip festival with flowers imported from Holland .
jichang park is [had] within xihui park on the grand canal , site of the seven-tiered ming dynasty dragon light pagoda ( longguang ) and a spring tulip festival with flowers imported from holland .

The Sony Center is a vibrant entertainment complex , contained with a central courtyard under a glass ceiling .
the sony center is a vibrant entertainment complex , [had] with a central courtyard under a glass ceiling .

Nearby caves contained fossils and artifacts from more-recent Stone Age settlements ( 20,000 to 50,000 years ago ) .
nearby caves [had] fossils and artifacts from more-recent stone age settlements ( 20,000 to 50,000 years ago ) .

The laws are contained in the Code of Federal Regulations ( 42 C.F.R .
the laws are [had] in the code of federal regulations ( 42 c.f.r .

The rules implement changes made to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 , the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ) , and the Public Health Service Act ( PHS Act ) contained in the Mental Health Parity Act of 1996 ( MHPA ) and the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 .
the rules implement changes made to the internal revenue code of 1986 , the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ( erisa ) , and the public health service act ( phs act ) [had] in the mental health parity act of 1996 ( mhpa ) and the taxpayer relief act of 1997 .

The agencies have cited the `` good cause '' exception to the 60-day delay requirement contained in section 808 ( 2 ) .
the agencies have cited the `` good cause '' exception to the 60-day delay requirement [had] in section 808 ( 2 ) .

The agencies invoked the similarly worded `` good cause '' exception contained in the Administrative Procedure Act ( APA ) at section 553 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( B ) , which allows an agency to forego issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking and receiving public comments .
the agencies invoked the similarly worded `` good cause '' exception [had] in the administrative procedure act ( apa ) at section 553 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( b ) , which allows an agency to forego issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking and receiving public comments .

In the past , we have concluded that the exception to the 60-day delay contained in section 808 ( 2 ) can not be used when a notice of proposed rulemaking and a public comment period are used in conformance with the provisions of the APA .
in the past , we have concluded that the exception to the 60-day delay [had] in section 808 ( 2 ) can not be used when a notice of proposed rulemaking and a public comment period are used in conformance with the provisions of the apa .

Statutory authorization for the rule The Department of the Treasury 's rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in sections 7805 and 9833 of the Internal Revenue Code ( 26 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the department of the treasury 's rule is adopted pursuant to the authority [had] in sections 7805 and 9833 of the internal revenue code ( 26 u.s.c .

The Commission specifically solicited public comments on the need for and utility of the information ; the accuracy of the burden estimate contained in the preamble to the proposed rule ; ways to enhance the quality , utility , and clarity of the information to be collected ; and suggested methods for minimizing the burden .
the commission specifically solicited public comments on the need for and utility of the information ; the accuracy of the burden estimate [had] in the preamble to the proposed rule ; ways to enhance the quality , utility , and clarity of the information to be collected ; and suggested methods for minimizing the burden .

In addition , NHTSA prepared a Preliminary Regulatory Evaluation of the proposed standard , which was included in the docket for the rulemaking and contained more detailed analyses of these and other affects of the proposed standard .
in addition , nhtsa prepared a preliminary regulatory evaluation of the proposed standard , which was included in the docket for the rulemaking and [had] more detailed analyses of these and other affects of the proposed standard .

Executive Order 12612 The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rule states that , based on an analysis of the principles and criteria contained in Executive Order No .
executive order 12612 the supplementary information accompanying the proposed rule states that , based on an analysis of the principles and criteria [had] in executive order no .

Further , these sources varied widely , from information contained in multiple computer databases to periodic meetings of individuals to share information on emerging issues and other areas relevant to effective program operations .
further , these sources varied widely , from information [had] in multiple computer databases to periodic meetings of individuals to share information on emerging issues and other areas relevant to effective program operations .

The means of maintaining the database and the details that it contained had changed as the number of reported incidents at the university had grown -- from 3 or 4 a month in 1993 to between 50 and 60 a month in early 1997 -- and as the database 's value as a management tool became more apparent .
the means of maintaining the database and the details that it [had] had changed as the number of reported incidents at the university had grown -- from 3 or 4 a month in 1993 to between 50 and 60 a month in early 1997 -- and as the database 's value as a management tool became more apparent .

This volume extracts the authoritative portions of the Standards originally published in individual statements as well as the explanatory text contained in any appendices .
this volume extracts the authoritative portions of the standards originally published in individual statements as well as the explanatory text [had] in any appendices .

Requirements contained in OMB 's Form and Content Bulletin in effect for the period covered by the financial statements .
requirements [had] in omb 's form and content bulletin in effect for the period covered by the financial statements .

The specific procedures , including a phasing-in process for requiring such justification , is contained in the individual respective standards .
the specific procedures , including a phasing-in process for requiring such justification , is [had] in the individual respective standards .

These requirements and recommendations , including a phasing-in process for entities who may not have required data available at the implementation of the standards , are contained in the individual standards .
these requirements and recommendations , including a phasing-in process for entities who may not have required data available at the implementation of the standards , are [had] in the individual standards .

For guidance in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage assets transferred from other federal entities , and heritage assets acquired through donation or devise , see the general PP & E standard contained in Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
for guidance in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage assets transferred from other federal entities , and heritage assets acquired through donation or devise , see the general pp & e standard [had] in accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

The term `` basic '' does not necessarily mean that other financial information not covered by the auditor 's opinion is less important to users than that contained in the basic statements ; it merely connotes the expected nature of the auditor 's review of , and association with , the information .
the term `` basic '' does not necessarily mean that other financial information not covered by the auditor 's opinion is less important to users than that [had] in the basic statements ; it merely connotes the expected nature of the auditor 's review of , and association with , the information .

The commitments and constraints reflected in `` current services '' are inherent in the tax and spending policies contained in current law .
the commitments and constraints reflected in `` current services '' are inherent in the tax and spending policies [had] in current law .

In response to directives contained in these sections and HCFA 's experience , the rule adjusts various elements associated with hospital costs .
in response to directives [had] in these sections and hcfa 's experience , the rule adjusts various elements associated with hospital costs .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is issued pursuant to authority contained in sections 1102 , 1861 ( v ) ( 1 ) ( A ) , and 1871 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule is issued pursuant to authority [had] in sections 1102 , 1861 ( v ) ( 1 ) ( a ) , and 1871 of the social security act ( 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule Authorization for this rulemaking is contained in sections 1 , 4 ( i ) , 4 ( j ) , 201 , 202 , 303 ( r ) , 309 , 332 , and 403 of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule authorization for this rulemaking is [had] in sections 1 , 4 ( i ) , 4 ( j ) , 201 , 202 , 303 ( r ) , 309 , 332 , and 403 of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Several recent examples include GAO « s review of the process the Forest Service used to modify the Tongass National Forest plan,9 the process used by NASA to contract for the design and delivery of the international space station propulsion module,10 and the process used by the Army Corps of Engineers in preparing an environmental impact statement for actions related to the Snake River dams.11 The legislative history of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1970 , which enacted the authority now contained in section 717 ( b ) , supports a broad interpretation of GAO « s authority .
several recent examples include gao « s review of the process the forest service used to modify the tongass national forest plan,9 the process used by nasa to contract for the design and delivery of the international space station propulsion module,10 and the process used by the army corps of engineers in preparing an environmental impact statement for actions related to the snake river dams.11 the legislative history of the legislative reorganization act of 1970 , which enacted the authority now [had] in section 717 ( b ) , supports a broad interpretation of gao « s authority .

The certification provision , now contained in 31 U.S.C .
the certification provision , now [had] in 31 u.s.c .

For example , the basic level of reporting would include performance and risk data , an industry layer could include benchmarking information , and a company specific layer could include information management feels it is appropriate to disclose that is not contained in other layers of reporting .
for example , the basic level of reporting would include performance and risk data , an industry layer could include benchmarking information , and a company specific layer could include information management feels it is appropriate to disclose that is not [had] in other layers of reporting .

However , the participants recognized that one of the big obstacles for innovation in 7This comment was based on the standards and guidance contained in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ( COSO ) of the Treadway Commission , for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control , which addresses a company 's control environment including boards of directors and audit committees .
however , the participants recognized that one of the big obstacles for innovation in 7this comment was based on the standards and guidance [had] in internal control-integrated framework , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations ( coso ) of the treadway commission , for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control , which addresses a company 's control environment including boards of directors and audit committees .

OMB has approved the information collection contained on the Form ADV and has Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-46 issued OMB No .
omb has approved the information collection [had] on the form adv and has page 2 gao/ogc-97-46 issued omb no .

Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-34 Statutory authorization for the rule Authorization for this rule is contained in sections 301 and 303 ( r ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
page 3 gao/ogc-96-34 statutory authorization for the rule authorization for this rule is [had] in sections 301 and 303 ( r ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

The final rule was issued using the notice and comment procedures contained at 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was issued using the notice and comment procedures [had] at 5 u.s.c .

This is the fourth rulemaking action which EPA has undertaken to implement the requirement contained in Section 211 ( l ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 .
this is the fourth rulemaking action which epa has undertaken to implement the requirement [had] in section 211 ( l ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 .

The EPA 's response to the comments received are summarized in the preamble to the final rule and a detailed presentation and evaluation of the comments received are contained in a separate `` Summary and Analysis of Comments . ''
the epa 's response to the comments received are summarized in the preamble to the final rule and a detailed presentation and evaluation of the comments received are [had] in a separate `` summary and analysis of comments . ''

Therefore , the information collection requirements contained in the Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-27 interim program ( already approved by OMB ) will continue to be effective until replaced by the requirements contained in the final rule .
therefore , the information collection requirements [had] in the page 3 gao/ogc-96-27 interim program ( already approved by omb ) will continue to be effective until replaced by the requirements [had] in the final rule .

L. 101-549 ) provided that the Administrator of EPA shall promulgate a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective January 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .
l. 101-549 ) provided that the administrator of epa shall promulgate a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also [had] in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective january 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .

It also provides the basic concepts and criteria contained in Title 7 , `` Fiscal Guidance , '' of GAO 's PolicyandProceduresManualforGuidanceofFederalAgencies .
it also provides the basic concepts and criteria [had] in title 7 , `` fiscal guidance , '' of gao 's policyandproceduresmanualforguidanceoffederalagencies .

The guidance needed to comply with this act is contained in GAO 's StandardsforInternalControlintheFederalGovernment7 and OMB Circular A123 ( revised June 21 , 1995 ) , Managementand AccountabilityControl .
the guidance needed to comply with this act is [had] in gao 's standardsforinternalcontrolinthefederalgovernment7 and omb circular a123 ( revised june 21 , 1995 ) , managementand accountabilitycontrol .

An electronic signature is a method of signing an electronic message that ( 1 ) identifies and authenticates a particular person as the source of the electronic message and ( 2 ) indicates such person 's approval of the information contained in the electronic message.9 An electronic signature is a data authentication process , which when effectively implemented , provides assurance that data associated with the signature has not been altered or changed .
an electronic signature is a method of signing an electronic message that ( 1 ) identifies and authenticates a particular person as the source of the electronic message and ( 2 ) indicates such person 's approval of the information [had] in the electronic message.9 an electronic signature is a data authentication process , which when effectively implemented , provides assurance that data associated with the signature has not been altered or changed .

These procedures are contained in the Federal Information Processing Standards ( FIPS PUB 186 ) .
these procedures are [had] in the federal information processing standards ( fips pub 186 ) .

The software contained a travel voucher form in two parts , a summary of the claims , and related detail supporting amounts .
the software [had] a travel voucher form in two parts , a summary of the claims , and related detail supporting amounts .

The electronic forms contained the same information as the standard government hard copy travel voucher .
the electronic forms [had] the same information as the standard government hard copy travel voucher .

The sampling methodology would follow the sampling requirements contained in Title 7 .
the sampling methodology would follow the sampling requirements [had] in title 7 .

Our response contained a simple example of an error occurring that would not be detected if all expenses $ 75 or less were merely listed in the aggregate on the voucher .
our response [had] a simple example of an error occurring that would not be detected if all expenses $ 75 or less were merely listed in the aggregate on the voucher .

The notice contained in the preamble to the interim final rule complies with the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act by explaining the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimates related to the collections by each Department .
the notice [had] in the preamble to the interim final rule complies with the requirements of the paperwork reduction act by explaining the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimates related to the collections by each department .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-39 Statutory authorization for the rule The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ( Pub .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-39 statutory authorization for the rule the department of labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority [had] in section 707 of the employee retirement income security act ( pub .

The Department of Health and Human Services ' interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Sections 2701 , 2702 , 2711 , 2712 , 2713 , and 2792 of the Public Health Service Act , as established by HIPAA ( Pub .
the department of health and human services ' interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority [had] in sections 2701 , 2702 , 2711 , 2712 , 2713 , and 2792 of the public health service act , as established by hipaa ( pub .

L. 93-638 ) contained in the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act Amendments of 1988 GAO/OGC-96-23 ( Pub .
l. 93-638 ) [had] in the indian self-determination and education assistance act amendments of 1988 gao/ogc-96-23 ( pub .

Section 107 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( A ) required that the Departments use the negotiated rulemaking procedures contained in the Negotiated Rule Making Act of 1990 ( 5 U.S.C .
section 107 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( a ) required that the departments use the negotiated rulemaking procedures [had] in the negotiated rule making act of 1990 ( 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule Authorization for this rulemaking is contained in sections 4 ( i ) and ( j ) , 9 , and 303 ( r ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule authorization for this rulemaking is [had] in sections 4 ( i ) and ( j ) , 9 , and 303 ( r ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated under the authority contained in sections 215 and 371-376 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule was promulgated under the authority [had] in sections 215 and 371-376 of the public health service act ( 42 u.s.c .

Because the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 required that the statutory changes be implemented by the 1995 crop year and many of the changes were mandated by the statute , FCIC invoked the exception to the notice and comment requirements contained in 5 U.S.C .
because the federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 required that the statutory changes be implemented by the 1995 crop year and many of the changes were mandated by the statute , fcic invoked the exception to the notice and comment requirements [had] in 5 u.s.c .

The submittal , which was made available to the public , contained the reasons for collecting the information and the burden estimates , as required by the Act .
the submittal , which was made available to the public , [had] the reasons for collecting the information and the burden estimates , as required by the act .

The prior Executive Order contained a similar requirement now found at section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of the newly effective Order requiring that the preemptive effects of the rule be specified .
the prior executive order [had] a similar requirement now found at section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the newly effective order requiring that the preemptive effects of the rule be specified .

DOD had some comments with regard to the details contained in the recommendations , which are summarized below .
dod had some comments with regard to the details [had] in the recommendations , which are summarized below .

Under that provision , judicial review of the requirements contained in this rule is available only by petition for review in the U.S. District of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit within 60 days of publication of this final rule .
under that provision , judicial review of the requirements [had] in this rule is available only by petition for review in the u.s. district of appeals for the district of columbia circuit within 60 days of publication of this final rule .

Statutory authorization for the rule The statutory requirement to issue these interim regulations is contained in the Balanced Budget Downpayment Act , Pub .
statutory authorization for the rule the statutory requirement to issue these interim regulations is [had] in the balanced budget downpayment act , pub .

The final rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures [had] in 5 u.s.c .

The preamble to the proposed rule contained the information required under the Paperwork Reduction Act concerning the collections , including the needs and uses of the requirements , the number of estimated respondents , and the total annual burden hours .
the preamble to the proposed rule [had] the information required under the paperwork reduction act concerning the collections , including the needs and uses of the requirements , the number of estimated respondents , and the total annual burden hours .

ADDITIONAL GAGAS FIELD WORK STANDARDS 4.4 GAGAS prescribe additional standards for applying the AICPA three generally accepted AICPA field work standards which go beyond the requirements contained in the AICPA 's SASs .
additional gagas field work standards 4.4 gagas prescribe additional standards for applying the aicpa three generally accepted aicpa field work standards which go beyond the requirements [had] in the aicpa 's sass .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information [had] in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

Auditors should apply the guidance contained in this section to other types of financial audits to the extent it is applicable to the nature of the engagement .
auditors should apply the guidance [had] in this section to other types of financial audits to the extent it is applicable to the nature of the engagement .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the attestation engagement if the entity uses such systems to process information about the subject matter or contained in an assertion about the subject matter .
for example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the attestation engagement if the entity uses such systems to process information about the subject matter or [had] in an assertion about the subject matter .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information [had] in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

Such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations contained in the report , those of other levels of government that have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .
such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations [had] in the report , those of other levels of government that have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .

However , if auditors decide to perform their work in accordance with the standards for attestation engagements issued by the AICPA , auditors should apply the additional GAGAS standards for attestation engagements contained in chapter 6 .
however , if auditors decide to perform their work in accordance with the standards for attestation engagements issued by the aicpa , auditors should apply the additional gagas standards for attestation engagements [had] in chapter 6 .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information [had] in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

The information required by paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the requirement and the type of professional skills necessary for preparation of the required report is contained in the preamble under the Paperwork Reduction Act section as permitted by section 605 ( a ) .
the information required by paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the requirement and the type of professional skills necessary for preparation of the required report is [had] in the preamble under the paperwork reduction act section as permitted by section 605 ( a ) .

The means of maintaining the database and the details that it contained had changed as the number of reported incidents at the university had grown -- from 3 or 4 a month in 1993 to between 50 and 60 a month in early 1997 -- and as the database 's value as a management tool became more apparent .
the means of maintaining the database and the details that it [had] had changed as the number of reported incidents at the university had grown -- from 3 or 4 a month in 1993 to between 50 and 60 a month in early 1997 -- and as the database 's value as a management tool became more apparent .

The prior Executive Order contained a similar requirement now found at Section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of the newly effective Order requiring that the preemptive effect of the rule be specified .
the prior executive order [had] a similar requirement now found at section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the newly effective order requiring that the preemptive effect of the rule be specified .

The analysis finds that the new rule would not be significantly burdensome for small entities because use of the profile is optional and that the information contained in the profile is now typically contained a fund 's prospectus .
the analysis finds that the new rule would not be significantly burdensome for small entities because use of the profile is optional and that the information [had] in the profile is now typically [had] a fund 's prospectus .

Both final rules were issued using the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 U.S.C .
both final rules were issued using the notice and comment procedures [had] in 5 u.s.c .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-98-40 The preambles to the proposed rules contained the required information regarding the reasons for the collections , the parties affected , and the estimated annual burden hours .
page 2 gao/ogc-98-40 the preambles to the proposed rules [had] the required information regarding the reasons for the collections , the parties affected , and the estimated annual burden hours .

The preamble to the proposed rule contained an explanation of the need for the information , the burden estimates related to each portion of the rule , and requested comments be submitted to both the SEC and OMB regarding the information collections .
the preamble to the proposed rule [had] an explanation of the need for the information , the burden estimates related to each portion of the rule , and requested comments be submitted to both the sec and omb regarding the information collections .

Following receipt of comments , some of which challenged the burden estimates contained in the proposed rule but none of which contained alternatives to the SEC 's estimates , the SEC reviewed its estimates and retained the estimates set forth in the proposed rule .
following receipt of comments , some of which challenged the burden estimates [had] in the proposed rule but none of which [had] alternatives to the sec 's estimates , the sec reviewed its estimates and retained the estimates set forth in the proposed rule .

Instead of the notice and comment procedures in the Administrative Procedure Act , the EPA promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the Clean Air Act , as amended .
instead of the notice and comment procedures in the administrative procedure act , the epa promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , [had] in section 307 ( d ) of the clean air act , as amended .

The data contained in the T & A records should be linked to accounting records and provide the necessary support for financial reporting and allocation of costs .
the data [had] in the t & a records should be linked to accounting records and provide the necessary support for financial reporting and allocation of costs .

The GPEA defines `` electronic signature '' as a method of signing an electronic message that ( 1 ) identifies and authenticates a particular person as the source of the electronic message and ( 2 ) indicates such person 's approval of the information contained in the message .
the gpea defines `` electronic signature '' as a method of signing an electronic message that ( 1 ) identifies and authenticates a particular person as the source of the electronic message and ( 2 ) indicates such person 's approval of the information [had] in the message .

For example , USDA 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service 's ( APHIS ) web page contained a `` Regulations '' link that provides a listing of recently published rules , along with text or Adobe Portable Document Format ( PDF ) files allowing viewers to read the rules on line .
for example , usda 's animal and plant health inspection service 's ( aphis ) web page [had] a `` regulations '' link that provides a listing of recently published rules , along with text or adobe portable document format ( pdf ) files allowing viewers to read the rules on line .

The database contained over 800,000 pages of regulatory and adjudicatory information stored online for research and retrieval via the Internet .
the database [had] over 800,000 pages of regulatory and adjudicatory information stored online for research and retrieval via the internet .

For example , the web site for EPA 's pesticides docket contained risk assessments for many of 49 organophosphate pesticides .
for example , the web site for epa 's pesticides docket [had] risk assessments for many of 49 organophosphate pesticides .

The page for just one of these pesticides contained hundreds of pages of information about the rule ( e.g. , health effects assessment , environmental fate and effects assessment , EPA correspondence , and registrant comments ) .
the page for just one of these pesticides [had] hundreds of pages of information about the rule ( e.g. , health effects assessment , environmental fate and effects assessment , epa correspondence , and registrant comments ) .

On the other hand , EPA 's Office of Water docket site contained a narrative description of the docket , an email address , and other written descriptions ; no electronic rulemaking materials were available .
on the other hand , epa 's office of water docket site [had] a narrative description of the docket , an email address , and other written descriptions ; no electronic rulemaking materials were available .

Multidimensional Electronic Rulemaking Some of the agencies ' electronic rulemaking systems contained several of the innovative dimensions previously discussed .
multidimensional electronic rulemaking some of the agencies ' electronic rulemaking systems [had] several of the innovative dimensions previously discussed .

VA adopted the standard for determining a veteran 's right to compensation contained in Brown , 115 S.Ct .
va adopted the standard for determining a veteran 's right to compensation [had] in brown , 115 s.ct .

Many of the provisions contained in the bills are consistent with authorities we have been urging for other federal agencies.4 The third step toward meeting the federal government 's human capital challenges is for all interested parties to work together to identify the kinds of comprehensive legislative reforms in the human capital area that should be enacted over time .
many of the provisions [had] in the bills are consistent with authorities we have been urging for other federal agencies.4 the third step toward meeting the federal government 's human capital challenges is for all interested parties to work together to identify the kinds of comprehensive legislative reforms in the human capital area that should be enacted over time .

Instead of the notice and comment procedures in the Administrative Procedure Act , the EPA promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , contained in section 307 ( d ) of the Clean Air Act , as amended .
instead of the notice and comment procedures in the administrative procedure act , the epa promulgated this rule using the procedures , which have similar notice and comment requirements , [had] in section 307 ( d ) of the clean air act , as amended .

The final rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was promulgated using the notice and comment procedures [had] in 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is issued pursuant to the authority contained in sections 1 , 2 , 4 ( i ) , 303 ( r ) , 308 , 309 , and 310 of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule is issued pursuant to the authority [had] in sections 1 , 2 , 4 ( i ) , 303 ( r ) , 308 , 309 , and 310 of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

The final rule was issued pursuant to the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was issued pursuant to the notice and comment procedures [had] in 5 u.s.c .

The FDA solicits comments on the information collections contained in the final rule until December 6 , 1996 , regarding the necessity of the collection , the estimate of the burden hours and ways to minimize the burden including electronic submission of responses .
the fda solicits comments on the information collections [had] in the final rule until december 6 , 1996 , regarding the necessity of the collection , the estimate of the burden hours and ways to minimize the burden including electronic submission of responses .

The final rule was issued using the notice and comment procedures contained in 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was issued using the notice and comment procedures [had] in 5 u.s.c .

EPA avers that it fully considered all of the timely received public comments and its responses to significant comments are either contained in the preamble or included in the public docket .
epa avers that it fully considered all of the timely received public comments and its responses to significant comments are either [had] in the preamble or included in the public docket .

The following are a few of the key statistics contained in documents abstracted by FFC : 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 6 Benchmarking and Metrics Summary for 1997 , CII , Benchmarking and Metrics Committee ( Austin , Texas : The University of Texas at Austin , 1998 ) .
the following are a few of the key statistics [had] in documents abstracted by ffc : 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 6 benchmarking and metrics summary for 1997 , cii , benchmarking and metrics committee ( austin , texas : the university of texas at austin , 1998 ) .

The following discussion compares and contrasts the responses contained in the 44 questionnaires that were returned by the 9 federal agencies listed above .
the following discussion compares and contrasts the responses [had] in the 44 questionnaires that were returned by the 9 federal agencies listed above .

The final rule was issued using the notice and comment procedures contained at 5 U.S.C .
the final rule was issued using the notice and comment procedures [had] at 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is promulgated pursuant to the authority contained in sections 4 ( i ) , 5 ( b ) , 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) , 303 ( r ) , and 309 ( j ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule is promulgated pursuant to the authority [had] in sections 4 ( i ) , 5 ( b ) , 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) , 303 ( r ) , and 309 ( j ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended .

Statutory authorization for the rule The rule is issued pursuant to the authority contained in Sections 4 ( i ) and ( j ) , 303 ( r ) , 308 and 403 of the Communications Act of 1934 , 47 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the rule is issued pursuant to the authority [had] in sections 4 ( i ) and ( j ) , 303 ( r ) , 308 and 403 of the communications act of 1934 , 47 u.s.c .

The notice contained in the preamble to the interim final rule complies with the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act by explaining the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimate related to the collection .
the notice [had] in the preamble to the interim final rule complies with the requirements of the paperwork reduction act by explaining the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimate related to the collection .

Terms contained in the glossary appear in bold type in the text the first time they are used in the major sections .
terms [had] in the glossary appear in bold type in the text the first time they are used in the major sections .

The report is to include an evaluation of the extent to which the Office met the goals and objectives contained in the 5-year performance plan .
the report is to include an evaluation of the extent to which the office met the goals and objectives [had] in the 5-year performance plan .

Although this guide focuses on fundamental practices rather than detailed guidance , the examples illustrate and complement much of the specific guidance contained in similar and related GAO documents cited in appendix III .
although this guide focuses on fundamental practices rather than detailed guidance , the examples illustrate and complement much of the specific guidance [had] in similar and related gao documents cited in appendix iii .

In addition , IT funds may be contained within the appropriations for a specific program or an overall administrative budget , making them less visible and , if part of discretionary spending , more subject to volatile changes in the federal budget .
in addition , it funds may be [had] within the appropriations for a specific program or an overall administrative budget , making them less visible and , if part of discretionary spending , more subject to volatile changes in the federal budget .

With respect to the Federalism Order , they state that HUD has determined that the policies contained in the rule will not have substantial direct effects on States or their political subdivisions , or the relationship between the Federal government and the States , or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of government .
with respect to the federalism order , they state that hud has determined that the policies [had] in the rule will not have substantial direct effects on states or their political subdivisions , or the relationship between the federal government and the states , or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of government .

For example , an LSC grantee could represent a welfare claimant who argued that an agency made an erroneous factual determination or that an agency misread or misapplied a term contained in an existing welfare statute .
for example , an lsc grantee could represent a welfare claimant who argued that an agency made an erroneous factual determination or that an agency misread or misapplied a term [had] in an existing welfare statute .

Our goals and related efforts as contained in state plans are based on a deeper understanding of client demographics published in the new census material .
our goals and related efforts as [had] in state plans are based on a deeper understanding of client demographics published in the new census material .

Perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is contained in a passage written by Chief Justice Shaw of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts that we have often quoted : `` [ I ] f [ a statute 's provisions ] are so mutually connected with and dependent on each other , as conditions , considerations or compensations for each other , as to warrant a belief that the legislature intended them as a whole , and that , if all could not be carried into effect , the legislature would not pass the residue independently , and some parts are unconstitutional , all the provisions which as thus dependent , conditional or connected , must fall with them . ''
perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is [had] in a passage written by chief justice shaw of the supreme judicial court of massachusetts that we have often quoted : `` [ i ] f [ a statute 's provisions ] are so mutually connected with and dependent on each other , as conditions , considerations or compensations for each other , as to warrant a belief that the legislature intended them as a whole , and that , if all could not be carried into effect , the legislature would not pass the residue independently , and some parts are unconstitutional , all the provisions which as thus dependent , conditional or connected , must fall with them . ''

This document summarizes LSC management 's internal practices with respect to accessing information contained in records maintained by LSC recipients .
this document summarizes lsc management 's internal practices with respect to accessing information [had] in records maintained by lsc recipients .

Congressman Berman explained on the House floor : Part and parcel of that agreement was an understanding that the H-2 workers would be entitled if they otherwise qualified , and only if they otherwise qualified , to legal services representation , because without that , the protections contained for those workers , the housing protections , the domestic , the transportation protections , the piecework rate and adverse impact wage rates protections become utterly meaningless .
congressman berman explained on the house floor : part and parcel of that agreement was an understanding that the h-2 workers would be entitled if they otherwise qualified , and only if they otherwise qualified , to legal services representation , because without that , the protections [had] for those workers , the housing protections , the domestic , the transportation protections , the piecework rate and adverse impact wage rates protections become utterly meaningless .

Recommendations contained in the 1991 plan also resulted in the institution of tri-annual peer reviews for all Florida Bar Foundation ( Foundation ) funded programs , including the state 's twelve LSC organizations .
recommendations [had] in the 1991 plan also resulted in the institution of tri-annual peer reviews for all florida bar foundation ( foundation ) funded programs , including the state 's twelve lsc organizations .

They are also suitable for determining the toxicity of specific compounds contained in discharges .
they are also suitable for determining the toxicity of specific compounds [had] in discharges .

The statistical methods contained in this manual have been chosen because they are ( 1 ) applicable to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended , ( 2 ) powerful statistical tests , ( 3 ) hopefully `` easily '' understood by nonstatisticians , and ( 4 ) amenable to use without a computer , if necessary .
the statistical methods [had] in this manual have been chosen because they are ( 1 ) applicable to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended , ( 2 ) powerful statistical tests , ( 3 ) hopefully `` easily '' understood by nonstatisticians , and ( 4 ) amenable to use without a computer , if necessary .

The statistical methods contained in this manual have been chosen because they are ( 1 ) applicable to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended , ( 2 ) powerful statistical tests , ( 3 ) hopefully `` easily '' understood by nonstatisticians , and ( 4 ) amenable to use without a computer , if necessary .
the statistical methods [had] in this manual have been chosen because they are ( 1 ) applicable to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended , ( 2 ) powerful statistical tests , ( 3 ) hopefully `` easily '' understood by nonstatisticians , and ( 4 ) amenable to use without a computer , if necessary .

The analysis contained in the report covers the years 2002 through 2015 .
the analysis [had] in the report covers the years 2002 through 2015 .

Finally , there are interactions with the tax system when , in response to a rise in the relative cost of purchased goods , people decide to enjoy more A more complete assessment of each policy scenario can be made by reviewing the more detailed data contained in the Appendix .
finally , there are interactions with the tax system when , in response to a rise in the relative cost of purchased goods , people decide to enjoy more a more complete assessment of each policy scenario can be made by reviewing the more detailed data [had] in the appendix .

Applicable Implementation Plan Section 463 requires implementation of the requirements of the NOx SIP call beginning in 2004 including requirements contained in a proposed rulemaking by EPA concerning : the amounts of the State trading budgets ; the criteria for classifying cogeneration units as EGUs and non-EGUs ; and the treatment of States that are only partially in the NOx SIP call area .
applicable implementation plan section 463 requires implementation of the requirements of the nox sip call beginning in 2004 including requirements [had] in a proposed rulemaking by epa concerning : the amounts of the state trading budgets ; the criteria for classifying cogeneration units as egus and non-egus ; and the treatment of states that are only partially in the nox sip call area .

They are also suitable for determining the toxicity of specific compounds contained in discharges .
they are also suitable for determining the toxicity of specific compounds [had] in discharges .

For the purpose of the analyses presented here , the central features examined in the Initiative are identical to those contained in the Act .
for the purpose of the analyses presented here , the central features examined in the initiative are identical to those [had] in the act .

The Deutsche Post percentages are derived from workforce full time equivalents contained in its annual report for FY 2001 and an internal Post Italiane study on German delivery operations developed in part from meetings with Deutsche Post management .
the deutsche post percentages are derived from workforce full time equivalents [had] in its annual report for fy 2001 and an internal post italiane study on german delivery operations developed in part from meetings with deutsche post management .

Postal Service considers the terminal dues amounts contained in Table 1 commercially sensitive .
postal service considers the terminal dues amounts [had] in table 1 commercially sensitive .

Its most recent analysis is contained in the Docket R90-1 Opinion and Recommended Decision .
its most recent analysis is [had] in the docket r90-1 opinion and recommended decision .

By the way , the original 1970 law contained no time limit on rate cases .
by the way , the original 1970 law [had] no time limit on rate cases .

The Commission 's procedural rules governing proposed changes in the mail classification schedule are contained in Subpart C of title 39 of the Code of Federal Regulations , 39 C.F.R .
the commission 's procedural rules governing proposed changes in the mail classification schedule are [had] in subpart c of title 39 of the code of federal regulations , 39 c.f.r .

The rules , contained in 39 C.F.R .
the rules , [had] in 39 c.f.r .

Finally , the fourth set of rules , contained in sections 181 and 182 of the rules of practice , 10 applies to Postal Service requests for new services that it believes can not recover all their associated costs in the first full fiscal year of their operation .
finally , the fourth set of rules , [had] in sections 181 and 182 of the rules of practice , 10 applies to postal service requests for new services that it believes can not recover all their associated costs in the first full fiscal year of their operation .

Each tower contained three central stairwells , which ran essentially from top to bottom , and 99 elevators .
each tower [had] three central stairwells , which ran essentially from top to bottom , and 99 elevators .

On the upper and lower boundaries of these deviations were transfer hallways contained within the stairwell proper .
on the upper and lower boundaries of these deviations were transfer hallways [had] within the stairwell proper .

Each hallway contained smoke doors to prevent smoke from rising from lower to upper portions of the building ; they were kept closed but not locked .
each hallway [had] smoke doors to prevent smoke from rising from lower to upper portions of the building ; they were kept closed but not locked .

Each battalion contained typically between three and four engine companies and two to four ladder companies .
each battalion [had] typically between three and four engine companies and two to four ladder companies .

The FDNY 's Specialized Operations Command ( SOC ) contained a limited number of units that were of particular importance in responding to a terrorist attack or other major incident .
the fdny 's specialized operations command ( soc ) [had] a limited number of units that were of particular importance in responding to a terrorist attack or other major incident .

Stairwell B was also reported to have contained only a handful of descending civilians at an earlier point in the morning .
stairwell b was also reported to have [had] only a handful of descending civilians at an earlier point in the morning .

He returned their passports , which had been altered and now contained forged tourism stamps for Singapore , Malaysia , Turkey , and Egypt .
he returned their passports , which had been altered and now [had] forged tourism stamps for singapore , malaysia , turkey , and egypt .

In addition , Nawaf al Hazmi attempted to send Hawsawi the debit card for Mihdhar 's bank account , which still contained approximately $ 10,000 .
in addition , nawaf al hazmi attempted to send hawsawi the debit card for mihdhar 's bank account , which still [had] approximately $ 10,000 .

The FBI conducted an extensive investigation of the two individuals who were stopped after being observed taking photographs of two adjacent buildings that contained FBI offices .
the fbi conducted an extensive investigation of the two individuals who were stopped after being observed taking photographs of two adjacent buildings that [had] fbi offices .

There is reason to believe that the passports of three other hijackers ( Nawaf al Hazmi , Ahmed al Nami , and Ahmad al Haznawi ) issued in the same Saudi passport office may have contained this same indicator ; however , their passports have not been found , so we can not be sure .
there is reason to believe that the passports of three other hijackers ( nawaf al hazmi , ahmed al nami , and ahmad al haznawi ) issued in the same saudi passport office may have [had] this same indicator ; however , their passports have not been found , so we can not be sure .

Both Moss and Baker told us they concluded that killing Bin Ladin did not violate the assassination ban contained in Executive Order 12333 .
both moss and baker told us they concluded that killing bin ladin did not violate the assassination ban [had] in executive order 12333 .

The large volume of data contained little pertaining to the presence and activities of terrorists in the United States .
the large volume of data [had] little pertaining to the presence and activities of terrorists in the united states .

As of 9/11 , the FAA 's `` no-fly '' list contained the names of just 12 terrorist suspects ( including 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ) , even though government watchlists contained the names of many thousands of known and suspected terrorists .
as of 9/11 , the faa 's `` no-fly '' list [had] the names of just 12 terrorist suspects ( including 9/11 mastermind khalid sheikh mohammed ) , even though government watchlists [had] the names of many thousands of known and suspected terrorists .

Although such a reporting relationship had been prescribed in the May 1998 presidential directive ( after expressions of concern by Attorney General Reno , among others ) , that directive contained an exception that permitted the CSG to report directly to the principals if Berger so elected .
although such a reporting relationship had been prescribed in the may 1998 presidential directive ( after expressions of concern by attorney general reno , among others ) , that directive [had] an exception that permitted the csg to report directly to the principals if berger so elected .

On June 30 , the SEIB contained an article titled `` Bin Ladin Threats Are Real . ''
on june 30 , the seib [had] an article titled `` bin ladin threats are real . ''

Despite their large number , the threats received contained few specifics regarding time , place , method , or target .
despite their large number , the threats received [had] few specifics regarding time , place , method , or target .

He was not given access to the CIA 's internal operational reports , which contained more detail .
he was not given access to the cia 's internal operational reports , which [had] more detail .

These reports , however , contained caveats that their contents could not be shared with criminal investigators without the permission of the Justice Department 's Office of Intelligence Policy and Review ( OIPR ) .
these reports , however , [had] caveats that their contents could not be shared with criminal investigators without the permission of the justice department 's office of intelligence policy and review ( oipr ) .

In fact , she felt he had to destroy his copy of the lead because it contained NSA information from reports that included caveats ordering that the information not be shared without OIPR 's permission .
in fact , she felt he had to destroy his copy of the lead because it [had] nsa information from reports that included caveats ordering that the information not be shared without oipr 's permission .

It does not appear that any government other than the Taliban financially supported al Qaeda before 9/11 , although some governments may have contained al Qaeda sympathizers who turned a blind eye to al Qaeda 's fundraising activities .
it does not appear that any government other than the taliban financially supported al qaeda before 9/11 , although some governments may have [had] al qaeda sympathizers who turned a blind eye to al qaeda 's fundraising activities .

The diskettes seized from Bahaji 's residence also contained bomb-making instructions .
the diskettes seized from bahaji 's residence also [had] bomb-making instructions .

The conversation also contained a reference to the `` burning of people . ''
the conversation also [had] a reference to the `` burning of people . ''

His Saudi passport-which contained a visa for travel to the United States-was photocopied and forwarded to CIA headquarters .
his saudi passport-which [had] a visa for travel to the united states-was photocopied and forwarded to cia headquarters .

Times assigned to audio transmissions were derived by the Commission from files provided by the FAA and the Northeast Air Defense Sector ( NEADS ) based on audio time stamps contained within the files provided by the sender .
times assigned to audio transmissions were derived by the commission from files provided by the faa and the northeast air defense sector ( neads ) based on audio time stamps [had] within the files provided by the sender .

Of the cells composing stage 4 clusters , 45 % were β-tubulin III + , none of which contained insulin ( Figure 5A–5C ) .
of the cells composing stage 4 clusters , 45 % were β-tubulin iii + , none of which [had] insulin ( figure 5a–5c ) .

By ELISA , we did not detect C-peptide in stage 3 or stage 4 culture media , which contained supplementary bovine insulin .
by elisa , we did not detect c-peptide in stage 3 or stage 4 culture media , which [had] supplementary bovine insulin .

Indeed , a significantly higher fraction ( 17.4 % ) of samples from croup patients than non-croup patients ( 4.2 % ) contained HCoV-NL63 RNA .
indeed , a significantly higher fraction ( 17.4 % ) of samples from croup patients than non-croup patients ( 4.2 % ) [had] hcov-nl63 rna .

Their conclusion , after studying professional codes from 23 other organizations : none contained guidelines for conducting biohistorical research and analysis [ 7 ] .
their conclusion , after studying professional codes from 23 other organizations : none [had] guidelines for conducting biohistorical research and analysis [ 7 ] .

Fisheries biologists point out that the nuances of management contained in fisheries data—such as altered fisher behavior , the variable “ catchability ” of individual species , and altered gear use—were discounted in the Myers and Worm ( 2003 ) assessment and led to misinterpretations for some species , notably tropical tunas ( Figure 2 ) .
fisheries biologists point out that the nuances of management [had] in fisheries data—such as altered fisher behavior , the variable “ catchability ” of individual species , and altered gear use—were discounted in the myers and worm ( 2003 ) assessment and led to misinterpretations for some species , notably tropical tunas ( figure 2 ) .

Managers there can choose to let a fire burn under hopefully contained conditions , a policy known in the United States as “ wildland fire use. ” They can set experimental crown fires to study their effects , as was done recently in '' journal '' Canada ( Figure 1 ) .
managers there can choose to let a fire burn under hopefully [had] conditions , a policy known in the united states as “ wildland fire use. ” they can set experimental crown fires to study their effects , as was done recently in '' journal '' canada ( figure 1 ) .

The basic structure of all diatoms is similar : a single cell , often with a large vacuole , contained within a silica shell or frustule made of two overlapping halves or valves joined by girdle bands , which are also made of silica .
the basic structure of all diatoms is similar : a single cell , often with a large vacuole , [had] within a silica shell or frustule made of two overlapping halves or valves joined by girdle bands , which are also made of silica .

The peptides selected for trials mostly contained substitutions of anchoring amino acids that were designed to increase peptide binding to the MHC molecule while minimally changing the shape of the epitope [ 7,8 ] .
the peptides selected for trials mostly [had] substitutions of anchoring amino acids that were designed to increase peptide binding to the mhc molecule while minimally changing the shape of the epitope [ 7,8 ] .

For example , in 2002 , the participants in the Knowledge Discovery and Data-Mining Challenge Cup ( www.cs.cornell.edu/projects/kddcup/ ) had to select documents from a given corpus that contained relevant experimental results about Drosophila [ 20 ] .
for example , in 2002 , the participants in the knowledge discovery and data-mining challenge cup ( www.cs.cornell.edu/projects/kddcup/ ) had to select documents from a given corpus that [had] relevant experimental results about drosophila [ 20 ] .

Each complex encoded different proteins , but contained identical gene regulatory regions ( promoters ) .
each complex encoded different proteins , but [had] identical gene regulatory regions ( promoters ) .

Muscle from the elite runners contained a larger proportion of ST fibers than either the good runners or the untrained men ( 79.0 % ± 3.5 % versus 61.8 % ± 2.9 % versus 57.7 % ± 2.5 % respectively ; p < 0.05 ) .
muscle from the elite runners [had] a larger proportion of st fibers than either the good runners or the untrained men ( 79.0 % ± 3.5 % versus 61.8 % ± 2.9 % versus 57.7 % ± 2.5 % respectively ; p < 0.05 ) .

Wells contained 100 μl of CTL IMDM , with 10 % FBS , 2 % human AB sera , and penicillin , streptomycin , and L-glutamine , supplemented with 100 units/ml IL-2 .
wells [had] 100 μl of ctl imdm , with 10 % fbs , 2 % human ab sera , and penicillin , streptomycin , and l-glutamine , supplemented with 100 units/ml il-2 .

About 6 % of the postings contained information that some of our medical reviewers considered at least partly mistaken , misinterpreted , outdated , or incomplete .
about 6 % of the postings [had] information that some of our medical reviewers considered at least partly mistaken , misinterpreted , outdated , or incomplete .

A target matrix T had , as the numerical entry in row g and column c , the relative abundance of the mRNA transcript of gene g in cell line c. The drug activity matrix A summarized the pharmacology of 1,400 drugs acting on each of the same 60 human cancer cell lines , including 118 drugs with “ known mechanism of action. ” The number in row d and column c of the drug activity matrix A was the activity of drug d in suppressing the growth of cell line c , or , equivalently , the sensitivity of cell line c to drug d. The target matrix T for gene expression contained 82,500 numbers , while the drug activity matrix A had 84,000 numbers .
a target matrix t had , as the numerical entry in row g and column c , the relative abundance of the mrna transcript of gene g in cell line c. the drug activity matrix a summarized the pharmacology of 1,400 drugs acting on each of the same 60 human cancer cell lines , including 118 drugs with “ known mechanism of action. ” the number in row d and column c of the drug activity matrix a was the activity of drug d in suppressing the growth of cell line c , or , equivalently , the sensitivity of cell line c to drug d. the target matrix t for gene expression [had] 82,500 numbers , while the drug activity matrix a had 84,000 numbers .

Finally , the circular arrangement of hues also implies that it is possible to mix two ends of the perceptible spectrum to produce a sensation that is not contained in the spectrum : for humans , mixing violet with red light will produce purple , a sensation that has no equivalent in the visual spectrum ; a similar unique percept can be produced by facing bees with a mixture of UV and green light [ 5,17 ] .
finally , the circular arrangement of hues also implies that it is possible to mix two ends of the perceptible spectrum to produce a sensation that is not [had] in the spectrum : for humans , mixing violet with red light will produce purple , a sensation that has no equivalent in the visual spectrum ; a similar unique percept can be produced by facing bees with a mixture of uv and green light [ 5,17 ] .

As stated above , this latter specimen contained scant tumor cells , most likely fewer than needed for detection of an EGFR mutation by direct sequencing ( see [ 7 ] ) .
as stated above , this latter specimen [had] scant tumor cells , most likely fewer than needed for detection of an egfr mutation by direct sequencing ( see [ 7 ] ) .

Both of the available tumor samples from patient 3 contained a deletion of 15 nucleotides ( 2236–2250 ) in exon 19 ( Table 1 ; data not shown ) , resulting in elimination of five amino acids ( del E746–A750 ) .
both of the available tumor samples from patient 3 [had] a deletion of 15 nucleotides ( 2236–2250 ) in exon 19 ( table 1 ; data not shown ) , resulting in elimination of five amino acids ( del e746–a750 ) .

Analysis of patient 1 's pre-gefitinib specimen , which contained scant tumor cells ( Table 1 ; see above ) , not surprisingly showed only wild-type EGFR sequence ( Table 1 ; data not shown ) .
analysis of patient 1 's pre-gefitinib specimen , which [had] scant tumor cells ( table 1 ; see above ) , not surprisingly showed only wild-type egfr sequence ( table 1 ; data not shown ) .

By contrast , her progressing bone and lung lesions contained an additional small peak at nucleotide 2369 , suggesting the existence of a subclone of tumor cells with the same C→T mutation observed in patient 1 ( Figure 2B , middle and lower panels ; Table 1 ) .
by contrast , her progressing bone and lung lesions [had] an additional small peak at nucleotide 2369 , suggesting the existence of a subclone of tumor cells with the same c→t mutation observed in patient 1 ( figure 2b , middle and lower panels ; table 1 ) .

None of the specimens contained any changes in KRAS ( Table 1 ; data not shown ) , indicating that KRAS mutations were not responsible for drug resistance and tumor progression in these six patients .
none of the specimens [had] any changes in kras ( table 1 ; data not shown ) , indicating that kras mutations were not responsible for drug resistance and tumor progression in these six patients .

As reported , H3255 contained an L858R mutation [ 19 ] and H1650 contained an exon 19 deletion [ 18 ] .
as reported , h3255 [had] an l858r mutation [ 19 ] and h1650 [had] an exon 19 deletion [ 18 ] .

No other cell lines analyzed contained additional mutations in the exons encoding the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain .
no other cell lines analyzed [had] additional mutations in the exons encoding the egfr tyrosine kinase domain .

Grigory Kopelevich , the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Russian representative , recalls a story of a grantee whose microscope was stopped at customs because the box contained two screwdrivers not specified in the order .
grigory kopelevich , the howard hughes medical institute 's russian representative , recalls a story of a grantee whose microscope was stopped at customs because the box [had] two screwdrivers not specified in the order .

This report contained Franklin 's results that the phosphates were on the outside and that the A-form of DNA had a special crystalline arrangement called the monoclinic C2 space group .
this report [had] franklin 's results that the phosphates were on the outside and that the a-form of dna had a special crystalline arrangement called the monoclinic c2 space group .

For instance , we identified patients as having hyperlipidemia if their encounter forms contained an International Classification of Disease code within 272.0–272.4 .
for instance , we identified patients as having hyperlipidemia if their encounter forms [had] an international classification of disease code within 272.0–272.4 .

Marshall and Acheson did n't believe that communism could be contained , or the peace kept , by a policy of `` free-trading . ''
marshall and acheson did n't believe that communism could be [had] , or the peace kept , by a policy of `` free-trading . ''

Yesterday 's NYT contained this `` Editors ' Note '' : `` The Our Towns column on Dec. 5 described neighbors ' resistance in Greenwich , Conn. , to a homeowner 's plan to add a new wing , an ice rink and a golf course to a $ 14.8 million house on a 14-acre lot .
yesterday 's nyt [had] this `` editors ' note '' : `` the our towns column on dec. 5 described neighbors ' resistance in greenwich , conn. , to a homeowner 's plan to add a new wing , an ice rink and a golf course to a $ 14.8 million house on a 14-acre lot .

Ha'aretz attributed this report to `` sources close to the Palestinian leader , '' while Yediot Aharanot gave it as the opinion of U.S. Special Middle East Coordinator Dennis Ross , as contained in a `` secret report '' from the Israeli Embassy in Washington to the foreign ministry in Jerusalem .
ha'aretz attributed this report to `` sources close to the palestinian leader , '' while yediot aharanot gave it as the opinion of u.s. special middle east coordinator dennis ross , as [had] in a `` secret report '' from the israeli embassy in washington to the foreign ministry in jerusalem .

It 's no mystery why this vehicle appealed to Costner , who also co-produced the picture : The woman does all the emoting , while the man -- passive , overly contained -- reaps the rewards .
it 's no mystery why this vehicle appealed to costner , who also co-produced the picture : the woman does all the emoting , while the man -- passive , overly [had] -- reaps the rewards .

Dole , who at the rally had projected a steely excitement , the contained enthusiasm of a veteran politician in firm grip of his emotions but willing to share with his supporters what bits of them he must , sank back into himself , simmering in a glumness he wished he could contain but knew he could not .
dole , who at the rally had projected a steely excitement , the [had] enthusiasm of a veteran politician in firm grip of his emotions but willing to share with his supporters what bits of them he must , sank back into himself , simmering in a glumness he wished he could contain but knew he could not .

Like several previous leaks ( some of them subsequently cast into doubt ) , the Currie story contained what looked a lot like a message from Starr to his reluctant witness : I have other evidence against you and Clinton , so you 'd better cut a deal quick .
like several previous leaks ( some of them subsequently cast into doubt ) , the currie story [had] what looked a lot like a message from starr to his reluctant witness : i have other evidence against you and clinton , so you 'd better cut a deal quick .

Another was filed against General Motors in 1977 for falsely claiming that some of its cars contained rocket engines .
another was filed against general motors in 1977 for falsely claiming that some of its cars [had] rocket engines .

It was 14 pages long and contained 104 questions about my experience at the school , from which I graduated in 1997 .
it was 14 pages long and [had] 104 questions about my experience at the school , from which i graduated in 1997 .

The interview , which Libération claims is Savimbi 's first in two years , contained no reference to land mines .
the interview , which libération claims is savimbi 's first in two years , [had] no reference to land mines .

All this information was contained in `` the Mitrokhin archive '' -- a vast haul of documents smuggled out of Russia by Vasili Mitrokhin , 77 , a former KGB archivist who defected to Britain in 1992 .
all this information was [had] in `` the mitrokhin archive '' -- a vast haul of documents smuggled out of russia by vasili mitrokhin , 77 , a former kgb archivist who defected to britain in 1992 .

The daily Tribune de Genève called his victory `` unpleasant , '' but said in an editorial that he might be `` contained '' by a coalition government .
the daily tribune de genève called his victory `` unpleasant , '' but said in an editorial that he might be `` [had] '' by a coalition government .

It can enter the homes of people who might otherwise never have sought it out ( or bought the CD-ROM that contained it ) .
it can enter the homes of people who might otherwise never have sought it out ( or bought the cd-rom that [had] it ) .

When Chatterbox actually got to the Metabolife Web site , he was confronted with an unbelievably complex `` user agreement '' requiring Chatterbox to promise in advance to eschew any `` reproduction , broadcast , retransmissions , or nontransient storage '' of the matter contained therein .
when chatterbox actually got to the metabolife web site , he was confronted with an unbelievably complex `` user agreement '' requiring chatterbox to promise in advance to eschew any `` reproduction , broadcast , retransmissions , or nontransient storage '' of the matter [had] therein .

This problem remained contained , he says , until the '60s , when `` the New Deal idea of 'benefits ' as emergency help , to be applied for reluctantly and granted responsibly , became the Great Society concept of 'entitlements . '
this problem remained [had] , he says , until the '60s , when `` the new deal idea of 'benefits ' as emergency help , to be applied for reluctantly and granted responsibly , became the great society concept of 'entitlements . '

These efforts are not advanced by unsupported suggestions of hypocrisy , such as are contained in Weisberg 's column .
these efforts are not advanced by unsupported suggestions of hypocrisy , such as are [had] in weisberg 's column .

The greatest foolishness contained in the article is the assumption that the natural riches that organizations like the Sierra Club try to preserve can be equated with money .
the greatest foolishness [had] in the article is the assumption that the natural riches that organizations like the sierra club try to preserve can be equated with money .

As I mentioned in my original article , it 's true that one of the key cases -- Pacifica -- contained language that limited it to the broadcasting medium .
as i mentioned in my original article , it 's true that one of the key cases -- pacifica -- [had] language that limited it to the broadcasting medium .

An article in the Washington Post last year about charitable giving contained the sentence `` What goes on in this room is strictly between you , your God , and the Internal Revenue Service . ''
an article in the washington post last year about charitable giving [had] the sentence `` what goes on in this room is strictly between you , your god , and the internal revenue service . ''

Echoing Dershowitz , an August article in the Los Angeles Times , appearing days after the Clinton speech , contained the words `` between him , his toad , and their God . ''
echoing dershowitz , an august article in the los angeles times , appearing days after the clinton speech , [had] the words `` between him , his toad , and their god . ''

Lord Justice Peter Gibson ruled that these words could never convey that defamatory meaning : `` I could have wished Miss Norman had told the hoary old joke contained in the subject of this libel action as it would have shown that , in addition to possessing the remarkable vocal and dramatic talents which have made her world-famous as a distinguished opera singer , she had an engaging sense of humour .
lord justice peter gibson ruled that these words could never convey that defamatory meaning : `` i could have wished miss norman had told the hoary old joke [had] in the subject of this libel action as it would have shown that , in addition to possessing the remarkable vocal and dramatic talents which have made her world-famous as a distinguished opera singer , she had an engaging sense of humour .

This was a comment on the fact that Tony Blair 's 21 member Cabinet until lately contained four known homosexuals .
this was a comment on the fact that tony blair 's 21 member cabinet until lately [had] four known homosexuals .

Clinton got a fruit basket that contained an orange that was , in Zercher 's words , `` shrivelled and deformed -- it looked like a woman 's sexual organ . ''
clinton got a fruit basket that [had] an orange that was , in zercher 's words , `` shrivelled and deformed -- it looked like a woman 's sexual organ . ''

Explicitly disobeying Chatterbox 's instructions , many entries contained the despised `` -gate '' suffix , including the three most popular entries -- '' Fornigate '' ( 23 submissions ) , `` Tailgate '' ( 13 ) , and `` Zippergate '' ( 12 ) .
explicitly disobeying chatterbox 's instructions , many entries [had] the despised `` -gate '' suffix , including the three most popular entries -- '' fornigate '' ( 23 submissions ) , `` tailgate '' ( 13 ) , and `` zippergate '' ( 12 ) .

Perhaps the book contained some deeper , more personal meaning to the president or Ms. Lewinsky .
perhaps the book [had] some deeper , more personal meaning to the president or ms. lewinsky .

The piece contained the essential anti-Johnson charge -- that `` he wields his considerable clout mainly to protect and defend Fannie Mae 's congressionally mandated business advantages . ''
the piece [had] the essential anti-johnson charge -- that `` he wields his considerable clout mainly to protect and defend fannie mae 's congressionally mandated business advantages . ''

Of Glass ' 41 TNR stories , 27 contained fabrications , including several that were entirely fabricated .
of glass ' 41 tnr stories , 27 [had] fabrications , including several that were entirely fabricated .

If war does erupt , it may not be contained as it was in Bosnia .
if war does erupt , it may not be [had] as it was in bosnia .

It seemed she had never before seen a letter to a seller that contained complete sentences .
it seemed she had never before seen a letter to a seller that [had] complete sentences .

Still , my dismay is contained by the fact that 70 percent of nothing is nothing , and in the end it seems clear that that 's all Planet Hollywood is worth .
still , my dismay is [had] by the fact that 70 percent of nothing is nothing , and in the end it seems clear that that 's all planet hollywood is worth .

I find when I 'm starting out on a new story -- as has been the case the last couple of days -- I have a hard time even reading the newspapers , much less absorbing the information contained within .
i find when i 'm starting out on a new story -- as has been the case the last couple of days -- i have a hard time even reading the newspapers , much less absorbing the information [had] within .

An indignant Barbara Chase-Riboud filed a $ 10 million copyright-infringement suit against Steven Spielberg and the makers of Amistad in October , claiming that the movie contained characters and scenes unique to her historical novel about the slave rebellion .
an indignant barbara chase-riboud filed a $ 10 million copyright-infringement suit against steven spielberg and the makers of amistad in october , claiming that the movie [had] characters and scenes unique to her historical novel about the slave rebellion .

The congratulations contained more than a hint of sarcasm .
the congratulations [had] more than a hint of sarcasm .

The Wall Street Journal , which flags the story in its front-page news box , passes along another RJR defense : that one document that seemed to be suggesting pitching product to 13-year-olds contained a typographical error and was really about 18-year-olds .
the wall street journal , which flags the story in its front-page news box , passes along another rjr defense : that one document that seemed to be suggesting pitching product to 13-year-olds [had] a typographical error and was really about 18-year-olds .

If its online archives contained plagiarized material ?
if its online archives [had] plagiarized material ?

The LAT says the crowd appeared to number `` well over half a million people '' and that it `` contained large numbers of blacks and other minorities , as well as wives and other women . ''
the lat says the crowd appeared to number `` well over half a million people '' and that it `` [had] large numbers of blacks and other minorities , as well as wives and other women . ''

Magazine , another of those millennial issues , contained an annotated photo cum pensee cum fashion spread wherein actor William H. Macy `` revisit [ s ] major milestones from midcentury America . ''
magazine , another of those millennial issues , [had] an annotated photo cum pensee cum fashion spread wherein actor william h. macy `` revisit [ s ] major milestones from midcentury america . ''

The prose it contained -- the gray stuff around the cartoons -- was balm for the soul : unfailingly clear , precise , logical , and quietly stylish .
the prose it [had] -- the gray stuff around the cartoons -- was balm for the soul : unfailingly clear , precise , logical , and quietly stylish .

If indeed -- following common wisdom -- he really did disparage `` the sexual capacity of women , '' the volume on the sexual response of the human female nonetheless contained all sorts of things he was not looking for .
if indeed -- following common wisdom -- he really did disparage `` the sexual capacity of women , '' the volume on the sexual response of the human female nonetheless [had] all sorts of things he was not looking for .

Based on the fragment , Fink speculates that the original flute contained at least six holes and was close to 16 inches long .
based on the fragment , fink speculates that the original flute [had] at least six holes and was close to 16 inches long .

She did n't know it contained the dangerous but not yet outlawed substance ephedrine .
she did n't know it [had] the dangerous but not yet outlawed substance ephedrine .

Monday 's NYT contained William Safire 's twenty-fifth anniversary column , which confirms just how little WS learned from Watergate .
monday 's nyt [had] william safire 's twenty-fifth anniversary column , which confirms just how little ws learned from watergate .

It contained a whole chapter devoted to increasing returns , based largely on a paper Norman himself had written three years before .
it [had] a whole chapter devoted to increasing returns , based largely on a paper norman himself had written three years before .

They contained whatever was the biggest , the smallest , the rarest , the most exquisite , the most bizarre , the most grotesque .
they [had] whatever was the biggest , the smallest , the rarest , the most exquisite , the most bizarre , the most grotesque .

Bush seemed to recognize this kind of contained riot as a familiar situation -- a frat party gone slightly out of control .
bush seemed to recognize this kind of [had] riot as a familiar situation -- a frat party gone slightly out of control .

A typical issue contained an article on three suicide victims with multiple gunshot wounds to the head ( complete with photos from the death scenes ; one poor guy shot himself five times before he finally died ) , another on improved methods to determine the age of an unidentified victim , and yet a third on the homicide rituals of the Italian Mafia .
a typical issue [had] an article on three suicide victims with multiple gunshot wounds to the head ( complete with photos from the death scenes ; one poor guy shot himself five times before he finally died ) , another on improved methods to determine the age of an unidentified victim , and yet a third on the homicide rituals of the italian mafia .

In a 1985 election at its plants , the last paycheck employees received before the vote contained a note from the company telling them that the union was planning to take their money .
in a 1985 election at its plants , the last paycheck employees received before the vote [had] a note from the company telling them that the union was planning to take their money .

The researchers checked to see whether peaks in such events occurred not just according to the phase of the moon but also according to one 's zodiac sign or numerological readings ( as `` calculated according to the formulas contained in Zolar 's Encyclopedia of Ancient and Forbidden Knowledge `` ) .
the researchers checked to see whether peaks in such events occurred not just according to the phase of the moon but also according to one 's zodiac sign or numerological readings ( as `` calculated according to the formulas [had] in zolar 's encyclopedia of ancient and forbidden knowledge `` ) .

A sidebar notes that controversy remains over the Mars meteorite that crashed into Antarctica about 11,000 years ago : While scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on Earth is only produced by biological processes .
a sidebar notes that controversy remains over the mars meteorite that crashed into antarctica about 11,000 years ago : while scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite [had] living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on earth is only produced by biological processes .

A draft summary of the Health Security Act , released in September of 1993 , contained a chart showing projected growth for Medicare slowing to less than 6 percent by 1997 , and less than 5 percent by 1999 .
a draft summary of the health security act , released in september of 1993 , [had] a chart showing projected growth for medicare slowing to less than 6 percent by 1997 , and less than 5 percent by 1999 .

The piece contained no new revelations at all -- unless we counted the news that , according to the Northern Irish secretary of state , Hillary is responsible for the region 's recent economic boom .
the piece [had] no new revelations at all -- unless we counted the news that , according to the northern irish secretary of state , hillary is responsible for the region 's recent economic boom .

Noting that the Chinese government has reserved the right to take `` further action , '' the generals said `` they would do their best if that 'action ' contained a military component . ''
noting that the chinese government has reserved the right to take `` further action , '' the generals said `` they would do their best if that 'action ' [had] a military component . ''

The London Evening Standard relays an embarrassing postscript to Straw 's announcement : He had to withdraw a thick chunk of the already published report Thursday because it contained the names and addresses of witnesses and informants who assisted investigators .
the london evening standard relays an embarrassing postscript to straw 's announcement : he had to withdraw a thick chunk of the already published report thursday because it [had] the names and addresses of witnesses and informants who assisted investigators .

In recent years , children 's entertainment has contained an increasing number of apparently intentional or even obviously intentional gay references .
in recent years , children 's entertainment has [had] an increasing number of apparently intentional or even obviously intentional gay references .

French papers Friday contained reports from Kosovo by a group of French journalists who spent time with combatants of the Kosovo Liberation Army .
french papers friday [had] reports from kosovo by a group of french journalists who spent time with combatants of the kosovo liberation army .

The report , like most others that have promoted the ground war option , contained the now familiar dampener that NATO still expects Milosevic to fall before a land invasion becomes necessary .
the report , like most others that have promoted the ground war option , [had] the now familiar dampener that nato still expects milosevic to fall before a land invasion becomes necessary .

The `` deception '' that Lamberth complained about was contained in one sentence of a 13-page affidavit filed by Magaziner in response to the suit .
the `` deception '' that lamberth complained about was [had] in one sentence of a 13-page affidavit filed by magaziner in response to the suit .

The majority in the American and Russian stockpiles date back to the 1950s and are contained in rusty shells , no longer useable in battle .
the majority in the american and russian stockpiles date back to the 1950s and are [had] in rusty shells , no longer useable in battle .

Here the immune system reacts to proteins contained in pollen , tiny airborne particles released as part of the reproductive cycle of trees , weeds , and grasses .
here the immune system reacts to proteins [had] in pollen , tiny airborne particles released as part of the reproductive cycle of trees , weeds , and grasses .

She says they contained too many factual errors and inconsistencies for her to take them seriously .
she says they [had] too many factual errors and inconsistencies for her to take them seriously .

The story ( reported and broadcast by CNN , with a version published in Time ) contained two hot allegations : that the United States used fatal nerve gas ( sarin ) on a village in Laos during the Vietnam War and that the purpose was to kill a large number of American defectors .
the story ( reported and broadcast by cnn , with a version published in time ) [had] two hot allegations : that the united states used fatal nerve gas ( sarin ) on a village in laos during the vietnam war and that the purpose was to kill a large number of american defectors .

The same Wednesday Times contained its usual daily editorial calling for more flamboyant abjection from Clinton , adding that Starr `` correctly rejected '' his lawyer 's request to see the report in advance .
the same wednesday times [had] its usual daily editorial calling for more flamboyant abjection from clinton , adding that starr `` correctly rejected '' his lawyer 's request to see the report in advance .

Since the Odyssey recounts a journey in many stages , with several other trips contained in it , Homer describes many arrivals and departures , often at princely houses .
since the odyssey recounts a journey in many stages , with several other trips [had] in it , homer describes many arrivals and departures , often at princely houses .

To these researchers , it contained incontrovertible proof of conspiracy ( more shots , say ) , but just what that proof was depends on which conspiracy each believes in .
to these researchers , it [had] incontrovertible proof of conspiracy ( more shots , say ) , but just what that proof was depends on which conspiracy each believes in .

Not long ago a newspaper column ( in the New Orleans Times-Picayune ) about fishing rods contained the following sentence : `` Nothing has been overhyped more in recent years than the value of ball bearings in reel construction . ''
not long ago a newspaper column ( in the new orleans times-picayune ) about fishing rods [had] the following sentence : `` nothing has been overhyped more in recent years than the value of ball bearings in reel construction . ''

A recent article in the Columbia Journalism Review contained the following passage :
a recent article in the columbia journalism review [had] the following passage :

Long before the Information Age , man struggled to digest the mounds of words contained in his religious , cultural , and legal canons .
long before the information age , man struggled to digest the mounds of words [had] in his religious , cultural , and legal canons .

The Ovitz deal , however , contained none of these goodies .
the ovitz deal , however , [had] none of these goodies .

The symptoms often can be contained by medication .
the symptoms often can be [had] by medication .

As I pointed out in the chronology I provided with the article , even standard reference volumes like the Handbook of International Economics ( published in 1984 , the year Arthur supposedly met a blank wall of resistance ) have long contained chapters on increasing returns .
as i pointed out in the chronology i provided with the article , even standard reference volumes like the handbook of international economics ( published in 1984 , the year arthur supposedly met a blank wall of resistance ) have long [had] chapters on increasing returns .

Across the world , an 18 th century war shrine in the Japanese town of Nara once contained the ears of 20,000 Koreans .
across the world , an 18 th century war shrine in the japanese town of nara once [had] the ears of 20,000 koreans .

Although the bill had originally contained $ 11.5 billion for helping smokers quit , to keep others from starting , and to keep children from buying cigarettes , it now contains nothing for any of that .
although the bill had originally [had] $ 11.5 billion for helping smokers quit , to keep others from starting , and to keep children from buying cigarettes , it now contains nothing for any of that .

USA Today puts that story on its front , but leads with an unnamed U.S. intelligence official 's claim that soil from around that Sudanese plant hit last week by U.S. cruise missiles contained traces of a chemical used in the making of VX nerve gas .
usa today puts that story on its front , but leads with an unnamed u.s. intelligence official 's claim that soil from around that sudanese plant hit last week by u.s. cruise missiles [had] traces of a chemical used in the making of vx nerve gas .

A Los Angeles Times Analysis piece reports relief among Democrats that Starr 's report contained no new allegations against the President .
a los angeles times analysis piece reports relief among democrats that starr 's report [had] no new allegations against the president .

USAT notes that contrary to leaks , the tape contained no angry eruptions .
usat notes that contrary to leaks , the tape [had] no angry eruptions .

In The Independent of 8 September 1990 , the same page contained not only the Jan Morris article but a review entitled Duty and the Beast , another in which the author lambastes a historian who has left unread those things he ought to have read , so there can be little trust in him , and yet another in which Anthony Quinn writes about the gripes of Roth .
in the independent of 8 september 1990 , the same page [had] not only the jan morris article but a review entitled duty and the beast , another in which the author lambastes a historian who has left unread those things he ought to have read , so there can be little trust in him , and yet another in which anthony quinn writes about the gripes of roth .

As each year of N & Q is contained in two large octavo volumes of some 500 pages ( excluding the Index ) set in eight-point type ( with reviews of books and periodicals in six-point ) , readers will appreciate that it takes a while to read through several years ' worth of material and will be patient as the volumes are mined for their gems of informative , occasionally entertaining matter .
as each year of n & q is [had] in two large octavo volumes of some 500 pages ( excluding the index ) set in eight-point type ( with reviews of books and periodicals in six-point ) , readers will appreciate that it takes a while to read through several years ' worth of material and will be patient as the volumes are mined for their gems of informative , occasionally entertaining matter .

Looking at the price of VERBATIM , it might be worthwhile noting that the first issue consisted of six pages ; the first volume contained 28 pages ( issues alternating six and eight pages ) and a subscription cost $ 2.50 ( about ¥1.75 in 1974 ) .
looking at the price of verbatim , it might be worthwhile noting that the first issue consisted of six pages ; the first volume [had] 28 pages ( issues alternating six and eight pages ) and a subscription cost $ 2.50 ( about ¥1.75 in 1974 ) .

Coca-Cola , which is a trademark of long standing , originally contained both cocaine and an extract from the cola nut .
coca-cola , which is a trademark of long standing , originally [had] both cocaine and an extract from the cola nut .

North 's response contained the clause this version of the document was wrong , intentionally misleading .
north 's response [had] the clause this version of the document was wrong , intentionally misleading .

The way it works is this : after completing an article , chapter , or what-have-you , you press a few keys and the program automatically scans every word of text , comparing each with a “ dictionary ” contained in the program .
the way it works is this : after completing an article , chapter , or what-have-you , you press a few keys and the program automatically scans every word of text , comparing each with a “ dictionary ” [had] in the program .

A recent radio advertisement contained the number 888777 , read as eight , double-eight , seven , double-seven .
a recent radio advertisement [had] the number 888777 , read as eight , double-eight , seven , double-seven .

Readers outside North America may not be aware that American telephone dials ( now pads ) still retain alphabetical sequences from the days when local telephone numbers contained names , like PEnnsylvania Six , Five Thousand and BUtterfield 8 ( usually so written ) : everyone knew that the first two letters of the name were to be dialed -- PE 6-5000 , BU 8- .
readers outside north america may not be aware that american telephone dials ( now pads ) still retain alphabetical sequences from the days when local telephone numbers [had] names , like pennsylvania six , five thousand and butterfield 8 ( usually so written ) : everyone knew that the first two letters of the name were to be dialed -- pe 6-5000 , bu 8- .

In 1982 , Hallmark introduced a series of greeting cards that contained puns .
in 1982 , hallmark introduced a series of greeting cards that [had] puns .

The original contained the sentence , “ The Soviet Illegal , blending with the populace , is free of the unwelcome limelight cast on the personnel of the Soviet embassy by the local security forces. ” What came back was , “ The police threw a burning citrus tree at the Slavic bandit , who was disguised as a crowd ; they missed him but hit the Russian ambassador . ”
the original [had] the sentence , “ the soviet illegal , blending with the populace , is free of the unwelcome limelight cast on the personnel of the soviet embassy by the local security forces. ” what came back was , “ the police threw a burning citrus tree at the slavic bandit , who was disguised as a crowd ; they missed him but hit the russian ambassador . ”

In the Maine Sunday Telegram , 30 December 1992 , an article about hibernating bears contained this sentence : I have seen some bears double their size .
in the maine sunday telegram , 30 december 1992 , an article about hibernating bears [had] this sentence : i have seen some bears double their size .

McWhorter , George T. , Burroughs Dictionary : An alphabetical list of proper names , words , phrases and concepts contained in the published works of Edgar Rice Burroughs , University Press , Lanham , Maryland , 1987 .
mcwhorter , george t. , burroughs dictionary : an alphabetical list of proper names , words , phrases and concepts [had] in the published works of edgar rice burroughs , university press , lanham , maryland , 1987 .

Jones wrote “ The particulars of this burletta are contained in the following letter from an officer on the spot , to his friend in England dated at Philadelphia , the 20th of May 1778 . ”
jones wrote “ the particulars of this burletta are [had] in the following letter from an officer on the spot , to his friend in england dated at philadelphia , the 20th of may 1778 . ”

My own surprising encounter with color occurred when , in a report on the restoration of the Sistine Chapel , one of the experts -- an Italian , speaking in English -- said that they had used a preparation that contained whole eggs , “ including the red. ” I was , of course , appalled to think that Michelangelo 's work was in the hands of someone who sees yolks as red .
my own surprising encounter with color occurred when , in a report on the restoration of the sistine chapel , one of the experts -- an italian , speaking in english -- said that they had used a preparation that [had] whole eggs , “ including the red. ” i was , of course , appalled to think that michelangelo 's work was in the hands of someone who sees yolks as red .

The final product is contained in 11 volumes , on more than 9,000 9-by-12-inch , 2-column pages .
the final product is [had] in 11 volumes , on more than 9,000 9-by-12-inch , 2-column pages .

The text contained the film 's extended dialogue explanation of grockle ( including grockle-comforter for transistor raido and grocklebox for cheap camera ) as well as its other passing references , but added about fifteen more in the narrative , with an example between quotation marks in the back-cover blurb .
the text [had] the film 's extended dialogue explanation of grockle ( including grockle-comforter for transistor raido and grocklebox for cheap camera ) as well as its other passing references , but added about fifteen more in the narrative , with an example between quotation marks in the back-cover blurb .

The Celtic tongue , later to be overwhelmed by Anglo-Saxon , contained only a few Latin words , most of them place names and none of legal import , outlived the occupation .
the celtic tongue , later to be overwhelmed by anglo-saxon , [had] only a few latin words , most of them place names and none of legal import , outlived the occupation .

It would not be too much to say that it does not at all matter what may or may not be contained in syllothetic sentences .
it would not be too much to say that it does not at all matter what may or may not be [had] in syllothetic sentences .

As early as 1835 , Richard Lepsius , the German Egyptologist , had pointed out the curious fact that the Hebrew alphabet contained no fewer than three groups of letters which adhere to this rule : 1 ) aleph , beth , gimel , daleth ; 2 ) he , waw ... heth , teth ; 3 ) ayin , pe ... koph ... taw .
as early as 1835 , richard lepsius , the german egyptologist , had pointed out the curious fact that the hebrew alphabet [had] no fewer than three groups of letters which adhere to this rule : 1 ) aleph , beth , gimel , daleth ; 2 ) he , waw ... heth , teth ; 3 ) ayin , pe ... koph ... taw .

After the Civil War , the reorganized U.S. Army contained a few all-Negro regiments .
after the civil war , the reorganized u.s. army [had] a few all-negro regiments .

After all , it has been 15 years , since the early days of computerized typesetting , that I 've seen anything to compare with the single article about sexual dysfunction in a newspaper in Virginia that contained these two algorithm-driven hyphenations : the-rapist and mole-ster .
after all , it has been 15 years , since the early days of computerized typesetting , that i 've seen anything to compare with the single article about sexual dysfunction in a newspaper in virginia that [had] these two algorithm-driven hyphenations : the-rapist and mole-ster .

A letter I collected from the poste restante contained a dossier about a précis of a roman à clef she had written , showing she was au fait with my manoeuvres in Iran which , if published , would ruin me .
a letter i collected from the poste restante [had] a dossier about a précis of a roman à clef she had written , showing she was au fait with my manoeuvres in iran which , if published , would ruin me .

Advice on the policy of divide and rule is contained in When the cat and mouse make peace , the grocer 's store is lost .
advice on the policy of divide and rule is [had] in when the cat and mouse make peace , the grocer 's store is lost .

The first three volumes contained listed solid words , all in capital letters , alphabetized from the right , with codes for each indicating which one or more of some eighteen sources that had yielded them .
the first three volumes [had] listed solid words , all in capital letters , alphabetized from the right , with codes for each indicating which one or more of some eighteen sources that had yielded them .

The next four volumes contained the same listings as the first four , but these were alphabetized normally , from the left .
the next four volumes [had] the same listings as the first four , but these were alphabetized normally , from the left .

The way it works is this : after completing an article , chapter of a book , or whatever it is that I am working on , I press a few keys and the program automatically scans every word of text , comparing each with a “ dictionary ” contained in the program .
the way it works is this : after completing an article , chapter of a book , or whatever it is that i am working on , i press a few keys and the program automatically scans every word of text , comparing each with a “ dictionary ” [had] in the program .

Against the large number of Soviet dictionaries of only Russian proverbs , comparative and bilingual dictionaries , Russian-English ones were rarely published and they contained between 500 and a couple of thousand entries only .
against the large number of soviet dictionaries of only russian proverbs , comparative and bilingual dictionaries , russian-english ones were rarely published and they [had] between 500 and a couple of thousand entries only .

Early in this century Funk & Wagnalls published dictionaries that contained a large number of Scotticisms , either out of habit or affection for the genre or because their lexicographers felt that every student who read Burns had to be able to find in the dictionary every word he used .
early in this century funk & wagnalls published dictionaries that [had] a large number of scotticisms , either out of habit or affection for the genre or because their lexicographers felt that every student who read burns had to be able to find in the dictionary every word he used .

When one of a hundred “ sound peaks ” is altered by an electrical pop or crackle , the sound of an E does not suddenly change to that of a U ; it simply sounds like a “ noisy E. ” If , on the other hand , speech contained “ just enough ” data , but no more , then the alteration of just one peak ( or bit ) would change the sound ( or character ) entirely .
when one of a hundred “ sound peaks ” is altered by an electrical pop or crackle , the sound of an e does not suddenly change to that of a u ; it simply sounds like a “ noisy e. ” if , on the other hand , speech [had] “ just enough ” data , but no more , then the alteration of just one peak ( or bit ) would change the sound ( or character ) entirely .

During the time that I was working as a bartender ( 1977-1984 ) , the new drinks that became popular almost invariably contained references in their names to images from the following categories : 1 ) pleasant taste ; 2 ) destruction or self-destruction ; 3 ) irreverence ; 4 ) sexual innuendo .
during the time that i was working as a bartender ( 1977-1984 ) , the new drinks that became popular almost invariably [had] references in their names to images from the following categories : 1 ) pleasant taste ; 2 ) destruction or self-destruction ; 3 ) irreverence ; 4 ) sexual innuendo .

