A modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of $250,000 , and it's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new gins in the U.S. and foreign countries contain machinery made in this area .
a modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of $250,000 , and it's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new gins in the u.s. and foreign countries [have] machinery made in this area .

The hospitals contain patients trampled by elephants or run over by sports cars .
the hospitals [have] patients trampled by elephants or run over by sports cars .

Volumes One and Two , selected from the sound tracks of a television series , contain `` conversations with the elder wise men of our day '' .
volumes one and two , selected from the sound tracks of a television series , [have] `` conversations with the elder wise men of our day '' .

and the dances and songs from the Tatras contain a magnificent dance for the men .
and the dances and songs from the tatras [have] a magnificent dance for the men .

The typical U.S. daily menu , says Dr. Keys , contains 3,000 calories , should contain 2,300 .
the typical u.s. daily menu , says dr. keys , contains 3,000 calories , should [have] 2,300 .

Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind .
yet this utterly individual historical person must also [have] within himself the common history of mankind .

Pennsylvania thus blanketed would contain about a quintillion peas .
pennsylvania thus blanketed would [have] about a quintillion peas .

Some formulas contain `` constants '' .
some formulas [have] `` constants '' .

Although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site .
although the site may not [have] the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site .

-- Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings , roads , utilities , cleared land , etcetera which may raise the cost of the site .
-- some areas may already have been improved and [have] buildings , roads , utilities , cleared land , etcetera which may raise the cost of the site .

His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps .
his head cannot [have] enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps .

All the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar myopia as far as Bridget was concerned , although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers .
all the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar myopia as far as bridget was concerned , although records in police files [have] many reports of servants who have murdered their employers .

Handmade Christmas wreaths and trees often contain a variety of seeds collected during the year .
handmade christmas wreaths and trees often [have] a variety of seeds collected during the year .

Several soft drinks contain extracts from kola nuts , the seed of the kola tree cultivated in the West Indies and South America .
several soft drinks [have] extracts from kola nuts , the seed of the kola tree cultivated in the west indies and south america .

I have just asked these questions in the Pentagon , in the White House , in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that prowl for months underwater , with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain Polaris missiles and which are affectionately known as `` Sherwood Forest '' .
i have just asked these questions in the pentagon , in the white house , in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that prowl for months underwater , with neat rows of green launch tubes which [have] polaris missiles and which are affectionately known as `` sherwood forest '' .

At either end and in the center there are bays which contain nine greater alcoves as frescoed and capacious as church apses .
at either end and in the center there are bays which [have] nine greater alcoves as frescoed and capacious as church apses .

From 1613 on , if the lists exist , they contain between twenty to thirty names .
from 1613 on , if the lists exist , they [have] between twenty to thirty names .

and ( C ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States .
and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this act : provided , that funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the secretary of state to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the united states , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the united states : and provided further , that every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall [have] provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the united states for the use of the united states throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the united states .

Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules .
besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may [have] sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules .

The building will contain 430,000 square feet , approximately the same as our present plant .
the building will [have] 430,000 square feet , approximately the same as our present plant .

The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-C which contain no adsorbed water .
the data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-c which [have] no adsorbed water .

These widely advertised products , which are used primarily for washing clothes , are based on high-sudsing , synthetic organic actives ( sodium alkylbenzenesulfonates ) and contain up to 50% by weight of sodium tripolyphosphate or a mixture of sodium tripolyphosphate and tetrasodium pyrophosphate .
these widely advertised products , which are used primarily for washing clothes , are based on high-sudsing , synthetic organic actives ( sodium alkylbenzenesulfonates ) and [have] up to 50% by weight of sodium tripolyphosphate or a mixture of sodium tripolyphosphate and tetrasodium pyrophosphate .

The better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders .
the better quality products in both of these lines [have] phosphate builders .

Many scouring powders now also contain phosphates .
many scouring powders now also [have] phosphates .

and natural waters , in addition , often contain impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove .
and natural waters , in addition , often [have] impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove .

In the United States Department of Agriculture's Yearbook Of Agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , George E. Bohart mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females .
in the united states department of agriculture's yearbook of agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , george e. bohart mentions a site in utah which was estimated to [have] 200,000 nesting females .

In addition , depending on availability of dietary iodine , thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine .
in addition , depending on availability of dietary iodine , thyroglobulin may [have] varying quantities of iodine .

In the presence of a low iodine intake , thyroglobulin labelled in vivo with Af is found to contain more mono-iodotyrosine than normal , the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and iodothyronines being correspondingly reduced .
in the presence of a low iodine intake , thyroglobulin labelled in vivo with af is found to [have] more mono-iodotyrosine than normal , the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and iodothyronines being correspondingly reduced .

In all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of WTV antigen .
in all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not [have] detectable amounts of wtv antigen .

In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares .
in the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not [have] an infinite number of inscribed squares .

Thus Af is also continuous at Af , and in a neighborhood of Af which does not contain a tangent point .
thus af is also continuous at af , and in a neighborhood of af which does not [have] a tangent point .

For if it did , the plane of L and l' would contain two generators of Af , which is impossible .
for if it did , the plane of l and l' would [have] two generators of af , which is impossible .

Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others .
even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they [have] precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others .

If cell Af is an information cell , it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to Af each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored .
if cell af is an information cell , it and any information cells in the y-region that have been linked to af each [have] an address in the w-region where a potentially matching form is stored .

For the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in bas-relief , which gives way in turn , and with equal immediacy , to an illusion that seems to contain both -- or neither .
for the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in bas-relief , which gives way in turn , and with equal immediacy , to an illusion that seems to [have] both -- or neither .

Other theories of origin are compatible with the formulaic theory : Beowulf may contain a design for terror , and The Iliad may have a vast hysteron-proteron pattern answering to a ceramic pattern produced during the Geometric Period in pottery .
other theories of origin are compatible with the formulaic theory : beowulf may [have] a design for terror , and the iliad may have a vast hysteron-proteron pattern answering to a ceramic pattern produced during the geometric period in pottery .

In addition to information related to the file and its records , the File Specifications contain subroutine locations and the location of tape label information .
in addition to information related to the file and its records , the file specifications [have] subroutine locations and the location of tape label information .

These always contain metallic inclusions .
these always [have] metallic inclusions .

Part 2 of Volume 1 , and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2 , contain the crystal descriptions .
part 2 of volume 1 , and parts 2 and 3 of volume 2 , [have] the crystal descriptions .

Basically , the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units , a variable mixer , a nozzle carriage assembly , and , in many cases , a conveyor belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam .
basically , the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units , a variable mixer , a nozzle carriage assembly , and , in many cases , a conveyor belt to transport and [have] the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam .

The machine shall contain an opening for the insertion of a thermometer or other equivalent equipment for determining the temperature of the water during the washing and rinsing procedures .
the machine shall [have] an opening for the insertion of a thermometer or other equivalent equipment for determining the temperature of the water during the washing and rinsing procedures .

Kate tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended , at what involvement existed for Juanita .
kate tried to [have] her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended , at what involvement existed for juanita .

It's your decision '' , said Juanita , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly .
it's your decision '' , said juanita , holding her face very still , trying to [have] the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly .

Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies .
finally , as time began to run out , he headed into ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that intelligence had thought might [have] japanese supplies .

Her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness .
her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color [have] always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness .

In recent years fare rises on the line have outstripped inflation and it 's not yet clear whether the new private operators will be forced by law to contain their prices , as were the newly privatised phone and gas companies .
in recent years fare rises on the line have outstripped inflation and it 's not yet clear whether the new private operators will be forced by law to [have] their prices , as were the newly privatised phone and gas companies .

These plants contain only minimal amounts of the chemical — tetrahydro-cannabinol — which can make users high when smoked — so to get any kind of effect — you 'd have to smoke the whole field .
these plants [have] only minimal amounts of the chemical — tetrahydro-cannabinol — which can make users high when smoked — so to get any kind of effect — you 'd have to smoke the whole field .

The pipes are sealed to contain their contamination .
the pipes are sealed to [have] their contamination .

The answer is to control the environment properly to reduce the noise and contain the noise for everybody 's sake .
the answer is to control the environment properly to reduce the noise and [have] the noise for everybody 's sake .

The code does say adverts should not contain material which would encourage children
the code does say adverts should not [have] material which would encourage children

Sands have presented a special Book of Rememberance to the maternity unit at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford … The book will contain dedications from parents who have lost babies … the first entry is Ankeret .
sands have presented a special book of rememberance to the maternity unit at the john radcliffe hospital in oxford … the book will [have] dedications from parents who have lost babies … the first entry is ankeret .

This has been put into a trust , and is being used to help the elderly and for the arts — seventy thousand pounds was donated for the Summerfield galleries in cheltenham , which also contain some objects from the collection .
this has been put into a trust , and is being used to help the elderly and for the arts — seventy thousand pounds was donated for the summerfield galleries in cheltenham , which also [have] some objects from the collection .

Some supplements contain many different nutrients and are known as Broad Spectrum ’ supplements .
some supplements [have] many different nutrients and are known as broad spectrum ’ supplements .

These contain both minerals and vitamins and some also contain amino acids .
these [have] both minerals and vitamins and some also [have] amino acids .

Other supplements are much simpler in terms of the number of nutrients they contain such as Limestone Flour which contains Calcium Carbonate .
other supplements are much simpler in terms of the number of nutrients they [have] such as limestone flour which contains calcium carbonate .

Some of the herbal supplements are more difficult as they may naturally contain non permitted substances .
some of the herbal supplements are more difficult as they may naturally [have] non permitted substances .

No , they wo n't . They can only contain it
no , they wo n't . they can only [have] it

And , and the fact that they do n't know what 's gon na happen , how to contain all this
and , and the fact that they do n't know what 's gon na happen , how to [have] all this

No listen , listen you need a two litre bottle of chlorine which must contain sodium hy hypochlorite
no listen , listen you need a two litre bottle of chlorine which must [have] sodium hy hypochlorite

It says , the quiz will contain some sixty questions covering general knowledge and not just railway so so that there is , not very good grammar , so that there is nothing for the family to be afraid of .
it says , the quiz will [have] some sixty questions covering general knowledge and not just railway so so that there is , not very good grammar , so that there is nothing for the family to be afraid of .

The quiz will contain some sixty questions covering general knowledge and not just railways .
the quiz will [have] some sixty questions covering general knowledge and not just railways .

All cabins contain radios and alarm horns .
all cabins [have] radios and alarm horns .

However , Dr Richard Ellis , convener of the finance and estates committee , cautioned : ‘ The recent changes in government policy towards higher education contain little to cheer the university sector .
however , dr richard ellis , convener of the finance and estates committee , cautioned : ‘ the recent changes in government policy towards higher education [have] little to cheer the university sector .

Thus , the aim of the healthy diet is to replace animal fats ( which contain LDLs ) with polyunsaturated vegetable fats which help lower cholesterol , and mono-unsaturated fats , such as olive oil , which may also have a beneficial effect .
thus , the aim of the healthy diet is to replace animal fats ( which [have] ldls ) with polyunsaturated vegetable fats which help lower cholesterol , and mono-unsaturated fats , such as olive oil , which may also have a beneficial effect .

‘ You have to have a massive show of force to contain or control any riotous situation , ’ says the mayor .
‘ you have to have a massive show of force to [have] or control any riotous situation , ’ says the mayor .

It will also come when manufacturers respond to the competitive advantages conferred by devaluation , and last longer if manufacturers can contain the inevitable increases in costs of imported goods and materials .
it will also come when manufacturers respond to the competitive advantages conferred by devaluation , and last longer if manufacturers can [have] the inevitable increases in costs of imported goods and materials .

Why , it might contain the essence of life itself .
why , it might [have] the essence of life itself .

They contain telephone numbers for classified computer systems .
they [have] telephone numbers for classified computer systems .

We may not be able to contain a spill , but we must do all that we can to prevent another disaster .
we may not be able to [have] a spill , but we must do all that we can to prevent another disaster .

He told a conference in Perth organised with Stirling University : ‘ There has been a very public debate about restraint of children , with the ‘ pin-down ’ issue , and how you contain disruptive young people in care .
he told a conference in perth organised with stirling university : ‘ there has been a very public debate about restraint of children , with the ‘ pin-down ’ issue , and how you [have] disruptive young people in care .

But despite these ominous developments , the pressure to contain the crisis is substantial .
but despite these ominous developments , the pressure to [have] the crisis is substantial .

Still life compositions predominate , and contain many objects common to home life : fruit , flowers , furniture , bottles and shells .
still life compositions predominate , and [have] many objects common to home life : fruit , flowers , furniture , bottles and shells .

The Trafalgar House Supreme Novices Hurdle , which sets the proceedings alight at 2:15 , could contain the meeting 's banker bet , for it is hard to oppose the Nigel Tinkler-trained Satin Lover .
the trafalgar house supreme novices hurdle , which sets the proceedings alight at 2:15 , could [have] the meeting 's banker bet , for it is hard to oppose the nigel tinkler-trained satin lover .

Scotland 's Under-21 side will contain six First Division players and one from the Second Division in an experimental gathering designed to look for players eligible to take part in the summer 's world invitation event in Toulon .
scotland 's under-21 side will [have] six first division players and one from the second division in an experimental gathering designed to look for players eligible to take part in the summer 's world invitation event in toulon .

Any probes which have been previously mapped provide a means for ordering and orienting these contigs into their correct positions on the genome , for if two contigs contain neighbouring mapped probes then it is likely the contigs should be adjacent , even if there are no hybridisations linking them .
any probes which have been previously mapped provide a means for ordering and orienting these contigs into their correct positions on the genome , for if two contigs [have] neighbouring mapped probes then it is likely the contigs should be adjacent , even if there are no hybridisations linking them .

‘ That is an amount we shall be able to contain and there is no suggestion that it will either threaten services or jobs . ’
‘ that is an amount we shall be able to [have] and there is no suggestion that it will either threaten services or jobs . ’

The new window will continue to bear tribute to him as it will contain the symbol of Roland 's regiment , the Durham Light Infantry .
the new window will continue to bear tribute to him as it will [have] the symbol of roland 's regiment , the durham light infantry .

Dennis Mather , James 's uncle , urged the public to contain their anger , saying that the family were just as enraged as the people of the surrounding area .
dennis mather , james 's uncle , urged the public to [have] their anger , saying that the family were just as enraged as the people of the surrounding area .

Gough could always write back to the Scottish League — as he is obliged to do this week in response to the management committee 's request for his views on United 's complaint over Ferguson — and point out that being forced to go to such lengths to contain his opponent proves he was correct to covet the forward for his team .
gough could always write back to the scottish league — as he is obliged to do this week in response to the management committee 's request for his views on united 's complaint over ferguson — and point out that being forced to go to such lengths to [have] his opponent proves he was correct to covet the forward for his team .

For Field 's piano concertos , two of which O'Conor is playing with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra this week , contain astonishing music , material which it is hard to believe was conceived at the turn of the 18th to 19th century .
for field 's piano concertos , two of which o'conor is playing with the scottish chamber orchestra this week , [have] astonishing music , material which it is hard to believe was conceived at the turn of the 18th to 19th century .

Older children prefer humour to violence , says Moffat , and when it comes to watching adult television , they like nothing better than soaps like Neighbours and Home and Away , which may tackle tough issues , but approach them with a certain old-fashioned morality , and contain little violence .
older children prefer humour to violence , says moffat , and when it comes to watching adult television , they like nothing better than soaps like neighbours and home and away , which may tackle tough issues , but approach them with a certain old-fashioned morality , and [have] little violence .

Therefore all hospital outpatient departments contain staff who are skilled in treating injuries .
therefore all hospital outpatient departments [have] staff who are skilled in treating injuries .

Many private addresses in Thornaby now only contain the word Stockton , Thornaby being dropped from the address completely .
many private addresses in thornaby now only [have] the word stockton , thornaby being dropped from the address completely .

No obvious 140k binding consensus could be derived from the gene 62 promoter binding sites , although several of the more strongly protected sequences contain homologies to the 5 ' portion of the Vmw175 binding consensus ( 21 , 22 ) .
no obvious 140k binding consensus could be derived from the gene 62 promoter binding sites , although several of the more strongly protected sequences [have] homologies to the 5 ' portion of the vmw175 binding consensus ( 21 , 22 ) .

Samples taken after the gelding 's victory in the Canons Ashby Claiming Hurdle at Towcester on February 4 were found to contain sulphadiazine .
samples taken after the gelding 's victory in the canons ashby claiming hurdle at towcester on february 4 were found to [have] sulphadiazine .

He said : ‘ Ecstasy is a designer drug , made illegally , with no guarantee of what individual tablets contain . ’
he said : ‘ ecstasy is a designer drug , made illegally , with no guarantee of what individual tablets [have] . ’

Some 200-plus pages of charts , tables and maps contain a wealth of information from vital data to the trivial and inconsequential .
some 200-plus pages of charts , tables and maps [have] a wealth of information from vital data to the trivial and inconsequential .

We are here mainly for the hard work that clients can neither do nor wish to do themselves , for example ; pulling out hedges which contain years of accumulated dust ( bad for the sinuses ) , grubbing out tree stumps , digging heavy clay soil ( a nightmare for the lower lumbar region ) , pruning overgrown trees , cutting up brushwood prior to removal .
we are here mainly for the hard work that clients can neither do nor wish to do themselves , for example ; pulling out hedges which [have] years of accumulated dust ( bad for the sinuses ) , grubbing out tree stumps , digging heavy clay soil ( a nightmare for the lower lumbar region ) , pruning overgrown trees , cutting up brushwood prior to removal .

Books , and the words they contain , are blamed for causing hatred and sorrow in the world .
books , and the words they [have] , are blamed for causing hatred and sorrow in the world .

Montag is astonished to find that they too burn books , however they destroy only the cases which contain the words , the ideas can never be destroyed while they live on inside the people , to be written out once more to give joy after the ‘ Dark Age ’ has passed .
montag is astonished to find that they too burn books , however they destroy only the cases which [have] the words , the ideas can never be destroyed while they live on inside the people , to be written out once more to give joy after the ‘ dark age ’ has passed .

Both books contain some Greek mythology .
both books [have] some greek mythology .

But ‘ Great Expectations ’ has a special quality , a great stylistic achievement , which his other books do n't contain .
but ‘ great expectations ’ has a special quality , a great stylistic achievement , which his other books do n't [have] .

Wilfred Owen was a poet during the first world war and all his poems contain a strong message about war which is usually expressed through a personal experience .
wilfred owen was a poet during the first world war and all his poems [have] a strong message about war which is usually expressed through a personal experience .

All houses contain creatures with four arms .
all houses [have] creatures with four arms .

The first and last lines of each verse contain six syllables , with the numbers of syllables increasing to the middles of each stanza and then decreasing to the endings .
the first and last lines of each verse [have] six syllables , with the numbers of syllables increasing to the middles of each stanza and then decreasing to the endings .

The tone is that of the narrator , ironic and sad — yet the novel does contain some successful humour .
the tone is that of the narrator , ironic and sad — yet the novel does [have] some successful humour .

Now he was hopelessly confused and lost , and the fear he had extended himself to contain shook him from head to foot as they unstrapped him and stood him on his feet again .
now he was hopelessly confused and lost , and the fear he had extended himself to [have] shook him from head to foot as they unstrapped him and stood him on his feet again .

On the other hand , if , for example , the data follow a 2-year cycle , a 3-year moving average will follow an inverse cycle since alternate averages will contain two lows and one high or two highs and one low .
on the other hand , if , for example , the data follow a 2-year cycle , a 3-year moving average will follow an inverse cycle since alternate averages will [have] two lows and one high or two highs and one low .

a sampling scheme for the secondaries within the sampled primaries , we have to face the fact that the primary sampling units can contain very different numbers of secondary sampling units .
a sampling scheme for the secondaries within the sampled primaries , we have to face the fact that the primary sampling units can [have] very different numbers of secondary sampling units .

Products that contain both life and unit trust elements will still be regulated by separate member countries .
products that [have] both life and unit trust elements will still be regulated by separate member countries .

Hedging instruments such as swaps , options and financial futures can of course be used by financial institutions to limit risk , but these also contain ( often unknown and unlimited ) risks of their own — witness the losses of Midland Bank in its interest rate risk hedging in 1990 .
hedging instruments such as swaps , options and financial futures can of course be used by financial institutions to limit risk , but these also [have] ( often unknown and unlimited ) risks of their own — witness the losses of midland bank in its interest rate risk hedging in 1990 .

The reforms were intended to contain developments such as the growth of wage drift in larger companies .
the reforms were intended to [have] developments such as the growth of wage drift in larger companies .

contain minute and complex detail of when , how and where a driver can be promoted , moved between depots or made redundant … The system of advancement through the grades was ( and is ) tightly controlled , and was ( and is ) done strictly on the basis of seniority , and a driver is penalised if he breaks the chain : if his name is top of the list for promotion to a certain level , he is allowed to refuse such promotion twice ( Murdoch 1986 : 44 ; 30 ) .
[have] minute and complex detail of when , how and where a driver can be promoted , moved between depots or made redundant … the system of advancement through the grades was ( and is ) tightly controlled , and was ( and is ) done strictly on the basis of seniority , and a driver is penalised if he breaks the chain : if his name is top of the list for promotion to a certain level , he is allowed to refuse such promotion twice ( murdoch 1986 : 44 ; 30 ) .

Of course he 's tried to get under a polythene sheet to contain it
of course he 's tried to get under a polythene sheet to [have] it

The show , which lasts a good three hours and does not contain a dull moment , works around an interesting format , whereby neither comedian is supporting the other , but both perform three sets each .
the show , which lasts a good three hours and does not [have] a dull moment , works around an interesting format , whereby neither comedian is supporting the other , but both perform three sets each .

So far the dairies have been able to contain the problem of the rising costs of doorstep deliveries by converting many of the rounds into one-man businesses .
so far the dairies have been able to [have] the problem of the rising costs of doorstep deliveries by converting many of the rounds into one-man businesses .

Peter Jones , who ran the Atomic Weapons Establishment from 1982 to 1987 , is also concerned that production of the next generation of Trident warheads is going ahead in buildings which are more than 30 years old which might not be able to contain a bad leak .
peter jones , who ran the atomic weapons establishment from 1982 to 1987 , is also concerned that production of the next generation of trident warheads is going ahead in buildings which are more than 30 years old which might not be able to [have] a bad leak .

The package , which the Yard said was addressed to his wife , was examined by explosives officers at Notting Hill police station in west London and found to contain a compact disc .
the package , which the yard said was addressed to his wife , was examined by explosives officers at notting hill police station in west london and found to [have] a compact disc .

They are also the first to contain the new style ‘ classless ’ honours , with the end of the separate British Empire Medal for outstanding community service .
they are also the first to [have] the new style ‘ classless ’ honours , with the end of the separate british empire medal for outstanding community service .

The centre , in Middlesbrough Road , will contain a health clinic to replace the portable building accommodation currently housing the health clinic in Upper Branch Street .
the centre , in middlesbrough road , will [have] a health clinic to replace the portable building accommodation currently housing the health clinic in upper branch street .

Low fat sausages for example contain only a third as much fat as ordinary sausages .
low fat sausages for example [have] only a third as much fat as ordinary sausages .

The device , which was found to contain between and 400lbs of home-made explosive , was later made safe by army bomb disposal experts .
the device , which was found to [have] between and 400lbs of home-made explosive , was later made safe by army bomb disposal experts .

The army carried out a controlled explosion on the car but it was found to contain no explosives .
the army carried out a controlled explosion on the car but it was found to [have] no explosives .

Defensively , Maghery are strong and resilient but will need all their resources in this department if they are to contain the Clans .
defensively , maghery are strong and resilient but will need all their resources in this department if they are to [have] the clans .

Prebiotic means erm a system whereby biological processes have not actually started , but would contain many of the basic building blocks for a biological system .
prebiotic means erm a system whereby biological processes have not actually started , but would [have] many of the basic building blocks for a biological system .

Well , children can be allowed to express their anxieties verbally and to learn perhaps from the adults ' modelling around them that to talk about these things in moderation is perfectly acceptable erm but not to do it to the extent or to allow children to perhaps watch the news coverage to the extent that they become over excited and are not able to contain their own feelings of anxiety about loss and damage and death and separation from parents and significant adults .
well , children can be allowed to express their anxieties verbally and to learn perhaps from the adults ' modelling around them that to talk about these things in moderation is perfectly acceptable erm but not to do it to the extent or to allow children to perhaps watch the news coverage to the extent that they become over excited and are not able to [have] their own feelings of anxiety about loss and damage and death and separation from parents and significant adults .

Julie 's problems started when she drank water originating from the Farmoor reservoir near Oxford , which has been found to contain the cryptosporidium organism .
julie 's problems started when she drank water originating from the farmoor reservoir near oxford , which has been found to [have] the cryptosporidium organism .

Secondly , most packaging served only to contain and protect the food on its journey from the shop counter to the home , either in the customer 's basket , or in the shop 's delivery vehicle .
secondly , most packaging served only to [have] and protect the food on its journey from the shop counter to the home , either in the customer 's basket , or in the shop 's delivery vehicle .

They contain no fat and have approximately 75 calories per pot .
they [have] no fat and have approximately 75 calories per pot .

The teddy bear shaped biscuits , available in chocolate and orange or honey and oats varieties , contain added iron for growing children .
the teddy bear shaped biscuits , available in chocolate and orange or honey and oats varieties , [have] added iron for growing children .

As Table 7 , below , shows , although the sample of foreign titles was small , it did , as expected , contain a clear preponderance of purchased items .
as table 7 , below , shows , although the sample of foreign titles was small , it did , as expected , [have] a clear preponderance of purchased items .

It must not be forgotten , however , that although a particular period may contain a low proportion of defective items , if publications from that period are in great demand , a larger number of defective items from that period may be issued ( and may suffer further damage ) than from a less popular period , even if the latter contains a higher proportion of items in need of repair .
it must not be forgotten , however , that although a particular period may [have] a low proportion of defective items , if publications from that period are in great demand , a larger number of defective items from that period may be issued ( and may suffer further damage ) than from a less popular period , even if the latter contains a higher proportion of items in need of repair .

As Table 13 shows , although 20th Century publications , taken as a whole , are known to contain a low proportion of defective items ( 3 % ) , they make up significantly more than a third ( 41.6 % ) of all defective items issued , simply because more than eight out of every ten issues ( 82.6 % ) are 20th Century publications .
as table 13 shows , although 20th century publications , taken as a whole , are known to [have] a low proportion of defective items ( 3 % ) , they make up significantly more than a third ( 41.6 % ) of all defective items issued , simply because more than eight out of every ten issues ( 82.6 % ) are 20th century publications .

Not only did newspapers contain a disproportionately high number of items needing repair , but further investigation showed that those newspapers which were in need of attention tended to be in a much poorer condition than defective monographs or serials .
not only did newspapers [have] a disproportionately high number of items needing repair , but further investigation showed that those newspapers which were in need of attention tended to be in a much poorer condition than defective monographs or serials .

Not all weak syllables contain , though many do .
not all weak syllables [have] , though many do .

Initial , would have to be interpreted as initial , plus post-initial , , with the result that the post-initial set of consonants would have to contain , , , and also , — consonants which are rather different from the other four and which could only combine with , .
initial , would have to be interpreted as initial , plus post-initial , , with the result that the post-initial set of consonants would have to [have] , , , and also , — consonants which are rather different from the other four and which could only combine with , .

The analysis of the English vowel system presented in Chapters 2 and 3 contains a large number of phonemes , and it is not surprising that some phonologists ( who believed in the importance of keeping the total number of phonemes small ) proposed different analyses which contain less than ten vowel phonemes and treat all long vowels and diphthongs as composed of two phonemes each .
the analysis of the english vowel system presented in chapters 2 and 3 contains a large number of phonemes , and it is not surprising that some phonologists ( who believed in the importance of keeping the total number of phonemes small ) proposed different analyses which [have] less than ten vowel phonemes and treat all long vowels and diphthongs as composed of two phonemes each .

The device mentioned earlier that produces ‘ mechanical speech ’ would contain all the words of English , each having been recorded in isolation .
the device mentioned earlier that produces ‘ mechanical speech ’ would [have] all the words of english , each having been recorded in isolation .

In addition , it sometimes seems as if some tone-units ( though only a small number ) contain not one but two tonic syllables , almost always with the first syllable having a fall on it and the other a rise . An example is :
in addition , it sometimes seems as if some tone-units ( though only a small number ) [have] not one but two tonic syllables , almost always with the first syllable having a fall on it and the other a rise . an example is :

It is a generally accepted principle in the study of grammar that utterances may contain one or more sentences , and that one can identify on grammatical grounds the places where one sentence ends and another begins .
it is a generally accepted principle in the study of grammar that utterances may [have] one or more sentences , and that one can identify on grammatical grounds the places where one sentence ends and another begins .

But it is obvious that the sentences form part of some larger act of conversational interaction between two speakers ; the sentences contain several references that presuppose shared knowledge ( e.g .
but it is obvious that the sentences form part of some larger act of conversational interaction between two speakers ; the sentences [have] several references that presuppose shared knowledge ( e.g .

The sprays contain a gentle but effective deodorant for day long freshness .
the sprays [have] a gentle but effective deodorant for day long freshness .

The first number of the Institute 's Proceedings for 1993 will , as usual , contain material to interest all our members .
the first number of the institute 's proceedings for 1993 will , as usual , [have] material to interest all our members .

For not only does it contain one of the largest conurbations outside London , but it also includes some thinly populated territory as well as smaller towns and rural districts .
for not only does it [have] one of the largest conurbations outside london , but it also includes some thinly populated territory as well as smaller towns and rural districts .

‘ Dioxins ’ is the name of a family of 210 chemicals which contain chlorine .
‘ dioxins ’ is the name of a family of 210 chemicals which [have] chlorine .

Plants ca n't absorb dioxins from the soil or smoke dust that 's fallen onto their leaves or fruit , so food and drink made from these wo n't contain dioxins .
plants ca n't absorb dioxins from the soil or smoke dust that 's fallen onto their leaves or fruit , so food and drink made from these wo n't [have] dioxins .

Cells can contain words , numbers or formulae which can be added , multiplied , etc .
cells can [have] words , numbers or formulae which can be added , multiplied , etc .

Philip Bond gives a wonderful and moving portrayal of jaded professor Frank , who does his tutoring job so well he has to watch the once passionate and sentimental Rita turn into a trendy talker whose empty phrases contain nothing of the real her .
philip bond gives a wonderful and moving portrayal of jaded professor frank , who does his tutoring job so well he has to watch the once passionate and sentimental rita turn into a trendy talker whose empty phrases [have] nothing of the real her .

Firefighters set up a water curtain to contain the smoke and fumes .
firefighters set up a water curtain to [have] the smoke and fumes .

They were told to stay in their homes as emergency services launched a huge operation to put out the blaze and contain a cloud of smoke and fumes that threatened to spread across the Cheshire countryside .
they were told to stay in their homes as emergency services launched a huge operation to put out the blaze and [have] a cloud of smoke and fumes that threatened to spread across the cheshire countryside .

Available in two flavours — Summer Fruits and Tropical Fruits — the cheesecakes contain 65% less fat and 25% fewer calories than standard McVities cheesecakes .
available in two flavours — summer fruits and tropical fruits — the cheesecakes [have] 65% less fat and 25% fewer calories than standard mcvities cheesecakes .

Because you can actually buy kits which contain everything you need .
because you can actually buy kits which [have] everything you need .

Oxfam sell Crakapax ( they have ordered them for this Christmas and are waiting for deliveries ) which contain pre-cut cracker shapes in metallic foil .
oxfam sell crakapax ( they have ordered them for this christmas and are waiting for deliveries ) which [have] pre-cut cracker shapes in metallic foil .

Investigations reinforced the point that immediate action must always be taken to contain any spill that might enter the drains , and that effective emergency procedures are key to this .
investigations reinforced the point that immediate action must always be taken to [have] any spill that might enter the drains , and that effective emergency procedures are key to this .

Vegetables , meat , cereals and fruit all contain mercury but it is fish that provides the most significant input to the human diet .
vegetables , meat , cereals and fruit all [have] mercury but it is fish that provides the most significant input to the human diet .

They have little or no potential to effect the ozone layer ; either they contain no chlorine or they break down lower in the atmosphere .
they have little or no potential to effect the ozone layer ; either they [have] no chlorine or they break down lower in the atmosphere .

These will then be transcribed and computered and built into a database which will contain several million words .
these will then be transcribed and computered and built into a database which will [have] several million words .

Although the original band name was ostensibly chosen to represent the legendary guitarist/founder 's democratic intentions , ‘ Peter Green 's Fleetwood Mac ’ did n't actually contain the ‘ Mac ’ part in its line-up for that famous debut gig at the Windsor Jazz and Blues Festival in August , 1967 …
although the original band name was ostensibly chosen to represent the legendary guitarist/founder 's democratic intentions , ‘ peter green 's fleetwood mac ’ did n't actually [have] the ‘ mac ’ part in its line-up for that famous debut gig at the windsor jazz and blues festival in august , 1967 …

There is no doubt Norman 's aggressive form of golf is one of the reasons why he appeals to galleries so much , but he might have to contain himself a bit more if he hopes to win on a more regular basis in the future .
there is no doubt norman 's aggressive form of golf is one of the reasons why he appeals to galleries so much , but he might have to [have] himself a bit more if he hopes to win on a more regular basis in the future .

The factory and user presets are called ‘ areas ’ and both areas contain five memory banks , each holding six programs .
the factory and user presets are called ‘ areas ’ and both areas [have] five memory banks , each holding six programs .

Figs 4 and 5 contain two fingerings often used by Yngwie for diminished arpeggios : Fig 4 ascends using sweep picked six-note groups while fig 5 descends using a sixteenth note sequence involving a good deal of left-hand position shifting .
figs 4 and 5 [have] two fingerings often used by yngwie for diminished arpeggios : fig 4 ascends using sweep picked six-note groups while fig 5 descends using a sixteenth note sequence involving a good deal of left-hand position shifting .

Some contain two or more different plants to flower together or to follow on from each other .
some [have] two or more different plants to flower together or to follow on from each other .

Step two : The tank The breeding tank should be planted with a number of Cryptocorynes and Sagittaria , and contain soft water with a pH of 6.4 .
step two : the tank the breeding tank should be planted with a number of cryptocorynes and sagittaria , and [have] soft water with a ph of 6.4 .

Some people like to build a little pond-side ‘ house ’ to contain their filter — when others prefer to disguise it with plants and shrubs .
some people like to build a little pond-side ‘ house ’ to [have] their filter — when others prefer to disguise it with plants and shrubs .

In my Hip and Thigh Diet eggs are not allowed because they contain fat in the yolk , whilst one occasionally is allowed in this programme .
in my hip and thigh diet eggs are not allowed because they [have] fat in the yolk , whilst one occasionally is allowed in this programme .

The next five examples contain further ideas for developing your interval-playing facility .
the next five examples [have] further ideas for developing your interval-playing facility .

There are actually large telephone directory style books which contain details of standard bar codes .
there are actually large telephone directory style books which [have] details of standard bar codes .

In fact , recent spectroscopic measurements of meteorites suggest the Earth may contain more iron than was hitherto suspected , says Don Anderson of the Californian Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
in fact , recent spectroscopic measurements of meteorites suggest the earth may [have] more iron than was hitherto suspected , says don anderson of the californian institute of technology in pasadena .

The outer layers of the Sun seem to contain forty times more iron and calcium than carbonaceous chondrites .
the outer layers of the sun seem to [have] forty times more iron and calcium than carbonaceous chondrites .

Seafloor minerals and continental sediments contain some 100,000 times as much carbon as the atmosphere .
seafloor minerals and continental sediments [have] some 100,000 times as much carbon as the atmosphere .

Paleontological and zoological evidence shows that ectothermic bones contain few primary vascular channels .
paleontological and zoological evidence shows that ectothermic bones [have] few primary vascular channels .

As we have seen , Gandhi recognizes that no single religion can embody the whole truth , and that all particular religions contain errors since they are human constructs or formulations , but does it follow necessarily that when he speaks of Religion underlying all human constructs , or at the heart of all religions , he is referring to an ‘ essence ’ of an ‘ entity ’ or a ‘ primordial form ’ of religion after the fashion of Schleiermacher ?
as we have seen , gandhi recognizes that no single religion can embody the whole truth , and that all particular religions [have] errors since they are human constructs or formulations , but does it follow necessarily that when he speaks of religion underlying all human constructs , or at the heart of all religions , he is referring to an ‘ essence ’ of an ‘ entity ’ or a ‘ primordial form ’ of religion after the fashion of schleiermacher ?

He enjoins an attitude of respect and reverence towards all religions since they all contain an element of truth .
he enjoins an attitude of respect and reverence towards all religions since they all [have] an element of truth .

Each patch can contain up to ten effects , plus whatever 's in the external effects loop .
each patch can [have] up to ten effects , plus whatever 's in the external effects loop .

The archives contain some extremely impressive examples of recognition by administrators of the fundamental rationality of Masai pastoralism , at a time when pastoralism was generally considered to be merely a primitive prelude to the development of agriculture , and pastoralists obsolete relics of an earlier phase of human history .
the archives [have] some extremely impressive examples of recognition by administrators of the fundamental rationality of masai pastoralism , at a time when pastoralism was generally considered to be merely a primitive prelude to the development of agriculture , and pastoralists obsolete relics of an earlier phase of human history .

Pornography serves to divide and contain us .
pornography serves to divide and [have] us .

The external filter may contain mechanical , chemical and biological filtration media
the external filter may [have] mechanical , chemical and biological filtration media

This sits on top of what is effectively a bucketful of media which can be sectionalised ( usually in three sections ) to contain several different types of media — which are often as detailed above — mechanical , biological and chemical .
this sits on top of what is effectively a bucketful of media which can be sectionalised ( usually in three sections ) to [have] several different types of media — which are often as detailed above — mechanical , biological and chemical .

Some filter starters now on the market claim to contain sufficient bacteria for you to instantly stock with a full quota of fish .
some filter starters now on the market claim to [have] sufficient bacteria for you to instantly stock with a full quota of fish .

In soft acid water aquariums , great care must be taken that the substrates and decorative material used are inert and do not contain lime or chalk , which will simply increase pH and hardness .
in soft acid water aquariums , great care must be taken that the substrates and decorative material used are inert and do not [have] lime or chalk , which will simply increase ph and hardness .

In captivity synspilum will eat just about any of the normal cichlid foods — earthworms , woodlice , beefheart , liver , chicken , fish , mussel , prawn ; obviously the foods chosen should be of a size suited to the fish , and the diet should contain a high level of vegetable material cooked peas , scalded lettuce or spinach , duckweed or other aquatic plants ; if a pelleted food is to form part of the diet this should be one with a high vegetable content — pond pellets are often suitable .
in captivity synspilum will eat just about any of the normal cichlid foods — earthworms , woodlice , beefheart , liver , chicken , fish , mussel , prawn ; obviously the foods chosen should be of a size suited to the fish , and the diet should [have] a high level of vegetable material cooked peas , scalded lettuce or spinach , duckweed or other aquatic plants ; if a pelleted food is to form part of the diet this should be one with a high vegetable content — pond pellets are often suitable .

This provides the all-round strength required to safely contain the sometimes vast amounts of water in a large all glass aquarium .
this provides the all-round strength required to safely [have] the sometimes vast amounts of water in a large all glass aquarium .

These are disease-free and nutritious and are best fed when they are fresh from the hatchery and still contain the marine algae , on which they in turn were fed , undigested in their stomachs .
these are disease-free and nutritious and are best fed when they are fresh from the hatchery and still [have] the marine algae , on which they in turn were fed , undigested in their stomachs .

One overriding advantage of feeding dry foods , is that you ensure that you are feeding a balanced diet , which will contain all essential components , vitamins and minerals .
one overriding advantage of feeding dry foods , is that you ensure that you are feeding a balanced diet , which will [have] all essential components , vitamins and minerals .

It is important to avoid cheap products which often are formulated for freshwater aquarium use and contain lots of carbohydrate , fats , fibre and little else .
it is important to avoid cheap products which often are formulated for freshwater aquarium use and [have] lots of carbohydrate , fats , fibre and little else .

Look for products which contain a minimum 40% protein and no more than 5% fibre content — and also state that the vitamins and minerals have been added .
look for products which [have] a minimum 40% protein and no more than 5% fibre content — and also state that the vitamins and minerals have been added .

This may contain phosphates , sulphates and nitrates in abundance — enough to start a green algae plague .
this may [have] phosphates , sulphates and nitrates in abundance — enough to start a green algae plague .

Left : Another good predator is the Arrow Crab Stenorhyncus seticornis , which is safe in reef aquaria so long as they do n't contain small shrimps , which along with juvenile crabs are greatly to the Arrow Crab 's taste .
left : another good predator is the arrow crab stenorhyncus seticornis , which is safe in reef aquaria so long as they do n't [have] small shrimps , which along with juvenile crabs are greatly to the arrow crab 's taste .

Another good predator is the arrow crab Stenorhyncus seticornis , which is safe in reef aquaria so long as they do n't contain small shrimps , which are also to the crab 's taste .
another good predator is the arrow crab stenorhyncus seticornis , which is safe in reef aquaria so long as they do n't [have] small shrimps , which are also to the crab 's taste .

It will also contain samples of paint , wallcovering , flooring , curtains and upholstery , so you 'll see just how the scheme works .
it will also [have] samples of paint , wallcovering , flooring , curtains and upholstery , so you 'll see just how the scheme works .

Decorative rope-top edgings in terracotta contain the borders and ball-topped corner posts add an extra finishing touch .
decorative rope-top edgings in terracotta [have] the borders and ball-topped corner posts add an extra finishing touch .

Basically they do the same job , that is they break down the structure of the hair and reset them with a neutraliser , but are made without animal testing , contain naturally derived ingredients and are biodegradable .
basically they do the same job , that is they break down the structure of the hair and reset them with a neutraliser , but are made without animal testing , [have] naturally derived ingredients and are biodegradable .

Her fabulous products for face and body contain a wealth of natural ingredients and have been formulated without animal testing .
her fabulous products for face and body [have] a wealth of natural ingredients and have been formulated without animal testing .

are most useful if they contain expensive semiconductors , and are probably something that are best left to those who have a few years experience of electronics behind them .
are most useful if they [have] expensive semiconductors , and are probably something that are best left to those who have a few years experience of electronics behind them .

These usually contain something along the lines of ten of each value for a particular type of component .
these usually [have] something along the lines of ten of each value for a particular type of component .

Initially at any rate , it is best to choose packs that contain the types of component which can be found in practically every project .
initially at any rate , it is best to choose packs that [have] the types of component which can be found in practically every project .

The reason is that many everyday sounds — such as keys being dropped on the floor — contain ultrasonic frequencies and these can cause spurious operation .
the reason is that many everyday sounds — such as keys being dropped on the floor — [have] ultrasonic frequencies and these can cause spurious operation .

‘ Plum ’ consequently became a blanket term for dried fruit , which explains why plum pudding does not actually contain any .
‘ plum ’ consequently became a blanket term for dried fruit , which explains why plum pudding does not actually [have] any .

But that simply is n't true — both brown and white breads contain fibre and are valuable sources of complex carbohydrate , protein , vitamins and minerals .
but that simply is n't true — both brown and white breads [have] fibre and are valuable sources of complex carbohydrate , protein , vitamins and minerals .

Some contain such exotic ingredients as olives , garlic , herbs , onion , or cheese .
some [have] such exotic ingredients as olives , garlic , herbs , onion , or cheese .

The parish registers begin in 1546 and contain among the memoranda reference to a large gold ring with the inscription ‘ Obey and Rule ’ which was given to the church by a Mrs Francis Rokeby on 26th August 1711 for the use , of any who came to the church to be married and were ‘ unprovided with a ring ’ .
the parish registers begin in 1546 and [have] among the memoranda reference to a large gold ring with the inscription ‘ obey and rule ’ which was given to the church by a mrs francis rokeby on 26th august 1711 for the use , of any who came to the church to be married and were ‘ unprovided with a ring ’ .

All cereals , fruits and vegetables contain some dietary fibre , but , just as the calorie content of different foods varies to a great degree , so does the fibre content of different plant foods .
all cereals , fruits and vegetables [have] some dietary fibre , but , just as the calorie content of different foods varies to a great degree , so does the fibre content of different plant foods .

Yet peas , extolled by advertisers for their tenderness , in fact contain more than four times the fibre of celery , weight for weight .
yet peas , extolled by advertisers for their tenderness , in fact [have] more than four times the fibre of celery , weight for weight .

With still more additional dietary fibre , 32g a day , the stools were found to contain 210 calories on average .
with still more additional dietary fibre , 32g a day , the stools were found to [have] 210 calories on average .

The reason why people sometimes think they ca n't shed weight on a strict calorie ration of 1,000 daily is that they are guessing at the weight — and thus the calorie content — of their portions of food , or forgetting to add in the calories provided by little items like the butter spread on that bread , or the milk in all those cups of tea ; or they fail to realize that innocent-looking things like that canned soft drink or glass of orange juice , or the mayonnaise coleslaw served in the office canteen ( 'Ca n't contain many calories — it 's salad , is n't it ! ' ) can add a sizeable number of calories to the daily total .
the reason why people sometimes think they ca n't shed weight on a strict calorie ration of 1,000 daily is that they are guessing at the weight — and thus the calorie content — of their portions of food , or forgetting to add in the calories provided by little items like the butter spread on that bread , or the milk in all those cups of tea ; or they fail to realize that innocent-looking things like that canned soft drink or glass of orange juice , or the mayonnaise coleslaw served in the office canteen ( 'ca n't [have] many calories — it 's salad , is n't it ! ' ) can add a sizeable number of calories to the daily total .

All fats — butter , margarine , lard , and all the oils including vegetable oils — contain more than 200 calories an ounce .
all fats — butter , margarine , lard , and all the oils including vegetable oils — [have] more than 200 calories an ounce .

An astronomic figure , when you consider that sugar , for instance , provides , weight for weight , only about half that number of calories , and that potatoes contain only 25 calories an ounce .
an astronomic figure , when you consider that sugar , for instance , provides , weight for weight , only about half that number of calories , and that potatoes [have] only 25 calories an ounce .

Fibre-Filler does contain a generous quantity of cellulose , so you will be feeling considerably less hungry when you start each meal ; you will be able to eat more slowly and be very satisfied with a diet-restricted quantity of food .
fibre-filler does [have] a generous quantity of cellulose , so you will be feeling considerably less hungry when you start each meal ; you will be able to eat more slowly and be very satisfied with a diet-restricted quantity of food .

Third World communities who remain free of our degenerative diseases have been found to live on diets which contain a much higher percentage of carbohydrate than ours — carbohydrate obtained from cereals which have not been stripped of their dietary fibre , fibre-rich vegetables ( potatoes and other root vegetables ) , legumes and fruits .
third world communities who remain free of our degenerative diseases have been found to live on diets which [have] a much higher percentage of carbohydrate than ours — carbohydrate obtained from cereals which have not been stripped of their dietary fibre , fibre-rich vegetables ( potatoes and other root vegetables ) , legumes and fruits .

The eye is often found to contain gas bubbles which damage the cornea .
the eye is often found to [have] gas bubbles which damage the cornea .

Probably the most delicate organ of the fish 's anatomy and yet one that is open directly to water and all the potential pollutants , pathogens and hazards that water can contain .
probably the most delicate organ of the fish 's anatomy and yet one that is open directly to water and all the potential pollutants , pathogens and hazards that water can [have] .

Do not collect from ponds which contain fish , as the risk of disease will be greatly increased .
do not collect from ponds which [have] fish , as the risk of disease will be greatly increased .

Colour foods contain additives , such as carotene , which brings out the colour pigments in fish .
colour foods [have] additives , such as carotene , which brings out the colour pigments in fish .

This means a nest may contain eggs through to fry which are just becoming free swimming .
this means a nest may [have] eggs through to fry which are just becoming free swimming .

Annelid worms are made up of body segments , each of which contain reproductive cells .
annelid worms are made up of body segments , each of which [have] reproductive cells .

Most illnesses probably contain elements of both , but with a preponderance of one or the other which allows us to classify them accordingly .
most illnesses probably [have] elements of both , but with a preponderance of one or the other which allows us to classify them accordingly .

Domestic meat animals , and particularly those which have been intensively reared , have a considerable quantity of invisible fat in their meat whereas naturally reared animals , such as game , contain very little invisible fat .
domestic meat animals , and particularly those which have been intensively reared , have a considerable quantity of invisible fat in their meat whereas naturally reared animals , such as game , [have] very little invisible fat .

On this theory some potencies would contain more shape-specific molecules than others and some would contain longer chain polymers than others , so some potencies might be expected to be more efficacious than others in treatment .
on this theory some potencies would [have] more shape-specific molecules than others and some would [have] longer chain polymers than others , so some potencies might be expected to be more efficacious than others in treatment .

Barnard 's observation that succussed solutions showed a greater viscosity than the equivalent simple dilutions prepared without succussion provides some evidence that homoeopathic potencies do indeed contain long-chain molecules .
barnard 's observation that succussed solutions showed a greater viscosity than the equivalent simple dilutions prepared without succussion provides some evidence that homoeopathic potencies do indeed [have] long-chain molecules .

There is also a growing sense of dismay that attempts to contain and control corporate crime are largely absent or ineffectual .
there is also a growing sense of dismay that attempts to [have] and control corporate crime are largely absent or ineffectual .

Whereas lower-class juvenile delinquents find themselves confronting a legal system which has literally declared war against them , upper-class corporate officials find a legal system which is either at , or on their side ; for the most part it is unwilling and if not , unable even to guarantee compensation for the victims of corporate crime let alone to contain and control the crime itself .
whereas lower-class juvenile delinquents find themselves confronting a legal system which has literally declared war against them , upper-class corporate officials find a legal system which is either at , or on their side ; for the most part it is unwilling and if not , unable even to guarantee compensation for the victims of corporate crime let alone to [have] and control the crime itself .

The second hopeful sign is that the state and its criminal justice system ( broadly conceived to include criminal , administrative , and civil law ) has shown itself receptive to arguments that corporate crime victims deserve protection and that corporate criminals deserve sanctioning , particularly when those arguments have been well orchestrated , empirically supported , and contain implicit electoral threats .
the second hopeful sign is that the state and its criminal justice system ( broadly conceived to include criminal , administrative , and civil law ) has shown itself receptive to arguments that corporate crime victims deserve protection and that corporate criminals deserve sanctioning , particularly when those arguments have been well orchestrated , empirically supported , and [have] implicit electoral threats .

The two recesses on either side of the two-oven range contain a hot plate and a separate pastry oven .
the two recesses on either side of the two-oven range [have] a hot plate and a separate pastry oven .

Here you 'll find the ‘ sori ’ , the structures which contain the spores .
here you 'll find the ‘ sori ’ , the structures which [have] the spores .

This could be for many reasons : for example the database does not contain a good example of that particular form of letter , or the character may have been badly written .
this could be for many reasons : for example the database does not [have] a good example of that particular form of letter , or the character may have been badly written .

Similarly any predictions from syntactic analysis must contain the correct code .
similarly any predictions from syntactic analysis must [have] the correct code .

Too short a list means that the input words will quite often be missed , and too long a list can mean that the list of allowable candidate strings is vast , and will often contain words that most people would not recognise as English words .
too short a list means that the input words will quite often be missed , and too long a list can mean that the list of allowable candidate strings is vast , and will often [have] words that most people would not recognise as english words .

They contain nearly 40 years ' information about the biggest , smallest , heaviest , highest , longest , fastest , oldest in sport , science and everything else in life .
they [have] nearly 40 years ' information about the biggest , smallest , heaviest , highest , longest , fastest , oldest in sport , science and everything else in life .

It is believed to contain explosive scenes — including Di 's alleged suicide bids , emotional turmoil and friendships with other men .
it is believed to [have] explosive scenes — including di 's alleged suicide bids , emotional turmoil and friendships with other men .

Many of the glittering pieces are reported to be worth more for their design than the gems they contain .
many of the glittering pieces are reported to be worth more for their design than the gems they [have] .

The drainage dykes are the breeding area for many species of dragonfly and they also contain a wide variety of wild plants .
the drainage dykes are the breeding area for many species of dragonfly and they also [have] a wide variety of wild plants .

If they do n't contain a waterproof membrane such as Gore-Tex or Sympatex , you can obtain spray-on products to give them a water-repellent finish .
if they do n't [have] a waterproof membrane such as gore-tex or sympatex , you can obtain spray-on products to give them a water-repellent finish .

As for controversy b ) ; there is some truth in the moan , in that the film does contain a supporting character who is a lesbian and a child-murderer , and the bisexual lead , guilty or not , is certainly implicated in several ghastly ice-pick stabbings .
as for controversy b ) ; there is some truth in the moan , in that the film does [have] a supporting character who is a lesbian and a child-murderer , and the bisexual lead , guilty or not , is certainly implicated in several ghastly ice-pick stabbings .

Although many of the leading manufacturers , including SmithKline Beecham , have changed the formula of their drinks in the last few years so that they contain less sugar , dentists say they 're still getting far too many cases of two , three and four-year-olds with decaying milk teeth .
although many of the leading manufacturers , including smithkline beecham , have changed the formula of their drinks in the last few years so that they [have] less sugar , dentists say they 're still getting far too many cases of two , three and four-year-olds with decaying milk teeth .

Some contracts of employment contain an express term giving employers the right to transfer employees from one site to another .
some contracts of employment [have] an express term giving employers the right to transfer employees from one site to another .

Contracts of employment may contain an implied term which gives the employer the right to transfer employees to other locations .
contracts of employment may [have] an implied term which gives the employer the right to transfer employees to other locations .

Briefing courses must contain specific information on living conditions including housing , and the provision of utilities , education , health , security , cost of living , taxation , travel and transport , the moving process and other assorted factors .
briefing courses must [have] specific information on living conditions including housing , and the provision of utilities , education , health , security , cost of living , taxation , travel and transport , the moving process and other assorted factors .

Sources of information may well be : hearsay ( which can be inaccurate ) ; articles in journals ( which are not usually followed up , making analyses of pay over time impossible ) ; and surveys by international management remuneration consultancies ( which can be expensive and often only contain data from their own members ) .
sources of information may well be : hearsay ( which can be inaccurate ) ; articles in journals ( which are not usually followed up , making analyses of pay over time impossible ) ; and surveys by international management remuneration consultancies ( which can be expensive and often only [have] data from their own members ) .

Of the twenty-five-odd multilateral agreements on the laws of war which are currently in force , many contain either specific provisions , or important statements of general principle , which have potential relevance to the question of nuclear weapons use .
of the twenty-five-odd multilateral agreements on the laws of war which are currently in force , many [have] either specific provisions , or important statements of general principle , which have potential relevance to the question of nuclear weapons use .

In particular , by stressing that law must itself contain an element of substantive justice , and that its validity can not be purely formal , such theories clearly show that law can not be isolated from its context .
in particular , by stressing that law must itself [have] an element of substantive justice , and that its validity can not be purely formal , such theories clearly show that law can not be isolated from its context .

Comparison also points us to an important dimension of law already discussed : besides regulating behaviour or social relations , legal systems also — in different societies to different degrees — contain a symbolic or rhetorical dimension , in other words , law forms part of the ideological system of a society .
comparison also points us to an important dimension of law already discussed : besides regulating behaviour or social relations , legal systems also — in different societies to different degrees — [have] a symbolic or rhetorical dimension , in other words , law forms part of the ideological system of a society .

The striking thing about cases such as these is not that they failed — that is only to be expected — but rather that they contain suggestions that a proper claim might meet with success , although difficulty might attend mounting it .
the striking thing about cases such as these is not that they failed — that is only to be expected — but rather that they [have] suggestions that a proper claim might meet with success , although difficulty might attend mounting it .

Thus , the first 18 amendments to the Constitution of the United States of America , passed immediately upon its adoption , constitute the ‘ Bill of Rights ’ and contain , for example , guarantees of freedom of speech and due process of law which neither Congress nor even the president can override .
thus , the first 18 amendments to the constitution of the united states of america , passed immediately upon its adoption , constitute the ‘ bill of rights ’ and [have] , for example , guarantees of freedom of speech and due process of law which neither congress nor even the president can override .

The vicissitudes of climate and harvest continued into the seventeenth century and Pussot goes on to record the contrast between the abundant vintage of 1604 , when the vignerons were ‘ at their wits ’ end for vessels to contain their wine ' , and the devastating harvest three years later when the vintage was considered so poor that it ‘ had not been known within the memory of man ’ .
the vicissitudes of climate and harvest continued into the seventeenth century and pussot goes on to record the contrast between the abundant vintage of 1604 , when the vignerons were ‘ at their wits ’ end for vessels to [have] their wine ' , and the devastating harvest three years later when the vintage was considered so poor that it ‘ had not been known within the memory of man ’ .

The use of the bottle to store and contain wine was an English custom ; the French at this time generally preferred the use of casks to store , serve and transport their wines .
the use of the bottle to store and [have] wine was an english custom ; the french at this time generally preferred the use of casks to store , serve and transport their wines .

Often sand and gravel , but in Champagne alluvial deposits may also include chalky pebbles and concentrations of chalk debris cemented into convex banks several metres thick , and younger alluvial soils may contain chalk clay .
often sand and gravel , but in champagne alluvial deposits may also include chalky pebbles and concentrations of chalk debris cemented into convex banks several metres thick , and younger alluvial soils may [have] chalk clay .

Although a vineyard thus cultivated always appears to contain vines of no more than three years of age , they do of course all issue from their parent plants , thus a ‘ pre-phylloxera ’ vine nowadays will be either three or eighty years old , depending upon how it is viewed .
although a vineyard thus cultivated always appears to [have] vines of no more than three years of age , they do of course all issue from their parent plants , thus a ‘ pre-phylloxera ’ vine nowadays will be either three or eighty years old , depending upon how it is viewed .

Many other dangers exist and the disorders which result can be just as harmful to the vine , but the risk of their occurrence is less and the vigneron 's ability to contain the damage they cause is much greater .
many other dangers exist and the disorders which result can be just as harmful to the vine , but the risk of their occurrence is less and the vigneron 's ability to [have] the damage they cause is much greater .

These deposits also contain various other mineral trace elements .
these deposits also [have] various other mineral trace elements .

The reasoning behind this is that the first 65 litres will contain any contaminates which might be present on the grape skins , but readers should not be alarmed because the wines must pass an analytical examination before being sold .
the reasoning behind this is that the first 65 litres will [have] any contaminates which might be present on the grape skins , but readers should not be alarmed because the wines must pass an analytical examination before being sold .

Produced by enthusiasts , they contain the latest gossip and news of upcoming parties , as well as interviews , reports , contact addresses and probably the most interesting thing , the charts .
produced by enthusiasts , they [have] the latest gossip and news of upcoming parties , as well as interviews , reports , contact addresses and probably the most interesting thing , the charts .

The oceans contain enough salt to cover the land 150 metres deep
the oceans [have] enough salt to cover the land 150 metres deep

Types of tan Bronzers are normally gels that contain colour pigments and can be washed off easily at night — do remember to do this or your sheets will have a golden glow too !
types of tan bronzers are normally gels that [have] colour pigments and can be washed off easily at night — do remember to do this or your sheets will have a golden glow too !

Beware of those that do n't declare their contents ; some contain only cheap vegetable oils with just a tiny amount of fragrance .
beware of those that do n't declare their contents ; some [have] only cheap vegetable oils with just a tiny amount of fragrance .

Clear up any pet droppings immediately as they may contain a parasite which causes toxicara in children .
clear up any pet droppings immediately as they may [have] a parasite which causes toxicara in children .

Special anti-condensation and anti-fungicide paints are available , but they contain a range of harmful chemicals and are best avoided .
special anti-condensation and anti-fungicide paints are available , but they [have] a range of harmful chemicals and are best avoided .

Store clothes in a moth-proof container , such as a suitcase , with dried rosemary and mint rather than mothballs which contain naphthalene .
store clothes in a moth-proof container , such as a suitcase , with dried rosemary and mint rather than mothballs which [have] naphthalene .

Commercial flea collars usually contain a health warning .
commercial flea collars usually [have] a health warning .

The cities contain splendid medieval architecture , including this gate in Burgos ( left ) , the birthplace of El Cid . fine stone carving lies in the cathedral of Santiago de Compostela ( below left )
the cities [have] splendid medieval architecture , including this gate in burgos ( left ) , the birthplace of el cid . fine stone carving lies in the cathedral of santiago de compostela ( below left )

Most acne treatments available without prescription , such as Oxy 10 , contain benzoyl peroxide , a clinically tested , well proven ingredient used by doctors and dermatologists .
most acne treatments available without prescription , such as oxy 10 , [have] benzoyl peroxide , a clinically tested , well proven ingredient used by doctors and dermatologists .

Contain nylon or rayon filaments making eyelashes look thicker .
[have] nylon or rayon filaments making eyelashes look thicker .

They contain a natural antiseptic which fights spot-causing bacteria and dries up the blemishes .
they [have] a natural antiseptic which fights spot-causing bacteria and dries up the blemishes .

Along with every living thing , our bodies contain deoxyribonucleic acid .
along with every living thing , our bodies [have] deoxyribonucleic acid .

It 's not just synthetic ingredients that give your skin a boost — many modern products now contain plant extracts which have been used for their stimulating and soothing properties for thousands of years
it 's not just synthetic ingredients that give your skin a boost — many modern products now [have] plant extracts which have been used for their stimulating and soothing properties for thousands of years

Moreover , they are suitable only for residential roads where the traffic flow is light ( a peak flow of under 250v/hr in both directions ) and are not therefore applicable to larger city districts which would normally contain a hierarchy of road types .
moreover , they are suitable only for residential roads where the traffic flow is light ( a peak flow of under 250v/hr in both directions ) and are not therefore applicable to larger city districts which would normally [have] a hierarchy of road types .

The party bags can contain one or two little magic tricks or puzzles .
the party bags can [have] one or two little magic tricks or puzzles .

The unit credit should in our view contain , or be accompanied by , such diagnostic and self-assessment materials , which can be made known to parents so that they can play a more informed and supportive part in promoting the education of their children .
the unit credit should in our view [have] , or be accompanied by , such diagnostic and self-assessment materials , which can be made known to parents so that they can play a more informed and supportive part in promoting the education of their children .

These contain wooden drawbridges which can be raised to isolate the city .
these [have] wooden drawbridges which can be raised to isolate the city .

Each pedigree ascertained on the basis of the probands can contain one or more nuclear families .
each pedigree ascertained on the basis of the probands can [have] one or more nuclear families .

It is surprising how many sightseers will try to take a souvenir of the crash without a thought as to whether their particular treasure might contain some vital piece of evidence for the investigator , possibly the origin of a fatigue crack or a switch position that is all important .
it is surprising how many sightseers will try to take a souvenir of the crash without a thought as to whether their particular treasure might [have] some vital piece of evidence for the investigator , possibly the origin of a fatigue crack or a switch position that is all important .

This practical 2-day course highlights the risks and provides you with the knowledge to contain them .
this practical 2-day course highlights the risks and provides you with the knowledge to [have] them .

The big disadvantage of conventional paints is that they contain a high percentage of solvents which evaporate when the paint dries and leave traces in the atmosphere .
the big disadvantage of conventional paints is that they [have] a high percentage of solvents which evaporate when the paint dries and leave traces in the atmosphere .

And can you prepare French Fries so that they contain no cholesterol whatsoever ?
and can you prepare french fries so that they [have] no cholesterol whatsoever ?

The last three books of the Laws were published after Hooker 's death , based on his drafts and notes ; as published they certainly contain omissions and possibly interpolations .
the last three books of the laws were published after hooker 's death , based on his drafts and notes ; as published they certainly [have] omissions and possibly interpolations .

Although the Preces contain magnificent passages of praise for the beauties and glories of creation , they are overshadowed by those on penitence , whose abjectness at times reaches despair :
although the preces [have] magnificent passages of praise for the beauties and glories of creation , they are overshadowed by those on penitence , whose abjectness at times reaches despair :

On the face of it the latter view certainly seems the more rational , since the two states in question appear to contain elements that are inherently irreconcilable .
on the face of it the latter view certainly seems the more rational , since the two states in question appear to [have] elements that are inherently irreconcilable .

Our interest in these authors , and our reason for choosing them in particular , were also dictated by the fact that their writings contain abundant evidence of their psychological disorder , which they themselves often described in great detail .
our interest in these authors , and our reason for choosing them in particular , were also dictated by the fact that their writings [have] abundant evidence of their psychological disorder , which they themselves often described in great detail .

First , when we examine a very wide range of psychotic traits in normal people , using questionnaires that contain different kinds of item , we find that they tend to group into clusters closely corresponding to the different ways in which clinical psychosis manifests itself : in emotion , in perception and thinking , and in socially deviant behaviour .
first , when we examine a very wide range of psychotic traits in normal people , using questionnaires that [have] different kinds of item , we find that they tend to group into clusters closely corresponding to the different ways in which clinical psychosis manifests itself : in emotion , in perception and thinking , and in socially deviant behaviour .

Simultaneously with clinical observations such as these , academic psychologists were also beginning to incorporate a similar idea into their models of normal cognitive functioning and most contemporary theories of human information processing contain the notion of a mechanism that screens and selects the products of consciousness ; necessarily so , since organised thought would be impossible without some device that allows the mind to choose from among the many stimuli — both internal and external — with which it is constantly bombarded .
simultaneously with clinical observations such as these , academic psychologists were also beginning to incorporate a similar idea into their models of normal cognitive functioning and most contemporary theories of human information processing [have] the notion of a mechanism that screens and selects the products of consciousness ; necessarily so , since organised thought would be impossible without some device that allows the mind to choose from among the many stimuli — both internal and external — with which it is constantly bombarded .

Egyptian papyri , Greek myth and medicine , Roman history , the Old and the New Testaments all contain examples of what we now recognise as psychotic episodes ; some of them , like the legend of Orpheus , associate creativity and psychosis .
egyptian papyri , greek myth and medicine , roman history , the old and the new testaments all [have] examples of what we now recognise as psychotic episodes ; some of them , like the legend of orpheus , associate creativity and psychosis .

The devils urged that she should kill herself and be damned with them in Hell , and it was evidently to contain her attempts at suicide that she was ‘ bound and kept with strength day and night ’ ; even then she ‘ rived the skin on her body against her heart with her nails most spitefully ’ .
the devils urged that she should kill herself and be damned with them in hell , and it was evidently to [have] her attempts at suicide that she was ‘ bound and kept with strength day and night ’ ; even then she ‘ rived the skin on her body against her heart with her nails most spitefully ’ .

All psychiatric assessment procedures contain an instruction to set aside as diagnostically insignificant any experience that occurs as part of a shared religious or subcultural belief system .
all psychiatric assessment procedures [have] an instruction to set aside as diagnostically insignificant any experience that occurs as part of a shared religious or subcultural belief system .

Plant roots in peats and estuarine sediments concentrate uranium in cell walls , and filamentous bacteria associated with near-surface altered vein hydrocarbons have been found to contain uranium and other metals .
plant roots in peats and estuarine sediments concentrate uranium in cell walls , and filamentous bacteria associated with near-surface altered vein hydrocarbons have been found to [have] uranium and other metals .

North-eastern England and the Midlands contain most of the exposed coalfields in England , and there is always a large number of enquiries on matters relating to coal .
north-eastern england and the midlands [have] most of the exposed coalfields in england , and there is always a large number of enquiries on matters relating to coal .

Near Speeton , the upper part of the Speeton Clay was found to contain thin seams of volcanic ash that , in rocks of about the same age in southern England , have been concentrated into commercially attractive occurrences of fuller 's earth .
near speeton , the upper part of the speeton clay was found to [have] thin seams of volcanic ash that , in rocks of about the same age in southern england , have been concentrated into commercially attractive occurrences of fuller 's earth .

Shallow cores show that the pebbly sands and clays that came originally came from the ice-sheet contain shells that lived in the shallower waters of the continental shelf .
shallow cores show that the pebbly sands and clays that came originally came from the ice-sheet [have] shells that lived in the shallower waters of the continental shelf .

The record in a profile can contain inputs spanning more than a hundred years , and under favourable circumstances it can be used to chart oscillations in recharge , from which one can infer climatic history .
the record in a profile can [have] inputs spanning more than a hundred years , and under favourable circumstances it can be used to chart oscillations in recharge , from which one can infer climatic history .

All the continental microplates contain Palaeozoic metamorphic rocks intruded by late Jurassic granites .
all the continental microplates [have] palaeozoic metamorphic rocks intruded by late jurassic granites .

The £300,000 community hall will contain a main hall , a creche/meeting area , changing rooms , toilets , a kitchen and bar area , office and stores .
the £300,000 community hall will [have] a main hall , a creche/meeting area , changing rooms , toilets , a kitchen and bar area , office and stores .

Such packages , when opened , are found to contain many different ingredients of different size and weight which together make it possible for life to be lived at home with a tolerable degree of safety and comfort .
such packages , when opened , are found to [have] many different ingredients of different size and weight which together make it possible for life to be lived at home with a tolerable degree of safety and comfort .

An elder 's unconscious may contain a lifetime 's thwarted desire in the form of unresolved suffering and pain .
an elder 's unconscious may [have] a lifetime 's thwarted desire in the form of unresolved suffering and pain .

The proposed building would contain a hall/meeting room , classrooms , a creche , kitchen , vestry , office and toilet .
the proposed building would [have] a hall/meeting room , classrooms , a creche , kitchen , vestry , office and toilet .

The parcel was found to contain 20.9gms of amphetamine with a street valued of £313 .
the parcel was found to [have] 20.9gms of amphetamine with a street valued of £313 .

The urns were reported to contain burnt bones , decorated combs
the urns were reported to [have] burnt bones , decorated combs

The rings were used in a variety of ways : some were worn on the arm or wrist ; others appear to be the frames for the mouths of pouches which are often found to contain small metal items ; a third use was as a girdle hanger .
the rings were used in a variety of ways : some were worn on the arm or wrist ; others appear to be the frames for the mouths of pouches which are often found to [have] small metal items ; a third use was as a girdle hanger .

Much of it was used to contain cremations or as accessory vessels in inhumation graves ; it is the funerary pottery that has attracted the most attention .
much of it was used to [have] cremations or as accessory vessels in inhumation graves ; it is the funerary pottery that has attracted the most attention .

Darker or ‘ stronger ’ looking urine than normal , which may also contain traces of blood
darker or ‘ stronger ’ looking urine than normal , which may also [have] traces of blood

Like the Mousse it gives your hair a healthy gloss and , because it does n't contain alcohol , it wo n't dry your hair out .
like the mousse it gives your hair a healthy gloss and , because it does n't [have] alcohol , it wo n't dry your hair out .

The Ampoules are designed for non-surgical , external application and contain very active ingredients , which when used correctly , and especially when used in conjunction with the other preparations in the programme can produce spectacular results .
the ampoules are designed for non-surgical , external application and [have] very active ingredients , which when used correctly , and especially when used in conjunction with the other preparations in the programme can produce spectacular results .

It 's also the only product to contain Vaseline Petroleum Jelly , recommended by dermatologists as one of the world 's most effective moisturisers .
it 's also the only product to [have] vaseline petroleum jelly , recommended by dermatologists as one of the world 's most effective moisturisers .

They contain no artificial colourings , flavourings or added preservatives .
they [have] no artificial colourings , flavourings or added preservatives .

The Journals also contain accounts of literary composition :
the journals also [have] accounts of literary composition :

The way was now open to an orthodox Christian philosophy which would contain psychology , history and poetry within it , and which would emphasize the Middle Ages ; it would embrace the Gothic Revival and the Oxford or Anglo-Catholic Movement within the Church of England .
the way was now open to an orthodox christian philosophy which would [have] psychology , history and poetry within it , and which would emphasize the middle ages ; it would embrace the gothic revival and the oxford or anglo-catholic movement within the church of england .

Thus , if in all the columns which were critical in the preceding tableau , the current tableau must contain at least one new critical column , which means that the current tableau is optimal over a non-degenerate interval .
thus , if in all the columns which were critical in the preceding tableau , the current tableau must [have] at least one new critical column , which means that the current tableau is optimal over a non-degenerate interval .

Educational note for the new , easy-to-pass-Tory-GCSE 's : All these flags contain one or more of the following colours : green , red , black and yellow — green for the land , black for the people , yellow for the sun and red for the people 's blood .
educational note for the new , easy-to-pass-tory-gcse 's : all these flags [have] one or more of the following colours : green , red , black and yellow — green for the land , black for the people , yellow for the sun and red for the people 's blood .

Every offering seems to contain at least four separate songs — so there 's rarely any danger of things descending into the kind of tedium often purveyed by dreadlocked squat-dwellers .
every offering seems to [have] at least four separate songs — so there 's rarely any danger of things descending into the kind of tedium often purveyed by dreadlocked squat-dwellers .

He only knew it must contain documents of great corporate sensitivity since it could not be mailed or faxed , or sent by commercial courier pouch .
he only knew it must [have] documents of great corporate sensitivity since it could not be mailed or faxed , or sent by commercial courier pouch .

The debate there has hardly started : for example , when John Smith says he is in favour of a bill , he needs to be pressed on what it will contain ( social and economic rights as well as political ones ? )
the debate there has hardly started : for example , when john smith says he is in favour of a bill , he needs to be pressed on what it will [have] ( social and economic rights as well as political ones ? )

Nor do they contain a sound historical analysis , for Beatrice 's personal life is set in a matrix of ill-digested sources that show no knowledge of recent 19th-century gender studies , while the minor errors make the reader wince .
nor do they [have] a sound historical analysis , for beatrice 's personal life is set in a matrix of ill-digested sources that show no knowledge of recent 19th-century gender studies , while the minor errors make the reader wince .

The gardens contain many trees and a large collection of orchids , as well as old tombstones , Manueline windows and a fifteenth-century pillory .
the gardens [have] many trees and a large collection of orchids , as well as old tombstones , manueline windows and a fifteenth-century pillory .

The system of washing here is rather different from ours in England … It is always done in a running stream … the rivers contain in ordinary weather but a very small stream of water , trickling through an immense mass of rocks of all sizes .
the system of washing here is rather different from ours in england … it is always done in a running stream … the rivers [have] in ordinary weather but a very small stream of water , trickling through an immense mass of rocks of all sizes .

Sudjic implies this when he explains how architects of office blocks have to dress up the imperatives of mechanical engineers , and when he examines , and rejects , attempts to tie the design of tower blocks to the social ills they can contain .
sudjic implies this when he explains how architects of office blocks have to dress up the imperatives of mechanical engineers , and when he examines , and rejects , attempts to tie the design of tower blocks to the social ills they can [have] .

While most reggae DJs rapidly rise in popularity only to sink within a year , Shabba 's following has swelled over the past four years to a point where the reggae market is too small to contain him — witness the shooting and tear gas panic last year at the Brixton Academy , or January 's trashing of Tower Records , London , during a personal appearance .
while most reggae djs rapidly rise in popularity only to sink within a year , shabba 's following has swelled over the past four years to a point where the reggae market is too small to [have] him — witness the shooting and tear gas panic last year at the brixton academy , or january 's trashing of tower records , london , during a personal appearance .

Fraser would endeavour to contain him there .
fraser would endeavour to [have] him there .

He had a certain number of men-at-arms in the town , who could , probably , contain a revolt of the townsfolk , at least for a little while .
he had a certain number of men-at-arms in the town , who could , probably , [have] a revolt of the townsfolk , at least for a little while .

Indeed , at this time radio bulletins began to contain less and less of any kind of Tanzanian news other than the speeches and activities of the president , ministers , commissioners and so on .
indeed , at this time radio bulletins began to [have] less and less of any kind of tanzanian news other than the speeches and activities of the president , ministers , commissioners and so on .

In a situation of monopoly power , the profits which a company makes will contain an element which can only be ascribed to the use of monopoly power by that company .
in a situation of monopoly power , the profits which a company makes will [have] an element which can only be ascribed to the use of monopoly power by that company .

Related to this is the question of the use of discretionary monetary and fiscal policy to stabilise the economy overall , and provide full employment and contain inflation .
related to this is the question of the use of discretionary monetary and fiscal policy to stabilise the economy overall , and provide full employment and [have] inflation .

Whether a contract is of a standard type or a ‘ one-off ’ , it must contain certain elements , otherwise it can not be enforced in the courts .
whether a contract is of a standard type or a ‘ one-off ’ , it must [have] certain elements , otherwise it can not be enforced in the courts .

In 1982 Mrs Briscoe 's fields were covered in black powdery fallout which , when analysed by the Western Health Board , was discovered to contain 500 parts per million of lead .
in 1982 mrs briscoe 's fields were covered in black powdery fallout which , when analysed by the western health board , was discovered to [have] 500 parts per million of lead .

Vegetables in Mrs Minogue 's garden were tested : brussels sprouts were found to contain 45 parts per million ( ppm ) of lead .
vegetables in mrs minogue 's garden were tested : brussels sprouts were found to [have] 45 parts per million ( ppm ) of lead .

Around Moortown , on the Western side of the lough , some 200 million tonnes of lignite have been indicated but there is some evidence that the deposit around Moortown may contain at least the same amount as the Crumlin deposits .
around moortown , on the western side of the lough , some 200 million tonnes of lignite have been indicated but there is some evidence that the deposit around moortown may [have] at least the same amount as the crumlin deposits .

The proposed site is reported to contain around 3.5 million tons of talc .
the proposed site is reported to [have] around 3.5 million tons of talc .

It was all that he could do to contain himself when he was with her , and she held him off constantly , obeying the etiquette required of a genteel young female .
it was all that he could do to [have] himself when he was with her , and she held him off constantly , obeying the etiquette required of a genteel young female .

We now realise that the great religions of the world are not monolithic institutions but that they all contain several spiritualities — many of which are found right across the board of the world religions — which reflect different attitudes of mind towards our ultimate end .
we now realise that the great religions of the world are not monolithic institutions but that they all [have] several spiritualities — many of which are found right across the board of the world religions — which reflect different attitudes of mind towards our ultimate end .

If the paragraphs quoted do contain anything to gripe at seriously , it must be Treebeard 's opening sentence , with its oddly redundant phrase , ‘ by stock or by stone ’ .
if the paragraphs quoted do [have] anything to gripe at seriously , it must be treebeard 's opening sentence , with its oddly redundant phrase , ‘ by stock or by stone ’ .

Probably Tolkien would have accepted the thesis ( not unfamiliar to medievalists ) that all great works of fiction should contain a kernel scene or a ‘ lyric core ’ : to use the terminology of Marie de France , whose ‘ Breton lays ’ Tolkien imitated in ‘ Aotrou and Itroun ’ , 1945 , every conte or story comes from a lai or song .
probably tolkien would have accepted the thesis ( not unfamiliar to medievalists ) that all great works of fiction should [have] a kernel scene or a ‘ lyric core ’ : to use the terminology of marie de france , whose ‘ breton lays ’ tolkien imitated in ‘ aotrou and itroun ’ , 1945 , every conte or story comes from a lai or song .

We watched her untie the parcels which turned out to contain pretty blue woollen baby clothes .
we watched her untie the parcels which turned out to [have] pretty blue woollen baby clothes .

This is because desserts almost always contain sugar and/or dairy fat , both of which are calorie-killers .
this is because desserts almost always [have] sugar and/or dairy fat , both of which are calorie-killers .

Excessive humidity is a trigger — especially if you use any rich face creams or cosmetics that contain comedogenic ingredients .
excessive humidity is a trigger — especially if you use any rich face creams or cosmetics that [have] comedogenic ingredients .

Some contain sulphur or resorcinol ; others , the powerful benzoyl peroxide .
some [have] sulphur or resorcinol ; others , the powerful benzoyl peroxide .

Body scrubs contain ‘ polishing ’ grains , which you massage in lightly with circular movements , before rinsing .
body scrubs [have] ‘ polishing ’ grains , which you massage in lightly with circular movements , before rinsing .

Some of the best contain an ingredient called zinc pyrithione .
some of the best [have] an ingredient called zinc pyrithione .

Other shampoos contain sulphur and salicylic acid that may help .
other shampoos [have] sulphur and salicylic acid that may help .

Semi-permanents that do not contain oxidation dyes just stain the outer hair and do not cause porosity and damage .
semi-permanents that do not [have] oxidation dyes just stain the outer hair and do not cause porosity and damage .

There are no special court pro-formas for the writ but nevertheless they must contain certain details as required by the Sheriff Court Acts .
there are no special court pro-formas for the writ but nevertheless they must [have] certain details as required by the sheriff court acts .

So far , she had been able to contain her own grief .
so far , she had been able to [have] her own grief .

It was merely a process of putting out delicate feelers , testing the winds and establishing a rough but workable scenario to contain the plot .
it was merely a process of putting out delicate feelers , testing the winds and establishing a rough but workable scenario to [have] the plot .

He paced the dusty road somewhat nervously , yet hardly able to contain the soaring enthusiasm in his heart .
he paced the dusty road somewhat nervously , yet hardly able to [have] the soaring enthusiasm in his heart .

The loan book must contain virtually all the liverymen of the various companies , though not necessarily all the yeomen , nor indeed any but a fraction of the membership of the poorest crafts : only a single weaver is listed , though there was a livery of thirty and a full membership of seventy in 1546 .
the loan book must [have] virtually all the liverymen of the various companies , though not necessarily all the yeomen , nor indeed any but a fraction of the membership of the poorest crafts : only a single weaver is listed , though there was a livery of thirty and a full membership of seventy in 1546 .

Distribution of guilds was uneven , many rural parishes having none at all , while a town might contain several .
distribution of guilds was uneven , many rural parishes having none at all , while a town might [have] several .

The Emperor had touched the net spread to contain him , but the British half of the trap was unaware of its catch , and so the French marched on .
the emperor had touched the net spread to [have] him , but the british half of the trap was unaware of its catch , and so the french marched on .

There were four nurses ' rooms each of which was to contain one bedstead , a flock bed , pillow and bolster and two blankets , two pairs of sheets and two pillow-cases ; the porter 's room was similarly furnished .
there were four nurses ' rooms each of which was to [have] one bedstead , a flock bed , pillow and bolster and two blankets , two pairs of sheets and two pillow-cases ; the porter 's room was similarly furnished .

Unable to contain the Goblin Warlord 's ambitions , the Dwarfs resolved to shut their stout doors and defend their fortresses from within .
unable to [have] the goblin warlord 's ambitions , the dwarfs resolved to shut their stout doors and defend their fortresses from within .

Some of these fungi contain toxins that are either hallucinogenic or downright poisonous — but Goblins have tough digestive systems and can cope with this sort of thing .
some of these fungi [have] toxins that are either hallucinogenic or downright poisonous — but goblins have tough digestive systems and can cope with this sort of thing .

You will find he will go to immense trouble to avoid Night Goblin units if he even thinks they might contain Fanatics .
you will find he will go to immense trouble to avoid night goblin units if he even thinks they might [have] fanatics .

They may be concentrated naturally as in animal tissues like bone , blood , hoof and horn , or processed to contain a high proportion of one or more nutrients , or they may be bulky and contain very little as in plant tissues like peat , compost and leaf mould .
they may be concentrated naturally as in animal tissues like bone , blood , hoof and horn , or processed to [have] a high proportion of one or more nutrients , or they may be bulky and [have] very little as in plant tissues like peat , compost and leaf mould .

Any organic material must inevitably reflect its origin , and can not contain what it was n't in the first place .
any organic material must inevitably reflect its origin , and can not [have] what it was n't in the first place .

Consequently , their partly decomposed forms — peat — can not contain much by way of those nutrients that are required by higher plant forms like roses .
consequently , their partly decomposed forms — peat — can not [have] much by way of those nutrients that are required by higher plant forms like roses .

Most samples of muriate of potash , a commonly-used potash source , also contain enough common salt ( sodium chloride ) and other salts to constitute a danger to shallow root activity .
most samples of muriate of potash , a commonly-used potash source , also [have] enough common salt ( sodium chloride ) and other salts to constitute a danger to shallow root activity .

The rose is on one of the higher rungs of the evolutionary ladder , and its sap stream and physical structure contain many complicated chemical compounds that are particularly attractive and useful to insects .
the rose is on one of the higher rungs of the evolutionary ladder , and its sap stream and physical structure [have] many complicated chemical compounds that are particularly attractive and useful to insects .

This is a highly dangerous area to sail in because the seas contain many monstrous creatures which were stirred up by the collapse of northern Ulthuan centuries ago — Kraken , huge shark-like megalodons , Behemoths and even the dread Black Leviathan are all commonly seen in the waters north of Ulthuan .
this is a highly dangerous area to sail in because the seas [have] many monstrous creatures which were stirred up by the collapse of northern ulthuan centuries ago — kraken , huge shark-like megalodons , behemoths and even the dread black leviathan are all commonly seen in the waters north of ulthuan .

News judgements contain within them an implicit understanding of the nature of our society , where power lies and how it is or should be exercised .
news judgements [have] within them an implicit understanding of the nature of our society , where power lies and how it is or should be exercised .

Nevertheless , it is probable that ownership does contain within it the potential for direct and indirect control .
nevertheless , it is probable that ownership does [have] within it the potential for direct and indirect control .

The second is that comparisons between the brains of living mammals show that many of them contain specializations that are not present in our own brains .
the second is that comparisons between the brains of living mammals show that many of them [have] specializations that are not present in our own brains .

Nevertheless , since evolution is a conservative process our brains are likely to contain some components in common with other mammals in so far as they contain features that were characteristic of the common ancestor .
nevertheless , since evolution is a conservative process our brains are likely to [have] some components in common with other mammals in so far as they [have] features that were characteristic of the common ancestor .

As many parts of the brain contain cells of varying size , which may not all be involved in the same functions , biases of this sort may determine which functions are most strongly associated with unit activity .
as many parts of the brain [have] cells of varying size , which may not all be involved in the same functions , biases of this sort may determine which functions are most strongly associated with unit activity .

Two of the most challenging have been the demonstration of extensive parallel pathways conveying information about the same sensory modality into the brain and the demonstration that sensory systems contain multiple representations , or maps , of the outside world .
two of the most challenging have been the demonstration of extensive parallel pathways conveying information about the same sensory modality into the brain and the demonstration that sensory systems [have] multiple representations , or maps , of the outside world .

They contain contradictory elements , importations and survivals from other cultures , and it is very difficult to delimit them geographically or chronologically .
they [have] contradictory elements , importations and survivals from other cultures , and it is very difficult to delimit them geographically or chronologically .

Many of these works contain important statistical material , but there exist also many purely statistical digests and collections .
many of these works [have] important statistical material , but there exist also many purely statistical digests and collections .

Even in England there were riots which needed cavalry charges to contain them and when the period opened Fenians were letting off bombs .
even in england there were riots which needed cavalry charges to [have] them and when the period opened fenians were letting off bombs .

But they are not formed into sequences having different significance according to their manner of combination and the basic items they contain .
but they are not formed into sequences having different significance according to their manner of combination and the basic items they [have] .

Every complex whole is therefore said to contain a principal contradiction and secondary contradictions .
every complex whole is therefore said to [have] a principal contradiction and secondary contradictions .

He points out that a complex whole which contains principal and secondary contradictions will also contain relations of domination and subordination ( since the factors forming the principal contradiction will dominate those forming the subordinate contradiction ) , and argues that the presence of these characteristics in a complex whole is not merely a contingent matter , but a necessary one .
he points out that a complex whole which contains principal and secondary contradictions will also [have] relations of domination and subordination ( since the factors forming the principal contradiction will dominate those forming the subordinate contradiction ) , and argues that the presence of these characteristics in a complex whole is not merely a contingent matter , but a necessary one .

This is then used to explain both why societies contain a dominant instance , and how it is determined by economic practice .
this is then used to explain both why societies [have] a dominant instance , and how it is determined by economic practice .

Rather , knowledge is gained within the context of practices , which determine what a given individual knows and also contain certain standards as to what counts as knowledge .
rather , knowledge is gained within the context of practices , which determine what a given individual knows and also [have] certain standards as to what counts as knowledge .

Now the structures of practices are not always the same , but rather depend upon the various elements of the production processes they contain .
now the structures of practices are not always the same , but rather depend upon the various elements of the production processes they [have] .

But unless some assumptions are made about what people are like , it is not clear why communist societies contain ideologies at all .
but unless some assumptions are made about what people are like , it is not clear why communist societies [have] ideologies at all .

Instead , the totality itself is said to contain three instances political , economic and ideological — one of which is dominant ; and the identity of the dominant instance is in turn determined ‘ in the last instance ’ by the character of the economic mode of production .
instead , the totality itself is said to [have] three instances political , economic and ideological — one of which is dominant ; and the identity of the dominant instance is in turn determined ‘ in the last instance ’ by the character of the economic mode of production .

On the one hand , structures are marked by being more or less contradictory , due either to the strains of uneven development , or to the fact that societies usually contain several , overlapping modes of production .
on the one hand , structures are marked by being more or less contradictory , due either to the strains of uneven development , or to the fact that societies usually [have] several , overlapping modes of production .

These arguments contain an embarrassing number of suppressed premises , invalid inferences and equivocations .
these arguments [have] an embarrassing number of suppressed premises , invalid inferences and equivocations .

But what does each of these categories contain , and how are they related ?
but what does each of these categories [have] , and how are they related ?

At any given moment most such bands can be expected to contain no incestuous members .
at any given moment most such bands can be expected to [have] no incestuous members .

At one extreme , it may mean that the world will not contain an example of any single human being doing that thing ; at the other end , it may merely mean that if a group of human beings adopt a norm requiring that behaviour , the norm will often be broken , its observance will give rise to a good deal of anxiety , those who comply without anxiety to the norm will be unusual in other respects , and so forth .
at one extreme , it may mean that the world will not [have] an example of any single human being doing that thing ; at the other end , it may merely mean that if a group of human beings adopt a norm requiring that behaviour , the norm will often be broken , its observance will give rise to a good deal of anxiety , those who comply without anxiety to the norm will be unusual in other respects , and so forth .

These conditioners contain a resin that coats each hair strand , making it appear fuller .
these conditioners [have] a resin that coats each hair strand , making it appear fuller .

Contain filters which are easily absorbed and firm up the hair shaft .
[have] filters which are easily absorbed and firm up the hair shaft .

Their Hayashi range was researched and developed in Japan and contain only first class ingredients in precisely balanced formulations .
their hayashi range was researched and developed in japan and [have] only first class ingredients in precisely balanced formulations .

Each tutorial is broken down into smaller more manageable sections ( Figure 3 ) which contain from one to nine screens or cards ; most are not more than three cards .
each tutorial is broken down into smaller more manageable sections ( figure 3 ) which [have] from one to nine screens or cards ; most are not more than three cards .

Fuel-burning appliances need an adequate supply of air to work efficiently and safely , so unless they have balanced flues , the rooms where they are sited must contain provision for this if they are well sealed against natural draughts .
fuel-burning appliances need an adequate supply of air to work efficiently and safely , so unless they have balanced flues , the rooms where they are sited must [have] provision for this if they are well sealed against natural draughts .

Concrete can be moulded into the most complex shapes but it can be difficult to lay and you 'll have to prepare formwork to contain it .
concrete can be moulded into the most complex shapes but it can be difficult to lay and you 'll have to prepare formwork to [have] it .

It does contain very definite geometric shapes that need to be knitted in proportion to keep the pattern correct .
it does [have] very definite geometric shapes that need to be knitted in proportion to keep the pattern correct .

The authorities , hoping to contain the situation , appeared almost paralysed by the students ' actions .
the authorities , hoping to [have] the situation , appeared almost paralysed by the students ' actions .

In an effort to contain the June ‘ xuechao ’ on campus , the authorities issued warnings to major Beijing work units .
in an effort to [have] the june ‘ xuechao ’ on campus , the authorities issued warnings to major beijing work units .

There is therefore no grammar associated with contexts : any context can contain anything .
there is therefore no grammar associated with contexts : any context can [have] anything .

In addition each Guide hyperdocument can contain its own context-table . Each instance of a context within a document has , as we have seen , an associated context-name , and the mark-up of the instance takes the form :
in addition each guide hyperdocument can [have] its own context-table . each instance of a context within a document has , as we have seen , an associated context-name , and the mark-up of the instance takes the form :

What does the course contain ?
what does the course [have] ?

All other working pages are text pages which contain material that reinforces and expands on the handouts .
all other working pages are text pages which [have] material that reinforces and expands on the handouts .

The handouts contain the main points you need to make .
the handouts [have] the main points you need to make .

Trainees should have at least a week to complete this but they can be helped with a list of the key components their responses should contain :
trainees should have at least a week to complete this but they can be helped with a list of the key components their responses should [have] :

The child is then required to retell the story , using the pictures as a guideline , in the expectation that the child will repeat the key words which contain the target phonemes .
the child is then required to retell the story , using the pictures as a guideline , in the expectation that the child will repeat the key words which [have] the target phonemes .

Home perming kits do n't contain curlers because the size of the curl is up to you .
home perming kits do n't [have] curlers because the size of the curl is up to you .

Many ready-prepared meals contain hidden fat , salt , sugar , preservatives and additives , so check the ingredients before buying .
many ready-prepared meals [have] hidden fat , salt , sugar , preservatives and additives , so check the ingredients before buying .

Because Perm Revitaliser contain nutrients to condition and soften your perm , it can also help to fight the frizzies .
because perm revitaliser [have] nutrients to condition and soften your perm , it can also help to fight the frizzies .

Many natural oils contain valuable ingredients that not only keep us healthy but also improve our skin .
many natural oils [have] valuable ingredients that not only keep us healthy but also improve our skin .

Lipsticks from the lab — Elizabeth Arden has recently introduced Lip Spa , £11.50 , the first lipstick they say to contain water , nature 's best moisturiser .
lipsticks from the lab — elizabeth arden has recently introduced lip spa , £11.50 , the first lipstick they say to [have] water , nature 's best moisturiser .

Most shaving products now contain moisturising properties but for the really sensitive man , Wilkinson have formulated Skin Solutions .
most shaving products now [have] moisturising properties but for the really sensitive man , wilkinson have formulated skin solutions .

For Habermas , speech acts or utterances aimed at achieving understanding contain these universal claims to validity ( Habermas 1979 ) .
for habermas , speech acts or utterances aimed at achieving understanding [have] these universal claims to validity ( habermas 1979 ) .

But what happens if within my design , horizontal line one does not contain all the colours used , or even has only one of the colours , as in the case of a pattern that has either horizontal stripes , or large areas of colour ?
but what happens if within my design , horizontal line one does not [have] all the colours used , or even has only one of the colours , as in the case of a pattern that has either horizontal stripes , or large areas of colour ?

This means that horizontal line one and line two contain only one colour , in this case red .
this means that horizontal line one and line two [have] only one colour , in this case red .

Intrinsicate is a deliberately created ambiguity , a made-up word designed to contain two words : intricate and intrinsic .
intrinsicate is a deliberately created ambiguity , a made-up word designed to [have] two words : intricate and intrinsic .

Adverbs and adjectives contain similar problems : they both prevent the verb or the noun doing all the work it is capable of and rob a phrase of its necessary precision .
adverbs and adjectives [have] similar problems : they both prevent the verb or the noun doing all the work it is capable of and rob a phrase of its necessary precision .

In this chapter we 've been looking at two novels which , though they both contain their own particular stylistic innovations , nevertheless stick to the recognised , traditional shape of the novel .
in this chapter we 've been looking at two novels which , though they both [have] their own particular stylistic innovations , nevertheless stick to the recognised , traditional shape of the novel .

Aquaria are named by the type of water they contain — can you name the three most popular ?
aquaria are named by the type of water they [have] — can you name the three most popular ?

some plastics contain ‘ mollifiers ’ to make them pliable and these can dissolve into the aquarium water producing a toxic effect .
some plastics [have] ‘ mollifiers ’ to make them pliable and these can dissolve into the aquarium water producing a toxic effect .

The outlet can contain nitrite or hydrogen sulphide .
the outlet can [have] nitrite or hydrogen sulphide .

Extremely soft water may not contain sufficient calcium to maintain growth of the skeleton while excessively hard water is thought not to favour the best quality of coloration and finnage .
extremely soft water may not [have] sufficient calcium to maintain growth of the skeleton while excessively hard water is thought not to favour the best quality of coloration and finnage .

Later-life marriages are often relationships which contain within them intense feelings , whether of warmth , companionship and expression of sexuality , or of ambivalence contained for years ( Hemmings , 1985 ) .
later-life marriages are often relationships which [have] within them intense feelings , whether of warmth , companionship and expression of sexuality , or of ambivalence contained for years ( hemmings , 1985 ) .

Most economies contain regional disparities — claims about a North-South divide in Britain are contrasted with a South-North divide in Italy , where the South is relatively less prosperous than the North .
most economies [have] regional disparities — claims about a north-south divide in britain are contrasted with a south-north divide in italy , where the south is relatively less prosperous than the north .

Charlotte could n't contain her delight .
charlotte could n't [have] her delight .

Overcoming this Catch 22 has cost modern fusion research billions of dollars so far , using arrays of magnets as big as houses in order to contain the fuel at temperatures ten times hotter even than those in the centre of the Sun , and making it dense enough and stable enough that a self-sustaining reaction can occur .
overcoming this catch 22 has cost modern fusion research billions of dollars so far , using arrays of magnets as big as houses in order to [have] the fuel at temperatures ten times hotter even than those in the centre of the sun , and making it dense enough and stable enough that a self-sustaining reaction can occur .

It is this that bears on my father 's second question-how to contain the uncontainable : producing these extremes and then controlling and containing them are the problems .
it is this that bears on my father 's second question-how to [have] the uncontainable : producing these extremes and then controlling and containing them are the problems .

Wright confessed : ‘ When the ball goes in like that it 's hard to contain yourself .
wright confessed : ‘ when the ball goes in like that it 's hard to [have] yourself .

Branfoot , greeted by the now familiar chorus of jeers and an assortment of banners demanding his resignation , could scarcely contain his delight at Monkou 's performance .
branfoot , greeted by the now familiar chorus of jeers and an assortment of banners demanding his resignation , could scarcely [have] his delight at monkou 's performance .

An apparently unimportant meeting or incident in the first half of the month or around the 27th may well contain the seeds of something far greater .
an apparently unimportant meeting or incident in the first half of the month or around the 27th may well [have] the seeds of something far greater .

They are ideal for weight-watchers , since oranges and most soft citrus fruits contain only 35 calories per 100g ( 3½ oz ) .
they are ideal for weight-watchers , since oranges and most soft citrus fruits [have] only 35 calories per 100g ( 3½ oz ) .

Although most foods contain potassium , especially potatoes and green vegetables , it has been shown that a high proportion of elderly people select a diet low in potassium ( Davies , 1981 ) .
although most foods [have] potassium , especially potatoes and green vegetables , it has been shown that a high proportion of elderly people select a diet low in potassium ( davies , 1981 ) .

However , such secretions also contain important ions which are essential for the normal functioning of the body .
however , such secretions also [have] important ions which are essential for the normal functioning of the body .

They all contain a source of sodium ions and chloride ions , mainly in the form of common salt .
they all [have] a source of sodium ions and chloride ions , mainly in the form of common salt .

Many of them contain basic ( alkaline ) salts , such as sodium bicarbonate or trisodium citrate .
many of them [have] basic ( alkaline ) salts , such as sodium bicarbonate or trisodium citrate .

Many contain potassium salts to counteract the loss of potassium ions from the body during diarrhoea .
many [have] potassium salts to counteract the loss of potassium ions from the body during diarrhoea .

Three reasons were given to explain the observation that samples of lobon-gur mixture from Phase 1 unions were less likely to contain dangerously high amounts of salt than samples from Phase 2 unions .
three reasons were given to explain the observation that samples of lobon-gur mixture from phase 1 unions were less likely to [have] dangerously high amounts of salt than samples from phase 2 unions .

another Big Bang The crucial question here is this : how much matter does the Universe contain ?
another big bang the crucial question here is this : how much matter does the universe [have] ?

All models inevitably contain values of what is good and bad , right and wrong .
all models inevitably [have] values of what is good and bad , right and wrong .

However , what you should always remember is that the picture must contain a reasonable amount of detail if it is not to look dull .
however , what you should always remember is that the picture must [have] a reasonable amount of detail if it is not to look dull .

Victorian lockets look beautiful if they contain a tiny flower arrangement instead of a photograph , and if you are lucky enough to find a fob watch that no longer works you can transform it into a stunning and unusual frame for a miniature flower design .
victorian lockets look beautiful if they [have] a tiny flower arrangement instead of a photograph , and if you are lucky enough to find a fob watch that no longer works you can transform it into a stunning and unusual frame for a miniature flower design .

She has now collected about nine or ten of my pictures , all of which contain some yellow roses , and has grouped them together beautifully in a small alcove .
she has now collected about nine or ten of my pictures , all of which [have] some yellow roses , and has grouped them together beautifully in a small alcove .

There was no immediate comment from Chancellor Helmut Kohl 's government , which has been accused of not trying hard enough to contain the wave of Right-wing violence .
there was no immediate comment from chancellor helmut kohl 's government , which has been accused of not trying hard enough to [have] the wave of right-wing violence .

While the onus is on the defence , most police officers ’ statements contain the question ‘ Are you insured to drive this motor vehicle ? ’ In the cases where an expired insurance certificate is produced a question such as ‘ have you any other insurance for this motor vehicle ? ’ is advisable .
while the onus is on the defence , most police officers ’ statements [have] the question ‘ are you insured to drive this motor vehicle ? ’ in the cases where an expired insurance certificate is produced a question such as ‘ have you any other insurance for this motor vehicle ? ’ is advisable .

The statement made by the victim should also contain a description of the injury ,
the statement made by the victim should also [have] a description of the injury ,

‘ did loiter ( or solicit ) ’ Two police officers will keep observations for prostitutes and to prove this point their evidence should contain words to the effect that ‘ the accused walked slowly up and down High Street five times stopping and talking to several men .
‘ did loiter ( or solicit ) ’ two police officers will keep observations for prostitutes and to prove this point their evidence should [have] words to the effect that ‘ the accused walked slowly up and down high street five times stopping and talking to several men .

Certainly they contain similar sayings and illustrations .
certainly they [have] similar sayings and illustrations .

The cure of the enfeebled woman and the healing of the man with dropsy both contain the clearest evidence against the taking of the Sabbath law too far .
the cure of the enfeebled woman and the healing of the man with dropsy both [have] the clearest evidence against the taking of the sabbath law too far .

But what they felt was too big for one flower to contain .
but what they felt was too big for one flower to [have] .

‘ Sometimes they say the Ships will contain friendly people — ‘
‘ sometimes they say the ships will [have] friendly people — ‘

‘ — and sometimes they say they will contain monsters with wavy tentacles and big teeth . ’
‘ — and sometimes they say they will [have] monsters with wavy tentacles and big teeth . ’

All stressed solids thus contain strain energy and this strain energy can be converted by one means or another into any of the other forms of energy .
all stressed solids thus [have] strain energy and this strain energy can be converted by one means or another into any of the other forms of energy .

Tough non-metallic materials often contain interfaces or planes of weakness within the materials and many of them are heterogeneous , that is to say they consist of two or more constituents , such as fibre and resin .
tough non-metallic materials often [have] interfaces or planes of weakness within the materials and many of them are heterogeneous , that is to say they consist of two or more constituents , such as fibre and resin .

All the more advanced plants contain hollow , elongated , spindle-shaped cells ( Plate 13 ) whose walls are made largely of cellulose .
all the more advanced plants [have] hollow , elongated , spindle-shaped cells ( plate 13 ) whose walls are made largely of cellulose .

Some tropical woods such as teak and green-heart contain small amounts of toxic chemicals and also of silica .
some tropical woods such as teak and green-heart [have] small amounts of toxic chemicals and also of silica .

Remedies which contain decongestants may help to clear a stuffy nose but inhaling the vapour from a bowl of hot water is just as effective .
remedies which [have] decongestants may help to clear a stuffy nose but inhaling the vapour from a bowl of hot water is just as effective .

The crystals made for Superman are down at £800-£1,200 — but , as every film buff knows , they do contain the accumulated knowledge of 28 galaxies .
the crystals made for superman are down at £800-£1,200 — but , as every film buff knows , they do [have] the accumulated knowledge of 28 galaxies .

‘ But Teams who used to come here expecting to win are happy to contain us these days , and that 's a huge compliment to Norwich . ’
‘ but teams who used to come here expecting to win are happy to [have] us these days , and that 's a huge compliment to norwich . ’

Forest created a succession of chances after the break as Tottenham struggled to contain Keane , who shot wide after being put through by Neil Webb in the 50th minute .
forest created a succession of chances after the break as tottenham struggled to [have] keane , who shot wide after being put through by neil webb in the 50th minute .

Understandably , Kendall could hardly contain himself , but it was nothing compared to the way he celebrated Peter Beardsley 's winner six minutes from the end .
understandably , kendall could hardly [have] himself , but it was nothing compared to the way he celebrated peter beardsley 's winner six minutes from the end .

Little surprise then that when substitute Walters , who ignited a wonderful game with a superb goal , scored the winner six minutes from time , Souness could not contain himself .
little surprise then that when substitute walters , who ignited a wonderful game with a superb goal , scored the winner six minutes from time , souness could not [have] himself .

Interim results rarely contain reports from auditors , except when the figures need to be audited because of a major transaction or flotation .
interim results rarely [have] reports from auditors , except when the figures need to be audited because of a major transaction or flotation .

‘ We 're just trying to contain the market at the moment — at least until we 've got the capacity to deal with the demand .
‘ we 're just trying to [have] the market at the moment — at least until we 've got the capacity to deal with the demand .

Under the proposed new arrangements , booklets issued for the remainder of 1992/93 will contain only enough payslips to take employers to the end of the deduction year , and they will be accompanied by an explanatory leaflet .
under the proposed new arrangements , booklets issued for the remainder of 1992/93 will [have] only enough payslips to take employers to the end of the deduction year , and they will be accompanied by an explanatory leaflet .

The exceptions are their use of a narrow category of supremely confidential information ; and ( much more likely and practical ) where their contracts of employment contain enforceable restraint clauses .
the exceptions are their use of a narrow category of supremely confidential information ; and ( much more likely and practical ) where their contracts of employment [have] enforceable restraint clauses .

In addition , there may well be a requirement that any sub-letting is to be at not less than the rent in the lease , and that any sub-lease is to contain similar rent reviews to those in the lease .
in addition , there may well be a requirement that any sub-letting is to be at not less than the rent in the lease , and that any sub-lease is to [have] similar rent reviews to those in the lease .

Ss 4 and 5 contain provisions under which a charity can be required to change its name if it is too much like another 's , or is misleading in other ways .
ss 4 and 5 [have] provisions under which a charity can be required to change its name if it is too much like another 's , or is misleading in other ways .

Each Chakra appears to have a corresponding nerve plexus ( bundles of nerve tissue which control respective areas of the body and the internal organs they contain ) .
each chakra appears to have a corresponding nerve plexus ( bundles of nerve tissue which control respective areas of the body and the internal organs they [have] ) .

The piece of stone or the log of wood selected is treated in an elaborate manner in order to divest it of its inert nature and to infuse into it the power to contain the divine image .
the piece of stone or the log of wood selected is treated in an elaborate manner in order to divest it of its inert nature and to infuse into it the power to [have] the divine image .

It will contain the thoughts and emotional imprints of the person .
it will [have] the thoughts and emotional imprints of the person .

Consequently , enterprises are seen to be like the machines they contain and people have to relate to them accordingly .
consequently , enterprises are seen to be like the machines they [have] and people have to relate to them accordingly .

The proposal must also contain details of the debtor 's assets and liabilities ; the duration of the arrangement ; and when distributions are to be made to creditors , with estimates of amounts .
the proposal must also [have] details of the debtor 's assets and liabilities ; the duration of the arrangement ; and when distributions are to be made to creditors , with estimates of amounts .

The Act , it envisages , would contain provisions dealing with employees ' contractual rights ; the use of surpluses ; the necessity to maintain proper accounting records , file annual accounts and establish effective internal controls ; and an employer 's legal responsibility to fund a deficit and , in the event of the employer 's winding-up , for any deficit to be a priority debt on the company .
the act , it envisages , would [have] provisions dealing with employees ' contractual rights ; the use of surpluses ; the necessity to maintain proper accounting records , file annual accounts and establish effective internal controls ; and an employer 's legal responsibility to fund a deficit and , in the event of the employer 's winding-up , for any deficit to be a priority debt on the company .

Capital instruments should be classified as liabilities if they contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits ( including a contingent obligation to transfer economic benefits ) .
capital instruments should be classified as liabilities if they [have] an obligation to transfer economic benefits ( including a contingent obligation to transfer economic benefits ) .

Capital instruments which do not contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits should be reported within shareholders ' funds .
capital instruments which do not [have] an obligation to transfer economic benefits should be reported within shareholders ' funds .

Financial statements , or the notes thereto , should contain an analysis of the maturity of debt showing amounts falling due :
financial statements , or the notes thereto , should [have] an analysis of the maturity of debt showing amounts falling due :

For example , a warrant will usually not be a liability as it does not contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits .
for example , a warrant will usually not be a liability as it does not [have] an obligation to transfer economic benefits .

Nonetheless , the requirement to classify capital instruments according to whether they contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits does not apply to shares issued by the reporting company .
nonetheless , the requirement to classify capital instruments according to whether they [have] an obligation to transfer economic benefits does not apply to shares issued by the reporting company .

As an alternative to the premium put structure discussed above , convertible debt may contain an undertaking that the interest will be increased at a date in the future .
as an alternative to the premium put structure discussed above , convertible debt may [have] an undertaking that the interest will be increased at a date in the future .

It is clear that deep discount bonds represent liabilities of the issuer since they contain an obligation to make cash payments .
it is clear that deep discount bonds represent liabilities of the issuer since they [have] an obligation to make cash payments .

The next six pages contain the most comprehensive listings of running shoes available .
the next six pages [have] the most comprehensive listings of running shoes available .

It was a cruel , tactless thing to say and she could have bitten out her tongue the second the words were spoken , but the excitement bubbling inside her was too much to contain .
it was a cruel , tactless thing to say and she could have bitten out her tongue the second the words were spoken , but the excitement bubbling inside her was too much to [have] .

She held her arms across her aching breasts so tightly that her fingers dug into her flesh , but whether in an effort to contain herself or as a substitute for someone else 's embrace , she did n't know .
she held her arms across her aching breasts so tightly that her fingers dug into her flesh , but whether in an effort to [have] herself or as a substitute for someone else 's embrace , she did n't know .

The planting medium should contain a good amount of humus .
the planting medium should [have] a good amount of humus .

The growing medium should contain some organic humus .
the growing medium should [have] some organic humus .

The tank bottom should contain some clay or mud with small particles of rock or shingle .
the tank bottom should [have] some clay or mud with small particles of rock or shingle .

The ideal growing medium for this species would contain substantial quantities of organic detritus and mud or clay .
the ideal growing medium for this species would [have] substantial quantities of organic detritus and mud or clay .

This will reduce excessive root-spread and will contain the plant , thus providing a specimen of an attractive size .
this will reduce excessive root-spread and will [have] the plant , thus providing a specimen of an attractive size .

The water should contain nutrient matter .
the water should [have] nutrient matter .

John Berger has noticed that his drawings — and later his paintings — contain in their ink , their crayon , their pigment , what he calls ‘ the labour of being ’ of what they depict .
john berger has noticed that his drawings — and later his paintings — [have] in their ink , their crayon , their pigment , what he calls ‘ the labour of being ’ of what they depict .

Babies eat larger amounts of fruit and vegetables than adults , weight for weight , so if they contain pesticide residues , infants will consume proportionately more .
babies eat larger amounts of fruit and vegetables than adults , weight for weight , so if they [have] pesticide residues , infants will consume proportionately more .

Viewfinders also commonly contain displays of useful information such as the state of the battery and the mode of operation in use .
viewfinders also commonly [have] displays of useful information such as the state of the battery and the mode of operation in use .

Although you could re-use the tape for another recording , you may decide to keep it : it 's surprising how even the most unambitious personal video recordings often contain scenes , or just brief moments , which are worth preserving .
although you could re-use the tape for another recording , you may decide to keep it : it 's surprising how even the most unambitious personal video recordings often [have] scenes , or just brief moments , which are worth preserving .

In general , long shots run for longer than close-ups because they contain more information for the eye to take in , and an average length might be ten to fifteen seconds .
in general , long shots run for longer than close-ups because they [have] more information for the eye to take in , and an average length might be ten to fifteen seconds .

At the other end of the scale , the most rambling and unplanned holiday and family videos can be edited into quite watchable movies provided that they contain material which can be re-ordered into some semblance of continuity .
at the other end of the scale , the most rambling and unplanned holiday and family videos can be edited into quite watchable movies provided that they [have] material which can be re-ordered into some semblance of continuity .

Keep the content of each effect simple — do not allow it to contain too many different elements at once .
keep the content of each effect simple — do not allow it to [have] too many different elements at once .

Bear in mind that your video tapes may contain audio material which can be copied onto sound tapes to add to your effects library .
bear in mind that your video tapes may [have] audio material which can be copied onto sound tapes to add to your effects library .

Capital instruments should be classified as liabilities if they contain an obligation to transfer cash or other resources .
capital instruments should be classified as liabilities if they [have] an obligation to transfer cash or other resources .

For example , parts of a report on one medium-sized company in the plastics industry may contain data relevant to your report on the industry , and creative swiping is common in business , provided your report is internal .
for example , parts of a report on one medium-sized company in the plastics industry may [have] data relevant to your report on the industry , and creative swiping is common in business , provided your report is internal .

Frequently recurring criticisms of the contracts are that they are of up to nine years ' duration , they contain hidden annual increases , that the costs of settling old agreements are added to the undisclosed capital value of new equipment , and that the total cost of a contract is not disclosed .
frequently recurring criticisms of the contracts are that they are of up to nine years ' duration , they [have] hidden annual increases , that the costs of settling old agreements are added to the undisclosed capital value of new equipment , and that the total cost of a contract is not disclosed .

It was reasonable in the circumstance for the inspector to believe the information required might contain details of possible tax liabilities .
it was reasonable in the circumstance for the inspector to believe the information required might [have] details of possible tax liabilities .

By 1999 , Brussels ' coffers will contain £64.4 billion a year .
by 1999 , brussels ' coffers will [have] £64.4 billion a year .

Sales of the product , whose yellow capsules contain natural minerals and vitamins to alleviate ailments ranging from pre-menstrual tension to lack of energy , have crashed by 30 % to £1.9m .
sales of the product , whose yellow capsules [have] natural minerals and vitamins to alleviate ailments ranging from pre-menstrual tension to lack of energy , have crashed by 30 % to £1.9m .

If it fails to contain a panacea we will be back into Europe with the begging bowl .
if it fails to [have] a panacea we will be back into europe with the begging bowl .

Nest egg : Should it contain currency ?
nest egg : should it [have] currency ?

The coins are legal tender but are traded for the value of the precious metal they contain , rather than their nominal face values .
the coins are legal tender but are traded for the value of the precious metal they [have] , rather than their nominal face values .

She must therefore establish with the client whether those later accounts contain similar items to those challenged for previous years .
she must therefore establish with the client whether those later accounts [have] similar items to those challenged for previous years .

The major points of difference between the proposed Statement of Auditing Standards and the existing standard are that : auditors ' reports would contain brief descriptions of the respective responsibilities of directors and auditors , and would indicate the basis of the opinion expressed and include a description of the key features of the audit process ; auditors would no longer issue qualified reports solely as a result of uncertainties which can not be resolved at the date the financial statements are approved ( ‘ inherent uncertainties ’ ) .
the major points of difference between the proposed statement of auditing standards and the existing standard are that : auditors ' reports would [have] brief descriptions of the respective responsibilities of directors and auditors , and would indicate the basis of the opinion expressed and include a description of the key features of the audit process ; auditors would no longer issue qualified reports solely as a result of uncertainties which can not be resolved at the date the financial statements are approved ( ‘ inherent uncertainties ’ ) .

The amendments also contain changes to the de minimis interest to be paid on clients ' money .
the amendments also [have] changes to the de minimis interest to be paid on clients ' money .

It is the case that typical households in the later part of the twentieth century are much less likely than they were in earlier times to contain anyone other than the conjugal family .
it is the case that typical households in the later part of the twentieth century are much less likely than they were in earlier times to [have] anyone other than the conjugal family .

They sometimes contain concrete examples of changes which need to be made .
they sometimes [have] concrete examples of changes which need to be made .

Untreated tomato seedlings ( line 1 ) contain negligible pin activity and the chymotrypsin is not inhibited .
untreated tomato seedlings ( line 1 ) [have] negligible pin activity and the chymotrypsin is not inhibited .

Interestingly , both genes contain a paired box and share homology with pax [ b ] .
interestingly , both genes [have] a paired box and share homology with pax [ b ] .

The crystals contain two sCD2 molecules per asymmetric unit ( 60 % crystal solvent content ) .
the crystals [have] two scd2 molecules per asymmetric unit ( 60 % crystal solvent content ) .

The reason for this was that the nominally dry samples were not oven-dried and would contain small amounts of remaining pore fluids .
the reason for this was that the nominally dry samples were not oven-dried and would [have] small amounts of remaining pore fluids .

The unbioturbated shales contain rhythmites including seasonal varves .
the unbioturbated shales [have] rhythmites including seasonal varves .

Roughly half of all disk galaxies contain a bar , an elongated distribution of stars whose longest axis lies in the plane of the disk ( Fig .
roughly half of all disk galaxies [have] a bar , an elongated distribution of stars whose longest axis lies in the plane of the disk ( fig .

, Mean relative tail lengths of the species with the longest streamer tail ( pintail or deep fork ) and graduated tail in each of the seven families that contain both long tail types ( Psittacidae , Caprimulgidae , Trochilidae , Tyrannidae , Monarchidae , Ploceidae and Paradisaeidae ) .
, mean relative tail lengths of the species with the longest streamer tail ( pintail or deep fork ) and graduated tail in each of the seven families that [have] both long tail types ( psittacidae , caprimulgidae , trochilidae , tyrannidae , monarchidae , ploceidae and paradisaeidae ) .

Optimality models do not contain specific genetic parameters , and instead specify the life history that gives the greatest fitness , within the intrinsic constraints of physiology and the extrinsic constraints imposed by the environment .
optimality models do not [have] specific genetic parameters , and instead specify the life history that gives the greatest fitness , within the intrinsic constraints of physiology and the extrinsic constraints imposed by the environment .

All the agreements contain plenty of get-out clauses for the Community .
all the agreements [have] plenty of get-out clauses for the community .

It needs a shake-out of its two main political parties , because both New Democracy and the Socialists contain people who are not truly interested in the building of a modern society and an efficient economy .
it needs a shake-out of its two main political parties , because both new democracy and the socialists [have] people who are not truly interested in the building of a modern society and an efficient economy .

Within these figures there have been peaks as high as 51,000 , necessitating the short-term use of military camps to contain the new army of prisoners .
within these figures there have been peaks as high as 51,000 , necessitating the short-term use of military camps to [have] the new army of prisoners .

Drugs are equally problematic and with ‘ open ’ visits are almost impossible to contain .
drugs are equally problematic and with ‘ open ’ visits are almost impossible to [have] .

Section by section it was being revised in the commissions and then approved during the general congregations — despite last-minute attempts to modify it to contain an explicit condemnation of communism .
section by section it was being revised in the commissions and then approved during the general congregations — despite last-minute attempts to modify it to [have] an explicit condemnation of communism .

The more dogmatic statements were surely ventured upon chiefly for pastoral purposes , while the more pastoral initiatives invariably contain within them very considerable theological presuppositions .
the more dogmatic statements were surely ventured upon chiefly for pastoral purposes , while the more pastoral initiatives invariably [have] within them very considerable theological presuppositions .

The second type is that of rather specific passages which contain a recognizable shift on pre-conciliar teaching .
the second type is that of rather specific passages which [have] a recognizable shift on pre-conciliar teaching .

( The scene was surveyed regularly in Concilium : during the years 1965–72 , when its issues were arranged in volumes , the successive parts of volume 1 ( Dogma ) and volume 10 ( Scripture ) contain many valuable articles . )
( the scene was surveyed regularly in concilium : during the years 1965–72 , when its issues were arranged in volumes , the successive parts of volume 1 ( dogma ) and volume 10 ( scripture ) [have] many valuable articles . )

The best that we seem to be able to say is that biological and psychological categories have tended to contain only a very small minority of offenders ( as well as a significant proportion of non-offenders ) , while sociological categories have contained a large majority of non-offenders ( and by no means all offenders ) .
the best that we seem to be able to say is that biological and psychological categories have tended to [have] only a very small minority of offenders ( as well as a significant proportion of non-offenders ) , while sociological categories have contained a large majority of non-offenders ( and by no means all offenders ) .

Reluctant to refuse , Bloxham went in search of something to contain the carcass .
reluctant to refuse , bloxham went in search of something to [have] the carcass .

Great success , such as that of the Daily Express at its peak ( around 1960 ) , might contain the seeds of decline .
great success , such as that of the daily express at its peak ( around 1960 ) , might [have] the seeds of decline .

Further galleries contain showcases devoted to particular religions and also to themes running across most religions , such as monasticism and the after-life .
further galleries [have] showcases devoted to particular religions and also to themes running across most religions , such as monasticism and the after-life .

The musings of a man as witty and erudite as Mr Moynihan contain many plums .
the musings of a man as witty and erudite as mr moynihan [have] many plums .

The Conservatives ' best hope for the county council elections , held on the same day , was to contain losses .
the conservatives ' best hope for the county council elections , held on the same day , was to [have] losses .

All three excuses , almost a creed for the nomenklatura , contain some truth .
all three excuses , almost a creed for the nomenklatura , [have] some truth .

Some sonnets contain no pronouns at all ; others do not refer to the poet 's relationship with either party , But the absence of pronouns is not in itself proof of the absence of a relationship .
some sonnets [have] no pronouns at all ; others do not refer to the poet 's relationship with either party , but the absence of pronouns is not in itself proof of the absence of a relationship .

The sonnets to the Friend , by contrast , elicit warmth in us by the warmth that they contain .
the sonnets to the friend , by contrast , elicit warmth in us by the warmth that they [have] .

Yet it will be hard to contain it for ever .
yet it will be hard to [have] it for ever .

The drawbacks would be mainly administrative : how to ensure that products really did contain as much recycled material as was claimed — and how to apply the scheme to imports .
the drawbacks would be mainly administrative : how to ensure that products really did [have] as much recycled material as was claimed — and how to apply the scheme to imports .

The bombs in today 's stockpiles contain almost pure Pu .
the bombs in today 's stockpiles [have] almost pure pu .

Even so , their threats contain a measure of bluster .
even so , their threats [have] a measure of bluster .

They contain endlessly frustrated plantation slaves who are rebellious at assessments and in encounters with professionals , but whose views only reach daylight in fragmented and unvalidated form ; and they contain house slaves who agree with everything that goes on and use ‘ massa 's ’ language and concepts , but who believe something else all the time and are waiting for the day .
they [have] endlessly frustrated plantation slaves who are rebellious at assessments and in encounters with professionals , but whose views only reach daylight in fragmented and unvalidated form ; and they [have] house slaves who agree with everything that goes on and use ‘ massa 's ’ language and concepts , but who believe something else all the time and are waiting for the day .

She reported on his ‘ good imagination , something which shows up particularly in his drawings which always contain fine detail , .
she reported on his ‘ good imagination , something which shows up particularly in his drawings which always [have] fine detail , .

Usually it all comes down to one solution — more money — and when that has been arranged , the battle with the builders is re-arranged to contain the damage .
usually it all comes down to one solution — more money — and when that has been arranged , the battle with the builders is re-arranged to [have] the damage .

It 's no secret that those guerrilla bands contain a fair proportion of characters who are just as undesirable as the dictatorial governments they 're supposed to be fighting and who would have no hesitation in disposing of those $ 60,000 missiles , at a fraction of their cost , to any passing terrorists who , in turn , would have no hesitation in loosing off one of those missiles at a passing Boeing 747 , preferably one packed with five hundred American citizens .
it 's no secret that those guerrilla bands [have] a fair proportion of characters who are just as undesirable as the dictatorial governments they 're supposed to be fighting and who would have no hesitation in disposing of those $ 60,000 missiles , at a fraction of their cost , to any passing terrorists who , in turn , would have no hesitation in loosing off one of those missiles at a passing boeing 747 , preferably one packed with five hundred american citizens .

Third , the book does not contain a compendium of specific advice about how to deal with the realities of classroom life .
third , the book does not [have] a compendium of specific advice about how to deal with the realities of classroom life .

( The fear looms that the all-important reference might then contain sentences like ‘ However Miss Smith is prone to emotional displays , and to occasional lapses of judgement ’ — as if there were people who were n't . )
( the fear looms that the all-important reference might then [have] sentences like ‘ however miss smith is prone to emotional displays , and to occasional lapses of judgement ’ — as if there were people who were n't . )

If the tension is sufficient it will contain some part of the problem , whilst also ensuring that it will balloon out somewhere else .
if the tension is sufficient it will [have] some part of the problem , whilst also ensuring that it will balloon out somewhere else .

Let us suppose one were selecting an exhibition of Victorian painting , an exhibition one hoped would contain the most beautiful and important works of art painted in Britain during Queen Victoria 's reign , 1837–1901 .
let us suppose one were selecting an exhibition of victorian painting , an exhibition one hoped would [have] the most beautiful and important works of art painted in britain during queen victoria 's reign , 1837–1901 .

We can , therefore , define mental phenomena by saying that they are those phenomena which contain an object intentionally within themselves .
we can , therefore , define mental phenomena by saying that they are those phenomena which [have] an object intentionally within themselves .

His letters contain the clearest indication of his procedure and intentions .
his letters [have] the clearest indication of his procedure and intentions .

He is the first historian who purports to give us the texts which Lanfranc had quoted in 1072- and , of course , they now contain the forged additions .
he is the first historian who purports to give us the texts which lanfranc had quoted in 1072- and , of course , they now [have] the forged additions .

Fortunately it was possible to contain the flames so that only the Redoutensaale , relatively uninteresting eighteenth-century reception rooms remodelled in the nineteenth century and latterly used for conferences , were destroyed .
fortunately it was possible to [have] the flames so that only the redoutensaale , relatively uninteresting eighteenth-century reception rooms remodelled in the nineteenth century and latterly used for conferences , were destroyed .

These new rooms , which the Italian architect Italo Rota , who has worked with Gae Aulenti in the past , has created in the east and west wings ( formerly occupied by offices , stores and conservation labs and whose interiors therefore no longer retained their historic features ) , and extensively renovated along the south wing , now contain 700 paintings and around one hundred pastels , cartoons and miniatures .
these new rooms , which the italian architect italo rota , who has worked with gae aulenti in the past , has created in the east and west wings ( formerly occupied by offices , stores and conservation labs and whose interiors therefore no longer retained their historic features ) , and extensively renovated along the south wing , now [have] 700 paintings and around one hundred pastels , cartoons and miniatures .

Star of the sale was undoubtedly the Venetian late sixteenth/early seventeenth-century rock crystal and silver gilt casket ( lot 15 ) , one of only ten of this type known and thought to have been used to contain christening linen blessed by the Pope .
star of the sale was undoubtedly the venetian late sixteenth/early seventeenth-century rock crystal and silver gilt casket ( lot 15 ) , one of only ten of this type known and thought to have been used to [have] christening linen blessed by the pope .

The exhibition will also contain a small group of Japanese pieces , including a six-fold Edo period paper screen decorated with eagles .
the exhibition will also [have] a small group of japanese pieces , including a six-fold edo period paper screen decorated with eagles .

The oriental forests also contain small creatures that perhaps give us a glimpse of the kind of animals that , 70 million years ago , led to the evolution of the first placental mammals and so to humans .
the oriental forests also [have] small creatures that perhaps give us a glimpse of the kind of animals that , 70 million years ago , led to the evolution of the first placental mammals and so to humans .

It represents all households which contain an elderly person .
it represents all households which [have] an elderly person .

As Figure 5.4 shows , for example , 6 per cent of elderly households include an elderly married couple with another adult , often a son or daughter who has never left the parental home , and 3 per cent contain two or more elderly , non-married people .
as figure 5.4 shows , for example , 6 per cent of elderly households include an elderly married couple with another adult , often a son or daughter who has never left the parental home , and 3 per cent [have] two or more elderly , non-married people .

While ‘ Shine On ’ has too many holes in it ( the exclusion of Syd 's ‘ Piper At The Gates Of Dawn ’ is a gaping omission ) to be considered a ‘ definitive ’ historical document of Pink Floyd , it does contain some quite magnificent state-of-the-art rock music .
while ‘ shine on ’ has too many holes in it ( the exclusion of syd 's ‘ piper at the gates of dawn ’ is a gaping omission ) to be considered a ‘ definitive ’ historical document of pink floyd , it does [have] some quite magnificent state-of-the-art rock music .

And how pathetically ironic that a bunch of Americans , who normally carp on about freedom of speech and the First Amendment , resort to crushing records which contain perfectly innocent torch songs when they defend to the hilt the right of misogynist swine like 2 Live Crew to peddle their filth with impunity .
and how pathetically ironic that a bunch of americans , who normally carp on about freedom of speech and the first amendment , resort to crushing records which [have] perfectly innocent torch songs when they defend to the hilt the right of misogynist swine like 2 live crew to peddle their filth with impunity .

Despite the masterpieces they contain , Italy 's museums are so uninviting and so often closed that they have very few visitors : only the Uffizi is over the one million mark ( 1,048,185 ) , with the Accademia in Venice at a mere 183,474 ( compared with the London National Gallery 's four million visitors ) .
despite the masterpieces they [have] , italy 's museums are so uninviting and so often closed that they have very few visitors : only the uffizi is over the one million mark ( 1,048,185 ) , with the accademia in venice at a mere 183,474 ( compared with the london national gallery 's four million visitors ) .

There are far too few illustrations for the size of the volume : ideally a dictionary of this size should contain many more , displayed in either date , alphabetical or country order , or perhaps in a comparative sequence .
there are far too few illustrations for the size of the volume : ideally a dictionary of this size should [have] many more , displayed in either date , alphabetical or country order , or perhaps in a comparative sequence .

What did Italy 's ransacked treasuries once contain ?
what did italy 's ransacked treasuries once [have] ?

‘ We were told just how important the target was as the Germans were desperately trying to contain the Anzio beachhead .
‘ we were told just how important the target was as the germans were desperately trying to [have] the anzio beachhead .

The outback is vast enough to contain several landscape types : stony desert , the Crocodile Dundee wetlands of the Top End , forest , high prairie , and hot red centre .
the outback is vast enough to [have] several landscape types : stony desert , the crocodile dundee wetlands of the top end , forest , high prairie , and hot red centre .

Enough there for a painting — but for the most part there is an awful lot of nothing and no canvas seems big enough to contain it .
enough there for a painting — but for the most part there is an awful lot of nothing and no canvas seems big enough to [have] it .

The two books contain units to match the corresponding Headway coursebooks , and a number of activities are derived from the coursebooks so as to maximize progress when the two are used in conjunction .
the two books [have] units to match the corresponding headway coursebooks , and a number of activities are derived from the coursebooks so as to maximize progress when the two are used in conjunction .

To keep up with the rapid advanced in computer technology , English for Computer Science — although only published in 1984 — has been completely revised and updated to contain up-to-the-minute information .
to keep up with the rapid advanced in computer technology , english for computer science — although only published in 1984 — has been completely revised and updated to [have] up-to-the-minute information .

These contain recordings of the songs and rhymes in the Pupil 's Books .
these [have] recordings of the songs and rhymes in the pupil 's books .

The Teacher 's Books also contain useful texts .
the teacher 's books also [have] useful texts .

Hand out the question papers from the convenient tear-off pads which contain 40 test papers each .
hand out the question papers from the convenient tear-off pads which [have] 40 test papers each .

These Teacher 's Extras contain more than four hundred ideas for communicative activities .
these teacher 's extras [have] more than four hundred ideas for communicative activities .

The Activity Books are fully illustrated and contain a wealth of material to ensure that the video is fully exploited for its language potential .
the activity books are fully illustrated and [have] a wealth of material to ensure that the video is fully exploited for its language potential .

The Video Guides contain detailed , step-by-step guidance for the teacher in using the video and the Activity Books .
the video guides [have] detailed , step-by-step guidance for the teacher in using the video and the activity books .

These booklets contain more than four hundred ideas for communicative activities , role plays and games which may be used in class to supplement the Streamline course work .
these booklets [have] more than four hundred ideas for communicative activities , role plays and games which may be used in class to supplement the streamline course work .

These contain eight projects and provide material for 100–120 hours ' teaching .
these [have] eight projects and provide material for 100–120 hours ' teaching .

These outline the methodology and contain detailed lesson plans .
these outline the methodology and [have] detailed lesson plans .

The Workbooks contain a wealth of additional exercises and practice material .
the workbooks [have] a wealth of additional exercises and practice material .

Grades 3–6 contain exercises at the end of each book to check comprehension .
grades 3–6 [have] exercises at the end of each book to check comprehension .

The strong , imaginative storylines contain the elements of fantasy and humour which appeal to this age group .
the strong , imaginative storylines [have] the elements of fantasy and humour which appeal to this age group .

There are a variety of exercises to check understanding at the back of each book and all the readers contain a picture dictionary , illustrating the words that appear in the stories .
there are a variety of exercises to check understanding at the back of each book and all the readers [have] a picture dictionary , illustrating the words that appear in the stories .

’ of the Word to man ; and also , following from these , the fact that no human speaking about God could directly or immediately express or contain the truth about him .
’ of the word to man ; and also , following from these , the fact that no human speaking about god could directly or immediately express or [have] the truth about him .

In spite of the millions of words they contain , and some noticeable shifts of emphasis over the years , the volumes of the Church Dogmatics are marked by an immense overall coherence and harmony .
in spite of the millions of words they [have] , and some noticeable shifts of emphasis over the years , the volumes of the church dogmatics are marked by an immense overall coherence and harmony .

These foods are prepared from the highest quality ingredients and contain all the nutrients and vitamins that fish require .
these foods are prepared from the highest quality ingredients and [have] all the nutrients and vitamins that fish require .

All of these types of gravel must be washed very thoroughly as they often contain lots of dust or other debris .
all of these types of gravel must be washed very thoroughly as they often [have] lots of dust or other debris .

Bogwood is semi-fossilised , and should not contain harmful substances , but it may stain the water dark brown .
bogwood is semi-fossilised , and should not [have] harmful substances , but it may stain the water dark brown .

Non-calcareous rock which does not contain calcium .
non-calcareous rock which does not [have] calcium .

Colour in fish is controlled by special skin cells called Chromatophores , which contain pigments .
colour in fish is controlled by special skin cells called chromatophores , which [have] pigments .

The first is inbuilt , or morphological colour , which depends on the number of chromatophores and the different pigments they contain .
the first is inbuilt , or morphological colour , which depends on the number of chromatophores and the different pigments they [have] .

Of these divisions only the gastropods and cephalopods contain predators and in terms of the home aquarium we only really need to consider gastropods as octopi and squid are so seldom offered on the hobbyist market .
of these divisions only the gastropods and cephalopods [have] predators and in terms of the home aquarium we only really need to consider gastropods as octopi and squid are so seldom offered on the hobbyist market .

Firstly , input at the next highest level need not only contain information at that level , since if the user understands the message then automatically the next stage is provided .
firstly , input at the next highest level need not only [have] information at that level , since if the user understands the message then automatically the next stage is provided .

In spoken language interpreting it is claimed that the interpreter has to improve his memory ability and his tolerance of lag and therefore , if the loop is used at all , it must contain information specifically coded to carry language markers .
in spoken language interpreting it is claimed that the interpreter has to improve his memory ability and his tolerance of lag and therefore , if the loop is used at all , it must [have] information specifically coded to carry language markers .

Take care not to draught-proof rooms too efficiently if they contain fuel-burning appliances , since lack of an adequate air supply could lead to inefficient combustion and a build-up of dangerous fumes .
take care not to draught-proof rooms too efficiently if they [have] fuel-burning appliances , since lack of an adequate air supply could lead to inefficient combustion and a build-up of dangerous fumes .

The new Building Regulations , which came into force in June , contain some new rules concerning the giving of notices at the various stages of building works .
the new building regulations , which came into force in june , [have] some new rules concerning the giving of notices at the various stages of building works .

What will the curriculum contain and who will determine its contents ?
what will the curriculum [have] and who will determine its contents ?

In all behavioural matters and indeed in many technical matters also it is important to avoid the impression that when operations in practice contain undesirable features not predicted by designers then the designers have made mistakes .
in all behavioural matters and indeed in many technical matters also it is important to avoid the impression that when operations in practice [have] undesirable features not predicted by designers then the designers have made mistakes .

Manuals which may contain maps , schematic diagrams and other materials warrant separate consideration .
manuals which may [have] maps , schematic diagrams and other materials warrant separate consideration .

In fact the picture is complete only in the sense that it contains the details which are relevant to his activity in that room , it certainly does not contain all the detail which is available to the senses .
in fact the picture is complete only in the sense that it contains the details which are relevant to his activity in that room , it certainly does not [have] all the detail which is available to the senses .

Having developed some interest on the basis of a necessarily brief advertisement a potential candidate can apply for further written details which should contain a comprehensive description of the job , the task and skill content , the responsibilities , the salary and the details of the organisation including its history and anticipated future , and an application form .
having developed some interest on the basis of a necessarily brief advertisement a potential candidate can apply for further written details which should [have] a comprehensive description of the job , the task and skill content , the responsibilities , the salary and the details of the organisation including its history and anticipated future , and an application form .

The succeeding frame might take up another topic or might contain answers and comments on questions posed on the previous one .
the succeeding frame might take up another topic or might [have] answers and comments on questions posed on the previous one .

‘ Secondly , we appreciate that this refocusing of urban programme resources will contain some new elements .
‘ secondly , we appreciate that this refocusing of urban programme resources will [have] some new elements .

Although the written text may be very general and refrain from referring either to men or women , the illustrations make a definite point for the majority contain male figures .
although the written text may be very general and refrain from referring either to men or women , the illustrations make a definite point for the majority [have] male figures .

In other words , without it one can not explain why at the present time there is a maldistribution of world wealth and income such that the countries of the Northern hemisphere contain only 25 per cent of the world 's population but obtain 80 per cent of the world 's income , while the countries of the South contain 75 per cent of the world 's population but obtain only 20 per cent of the world 's income .
in other words , without it one can not explain why at the present time there is a maldistribution of world wealth and income such that the countries of the northern hemisphere [have] only 25 per cent of the world 's population but obtain 80 per cent of the world 's income , while the countries of the south [have] 75 per cent of the world 's population but obtain only 20 per cent of the world 's income .

For example , although Rampton and Swann rely on public examinations , other studies have based their conclusions on a variety of other measures , including teacher assessments of reading or mathematics ; moreover , many of these tests are likely to contain cultural bias or be affected by the fact that they were administered by white teachers or researchers ( Hegarty and Lucas , 1979 ; Bagley , 1975 ) .
for example , although rampton and swann rely on public examinations , other studies have based their conclusions on a variety of other measures , including teacher assessments of reading or mathematics ; moreover , many of these tests are likely to [have] cultural bias or be affected by the fact that they were administered by white teachers or researchers ( hegarty and lucas , 1979 ; bagley , 1975 ) .

The lands around contain savage beasts , Orcs , and worse .
the lands around [have] savage beasts , orcs , and worse .

There are also three Kislevite vodka bottles , two of which contain Kislevite vodka , and one of which is actually a Potion of Disguise .
there are also three kislevite vodka bottles , two of which [have] kislevite vodka , and one of which is actually a potion of disguise .

The drawers of the desk are open , but contain only dust .
the drawers of the desk are open , but [have] only dust .

The eight shelves contain books under the following subjects : archaeology , history , genealogy , mythology , medicine ( including alchemy ) , Lustrian and New World exploration and geography , the histories and sagas of Chaos incursions , and a large number of works on theology , heresies , witch hunts and the like .
the eight shelves [have] books under the following subjects : archaeology , history , genealogy , mythology , medicine ( including alchemy ) , lustrian and new world exploration and geography , the histories and sagas of chaos incursions , and a large number of works on theology , heresies , witch hunts and the like .

three silver-banded , blue , fluted bottles which are very securely sealed and faintly magical ( Magical Sense can detect this ) each contain 1 pint of Daemon ichor .
three silver-banded , blue , fluted bottles which are very securely sealed and faintly magical ( magical sense can detect this ) each [have] 1 pint of daemon ichor .

As a result employers came to reappraise their previous strategy of attempting to contain unions by means of active opposition since that was more likely to result in increased government intervention to facilitate recognition .
as a result employers came to reappraise their previous strategy of attempting to [have] unions by means of active opposition since that was more likely to result in increased government intervention to facilitate recognition .

Even so , this did not provide sufficient manpower , together with that of France , to contain the German Army of millions of conscripted levies .
even so , this did not provide sufficient manpower , together with that of france , to [have] the german army of millions of conscripted levies .

Lay paths below the level of adjoining lawns , to make mowing easier , and contain flower bed soil with a stand-up edging , to prevent soil continually washing down on to the path .
lay paths below the level of adjoining lawns , to make mowing easier , and [have] flower bed soil with a stand-up edging , to prevent soil continually washing down on to the path .

Building Regulations contain strict fire prevention regulations , some of which refer to the treatment of surfaces to prevent fire spreading too rapidly .
building regulations [have] strict fire prevention regulations , some of which refer to the treatment of surfaces to prevent fire spreading too rapidly .

Anti-condensation and insulation paints contain minute glass spheres which make the surface of the paint warmer to the touch , and so less likely to encourage condensation to form on its surface .
anti-condensation and insulation paints [have] minute glass spheres which make the surface of the paint warmer to the touch , and so less likely to encourage condensation to form on its surface .

Selective weedkillers contain plant hormones that stimulate abnormal ( and fatal ) growth in certain types of plants .
selective weedkillers [have] plant hormones that stimulate abnormal ( and fatal ) growth in certain types of plants .

Under a dome with the modest diameter of 120 metres the complex was to contain various meeting halls with seating for from two to twelve thousand people .
under a dome with the modest diameter of 120 metres the complex was to [have] various meeting halls with seating for from two to twelve thousand people .

can be decoded for the values they contain and for the differences between what is said and what is implied .
can be decoded for the values they [have] and for the differences between what is said and what is implied .

Now , ten years later , the discovery of a body among the pinnacles and much lower on the ridge , the battered remains of a tent contain a handwritten notebook , promise to throw new light on the deaths of two of Britain 's most talented post-war mountaineers .
now , ten years later , the discovery of a body among the pinnacles and much lower on the ridge , the battered remains of a tent [have] a handwritten notebook , promise to throw new light on the deaths of two of britain 's most talented post-war mountaineers .

With capillary fittings you ca n't resolder a leaking joint because the pipe will contain some water , so remove the fitting using a blowtorch to melt the solder , and replace it with a compression joint .
with capillary fittings you ca n't resolder a leaking joint because the pipe will [have] some water , so remove the fitting using a blowtorch to melt the solder , and replace it with a compression joint .

Remember that the opportunist thief travels light , but your garden shed will probably contain all the tackle he needs to force an entry ( plus a ladder to reach inaccessible areas ) , so fit a good quality lock or padlock to your shed door , and put in window locks , or screw windows to the frame for maximum security .
remember that the opportunist thief travels light , but your garden shed will probably [have] all the tackle he needs to force an entry ( plus a ladder to reach inaccessible areas ) , so fit a good quality lock or padlock to your shed door , and put in window locks , or screw windows to the frame for maximum security .

New forms are created that can contain , cover , connect or protect ; the basket , the shawl , the rope and the tapestry are all examples of these .
new forms are created that can [have] , cover , connect or protect ; the basket , the shawl , the rope and the tapestry are all examples of these .

Such visions may have a sadness ingrained in them , for they can contain the knowledge of ends as well as beginnings .
such visions may have a sadness ingrained in them , for they can [have] the knowledge of ends as well as beginnings .

13.1 does not warrant that the Licensed Software will be error-free but if any copy of the Licensed Software is demonstrated to within 90 ( ninety ) days from the date of delivery to the end user to contain or have contained an error or malfunction , shall use all reasonable endeavours to correct such error or malfunction , or , as its option , to replace such copy of the Licensed Software free of charge , provided that :
13.1 does not warrant that the licensed software will be error-free but if any copy of the licensed software is demonstrated to within 90 ( ninety ) days from the date of delivery to the end user to [have] or have contained an error or malfunction , shall use all reasonable endeavours to correct such error or malfunction , or , as its option , to replace such copy of the licensed software free of charge , provided that :

These Student Disks may contain general exercises based on common language learning needs or may be customized according to 's identified market sector needs and/or according to clients ' particular syllabus or domain .
these student disks may [have] general exercises based on common language learning needs or may be customized according to 's identified market sector needs and/or according to clients ' particular syllabus or domain .

16.1 The Proprietor warrants that it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the Work ; that the Proprietor 's own contributions to the Work are original and contain no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements therein purporting to the facts are true .
16.1 the proprietor warrants that it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the work ; that the proprietor 's own contributions to the work are original and [have] no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements therein purporting to the facts are true .

The Authors jointly and severally warrant that the Company has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the Work ; that the Authors ' own contributions to the Work are original and contain no libellous , defamatory , obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter ; and that all statements therein purporting to be facts are true .
the authors jointly and severally warrant that the company has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the work ; that the authors ' own contributions to the work are original and [have] no libellous , defamatory , obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter ; and that all statements therein purporting to be facts are true .

15.1.1 it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the Work ; that the Authors ' own contributions to the Work are original and contain no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements therein purporting to be facts are true
15.1.1 it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the work ; that the authors ' own contributions to the work are original and [have] no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements therein purporting to be facts are true

Leaving aside publications in parts , which are a special problem , books which should contain advertisements can not be reckoned complete without them , so that , if they have been removed or discarded in a rebinding , the value suffers considerably , even though the text is perfect .
leaving aside publications in parts , which are a special problem , books which should [have] advertisements can not be reckoned complete without them , so that , if they have been removed or discarded in a rebinding , the value suffers considerably , even though the text is perfect .

Such units , consisting of a few closely related families , contain between a dozen and sixty individuals who live together and cultivate under the direction of their elder , whose chief responsibility is the allocation and control of arable land .
such units , consisting of a few closely related families , [have] between a dozen and sixty individuals who live together and cultivate under the direction of their elder , whose chief responsibility is the allocation and control of arable land .

There is a famous passage in which he invites us to acknowledge that it would be better that a world of which no one would ever be conscious should contain beautiful objects than that it should contain ugly objects .
there is a famous passage in which he invites us to acknowledge that it would be better that a world of which no one would ever be conscious should [have] beautiful objects than that it should [have] ugly objects .

When cleaning up faeces , urine or vomit , whether or not they contain blood , all open wounds or cuts should be covered with waterproof plasters and you should wear disposable gloves .
when cleaning up faeces , urine or vomit , whether or not they [have] blood , all open wounds or cuts should be covered with waterproof plasters and you should wear disposable gloves .

The surface of an ordinary playground can contain particles of strengthening materials that may , in strong sunlight , make it dazzling for children with photophobia .
the surface of an ordinary playground can [have] particles of strengthening materials that may , in strong sunlight , make it dazzling for children with photophobia .

This can be less stressful for the dog , because its stomach will probably contain food for a longer period .
this can be less stressful for the dog , because its stomach will probably [have] food for a longer period .

The evidence for this came from birds collected near the host 's nest , whose throats were often found to contain an egg .
the evidence for this came from birds collected near the host 's nest , whose throats were often found to [have] an egg .

The reason for this appears to be that the territories occupied by red-winged blackbirds in these marshes vary enormously in their quality , specifically in the amount of food they contain .
the reason for this appears to be that the territories occupied by red-winged blackbirds in these marshes vary enormously in their quality , specifically in the amount of food they [have] .

The eggs of most species are small , and although they do not contain a large supply of nutrients they remain viable for years at a time , mainly because the tiny embryo is in a resting state .
the eggs of most species are small , and although they do not [have] a large supply of nutrients they remain viable for years at a time , mainly because the tiny embryo is in a resting state .

The amphibians — frogs , toads and salamanders — contain several poisonous species but no actively venomous ones .
the amphibians — frogs , toads and salamanders — [have] several poisonous species but no actively venomous ones .

Their large , fat tails contain food reserves , utilised when feeding conditions are poor .
their large , fat tails [have] food reserves , utilised when feeding conditions are poor .

Certain snake venoms contain a mixture of both substances .
certain snake venoms [have] a mixture of both substances .

In addition to their wild natural beauty , the moors contain interesting ancient relics and sites that are well worth investigating .
in addition to their wild natural beauty , the moors [have] interesting ancient relics and sites that are well worth investigating .

The fields and woods contain squirrels , badgers and red deer .
the fields and woods [have] squirrels , badgers and red deer .

The gardens at Dalemain , developed over the centuries from a medieval herb garden , contain many unusual plants and shrubs and a wide variety of roses .
the gardens at dalemain , developed over the centuries from a medieval herb garden , [have] many unusual plants and shrubs and a wide variety of roses .

In contrast the Pacific , being so huge , and travelled across by aircraft that tend ( at least for now ) to fly principally between East and West and back again , manages to contain its major routes within a few distinct bands .
in contrast the pacific , being so huge , and travelled across by aircraft that tend ( at least for now ) to fly principally between east and west and back again , manages to [have] its major routes within a few distinct bands .

There are lesser seas which must also be included , in particular the fifteen around the islands of the East Indian archipelago : the Sulu , Celebes and Molucca Seas , the Gulf of Tomini , the Halmahera , Ceram , Banda , Arafura ( which may or may not contain the Gulf of Carpentaria , depending on which atlas is used ) , Timor and Flores Seas , the Gulf of Boni , the Bali Sea , the Makassar Strait , the Java and Savu Seas ; and there is the Gulf of Thailand , the Strait of Malacca , the Singapore Strait and the Inland Sea of Japan .
there are lesser seas which must also be included , in particular the fifteen around the islands of the east indian archipelago : the sulu , celebes and molucca seas , the gulf of tomini , the halmahera , ceram , banda , arafura ( which may or may not [have] the gulf of carpentaria , depending on which atlas is used ) , timor and flores seas , the gulf of boni , the bali sea , the makassar strait , the java and savu seas ; and there is the gulf of thailand , the strait of malacca , the singapore strait and the inland sea of japan .

Indeed , a Marine must needs become gigantic to contain within himself how did the litany run ?
indeed , a marine must needs become gigantic to [have] within himself how did the litany run ?

He felt weak and drew his knees up to his chest to contain his body warmth .
he felt weak and drew his knees up to his chest to [have] his body warmth .

Our present theories contain a number of quantities , like the size of the electric charge on a particle .
our present theories [have] a number of quantities , like the size of the electric charge on a particle .

This theory does not contain any numbers whose values can be adjusted .
this theory does not [have] any numbers whose values can be adjusted .

There can be baby universes that contain only a few particles .
there can be baby universes that [have] only a few particles .

It 's an appealing notion , that animals should contain the souls of gods .
it 's an appealing notion , that animals should [have] the souls of gods .

She had not expected his mind to contain this kind of landscape .
she had not expected his mind to [have] this kind of landscape .

Retailers incur fixed costs , many of which contain a sunk element , for example fixtures and fittings .
retailers incur fixed costs , many of which [have] a sunk element , for example fixtures and fittings .

When the objectives of the analysis are clearer , a selective transcription will be more useful than a detailed one , which is at that later stage of the research likely to contain much unwanted information .
when the objectives of the analysis are clearer , a selective transcription will be more useful than a detailed one , which is at that later stage of the research likely to [have] much unwanted information .

First , the areal units used often contain substantial towns within their borders , and second , the annual and monthly data collected by the Department of Employment only record ‘ employees in employment ’ .
first , the areal units used often [have] substantial towns within their borders , and second , the annual and monthly data collected by the department of employment only record ‘ employees in employment ’ .

Within the National Parks , all land use surveys have shown how their landscapes have been much altered in recent years by the advance of agriculture and forestry ( Leonard , 1980 ) although as Table 8.2 shows , both National Parks and Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONBs ) still contain very few urban areas ( Anderson , 1980 ) .
within the national parks , all land use surveys have shown how their landscapes have been much altered in recent years by the advance of agriculture and forestry ( leonard , 1980 ) although as table 8.2 shows , both national parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty ( aonbs ) still [have] very few urban areas ( anderson , 1980 ) .

Hence , whenever possible , bankers require bills of lading that contain no notations stating defective conditions in the goods or their packaging .
hence , whenever possible , bankers require bills of lading that [have] no notations stating defective conditions in the goods or their packaging .

These are referred to as ‘ clean ’ bills of lading , and are contrasted with ‘ foul , ’ ‘ unclean , ’ or ‘ claused ’ bills , which do contain qualifying statements or notations .
these are referred to as ‘ clean ’ bills of lading , and are contrasted with ‘ foul , ’ ‘ unclean , ’ or ‘ claused ’ bills , which do [have] qualifying statements or notations .

The requirement of an indication of the apparent order or condition of the goods encouraged the use of clauses or notations such as ‘ shipper 's load and count , ’ ‘ shipper 's description , ’ and ‘ said to contain .
the requirement of an indication of the apparent order or condition of the goods encouraged the use of clauses or notations such as ‘ shipper 's load and count , ’ ‘ shipper 's description , ’ and ‘ said to [have] .

In contrast , the charter party bill of lading did not contain the charter party contract , but incorporated it by reference .
in contrast , the charter party bill of lading did not [have] the charter party contract , but incorporated it by reference .

In the ‘ neutral ’ agency type , the agent acts for different airlines , and , thus , the air waybill form does not contain a pre-printed reference to the airline 's name and number .
in the ‘ neutral ’ agency type , the agent acts for different airlines , and , thus , the air waybill form does not [have] a pre-printed reference to the airline 's name and number .

All major inquiries are now initiated by ministers who prefer to rely on royal commissions or departmental committees , which may sometimes contain a couple of MPs .
all major inquiries are now initiated by ministers who prefer to rely on royal commissions or departmental committees , which may sometimes [have] a couple of mps .

Given these two reservations , some of the detailed criticisms contain an element of truth but others are superficial .
given these two reservations , some of the detailed criticisms [have] an element of truth but others are superficial .

It used to be said that the Labour Party was a ‘ broad church ’ , as it managed to contain such a wide range of opinion .
it used to be said that the labour party was a ‘ broad church ’ , as it managed to [have] such a wide range of opinion .

The overall relative improvement of working-class housing standards masks the fact that a small proportion of inner city areas inhabited by working-class and immigrant residents contain a high proportion of inadequate housing .
the overall relative improvement of working-class housing standards masks the fact that a small proportion of inner city areas inhabited by working-class and immigrant residents [have] a high proportion of inadequate housing .

’ This is particularly the case for Labour governments , for , if for no other reason , depressed areas contain more Labour than Conservative voters .
’ this is particularly the case for labour governments , for , if for no other reason , depressed areas [have] more labour than conservative voters .

These memoranda , although generally avoiding comment that might be regarded as politically partisan on the question of the desirability or otherwise of devolution , contain passages which were bluntly , even scathingly , critical of the statements of the means by which the government hoped to achieve their objectives .
these memoranda , although generally avoiding comment that might be regarded as politically partisan on the question of the desirability or otherwise of devolution , [have] passages which were bluntly , even scathingly , critical of the statements of the means by which the government hoped to achieve their objectives .

The White Paper purported to contain such guidance which , in accordance with the Act , was approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament .
the white paper purported to [have] such guidance which , in accordance with the act , was approved by a resolution of each house of parliament .

In much of the best late sixth-century work one senses a struggle , the artist hardly able to contain his vision within the conventions he has not yet brought himself to break .
in much of the best late sixth-century work one senses a struggle , the artist hardly able to [have] his vision within the conventions he has not yet brought himself to break .

The reason for this is that few localities contain populations which closely replicate the national profile and even fewer record rates of change similar to the nation as a whole .
the reason for this is that few localities [have] populations which closely replicate the national profile and even fewer record rates of change similar to the nation as a whole .

Forcing herself to stay still , not to complain because her mother had always said complaining was bad , she waited , trying to contain her impatience so it did n't spill out from her body and spoil everything .
forcing herself to stay still , not to complain because her mother had always said complaining was bad , she waited , trying to [have] her impatience so it did n't spill out from her body and spoil everything .

Yet he must contain the depths of his feelings , his hatred , his fervent wish to see his stepson come to a sorry end .
yet he must [have] the depths of his feelings , his hatred , his fervent wish to see his stepson come to a sorry end .

Many areas , such as Norfolk , which remain highly unionized continue also to contain some of the lowest-paid agricultural workers in the country .
many areas , such as norfolk , which remain highly unionized continue also to [have] some of the lowest-paid agricultural workers in the country .

Of course , each village does contain its own unique qualities , but to dwell on these only serves to obscure the nature of the changes which have overtaken them , since a concern for the minutiae of each individual village leads us to lose sight of the widespread changes that have affected almost all villages in recent years .
of course , each village does [have] its own unique qualities , but to dwell on these only serves to obscure the nature of the changes which have overtaken them , since a concern for the minutiae of each individual village leads us to lose sight of the widespread changes that have affected almost all villages in recent years .

Those who could not contain their resentment had little option other than to emigrate .
those who could not [have] their resentment had little option other than to emigrate .

Where villages contain more than one pub these , too , usually reflect the split between locals and newcomers , or , in the case of villages with only one pub , the bars may be socially divided — the locals to the public bar , the newcomers to the lounge , often ‘ modernized ’ in rustic mode for this purpose .
where villages [have] more than one pub these , too , usually reflect the split between locals and newcomers , or , in the case of villages with only one pub , the bars may be socially divided — the locals to the public bar , the newcomers to the lounge , often ‘ modernized ’ in rustic mode for this purpose .

For reasons principally of economy , most county councils have preferred to concentrate development on a few villages which can then conveniently be provided with the full range of public amenities — schools , shops , libraries , sewerage facilities and so on-This saves on the enormous cost of duplicating amenities in every village and helps to direct and contain population growth to a few well-chosen sites .
for reasons principally of economy , most county councils have preferred to concentrate development on a few villages which can then conveniently be provided with the full range of public amenities — schools , shops , libraries , sewerage facilities and so on-this saves on the enormous cost of duplicating amenities in every village and helps to direct and [have] population growth to a few well-chosen sites .

, 1986 ) seem to contain all the deficiencies of earlier work which employed the concept .
, 1986 ) seem to [have] all the deficiencies of earlier work which employed the concept .

The villain of the piece may begin a hero and even contain some hope ( Lenny , from Of Mice and Men ) then a flaw becomes apparent , and they then disembowel or impair themselves ( or have it done to them ) as an act of retribution .
the villain of the piece may begin a hero and even [have] some hope ( lenny , from of mice and men ) then a flaw becomes apparent , and they then disembowel or impair themselves ( or have it done to them ) as an act of retribution .

‘ The Disabled ’ is a non-disabled construction , a representational framework no more real than a hologram but which has to contain two properties if it is to have any cathartic meaning for society .
‘ the disabled ’ is a non-disabled construction , a representational framework no more real than a hologram but which has to [have] two properties if it is to have any cathartic meaning for society .

Where housing departments were developing strategies on homelessness , there was no recognition that disabled people become homeless as well , and conversely , that some homeless households contain disabled people .
where housing departments were developing strategies on homelessness , there was no recognition that disabled people become homeless as well , and conversely , that some homeless households [have] disabled people .

Although the prevalence of a few types of physical impairments is higher among males , many of the largest subgroups of older disabled people contain more women than men .
although the prevalence of a few types of physical impairments is higher among males , many of the largest subgroups of older disabled people [have] more women than men .

To obviate this , they need to contain the idea of their dominance and our dependence within a coherent philosophical framework designed to encapsulate , reinforce and sustain the interests of the industry .
to obviate this , they need to [have] the idea of their dominance and our dependence within a coherent philosophical framework designed to encapsulate , reinforce and sustain the interests of the industry .

Typically , keys form broken sequences because they contain separate items of information . For example , a product code used as a key may contain sections for such fields as :
typically , keys form broken sequences because they [have] separate items of information . for example , a product code used as a key may [have] sections for such fields as :

Few will guess that a group of twenty-three will , on average , contain two people with birthdays on the same day .
few will guess that a group of twenty-three will , on average , [have] two people with birthdays on the same day .

In order to decide this we shall calculate the expected probability that an address will contain no record , one record only , one synonym ( two records allocated to one address ) , two synonyms and so on .
in order to decide this we shall calculate the expected probability that an address will [have] no record , one record only , one synonym ( two records allocated to one address ) , two synonyms and so on .

Multiplying this by 100 and subtracting the result from 100 per cent , we obtain the percentage of addresses that will contain home records .
multiplying this by 100 and subtracting the result from 100 per cent , we obtain the percentage of addresses that will [have] home records .

When the whole file has been loaded , it will contain 34.063 per cent of synonyms .
when the whole file has been loaded , it will [have] 34.063 per cent of synonyms .

In addition , an embedded overflow area will usually contain varying numbers of records from several tracks .
in addition , an embedded overflow area will usually [have] varying numbers of records from several tracks .

His life seemed worthless — he was used to that — but there seemed to be nothing at all to contain it .
his life seemed worthless — he was used to that — but there seemed to be nothing at all to [have] it .

Yet , a number of democratic constitutions today contain more than a mere organisation chart of functions and powers ; they contain Bills of Rights , which may also include a charter of social and economic rights , something characteristic of constitutions of the twentieth century , although generally honoured more in the breach than in the observance .
yet , a number of democratic constitutions today [have] more than a mere organisation chart of functions and powers ; they [have] bills of rights , which may also include a charter of social and economic rights , something characteristic of constitutions of the twentieth century , although generally honoured more in the breach than in the observance .

Books like these contain much music which is transitory but include insufficient hymnody from the traditional repertoire .
books like these [have] much music which is transitory but include insufficient hymnody from the traditional repertoire .

These are designed particularly for the young and contain a strong spiritual element in them .
these are designed particularly for the young and [have] a strong spiritual element in them .

In addition to those churches which are organised along denominational lines there are many congregations in England which are best described as ecumenical , for they generally contain members from a variety of churches , or from none .
in addition to those churches which are organised along denominational lines there are many congregations in england which are best described as ecumenical , for they generally [have] members from a variety of churches , or from none .

Their catalogues contain fewer items , but the range of publications is wider than at the turn of the century .
their catalogues [have] fewer items , but the range of publications is wider than at the turn of the century .

Most of our congregations contain a multiplicity of people who react differently to different kinds of musical expression .
most of our congregations [have] a multiplicity of people who react differently to different kinds of musical expression .

But there is no excuse for modern hymns to contain gender-based or sexist language .
but there is no excuse for modern hymns to [have] gender-based or sexist language .

Spender gives numerous examples of this bias ; one is that history textbooks about the nineteenth century contain few or no references to the women 's movement , despite the fact that women were fighting to be accepted into the universities and to receive the franchise .
spender gives numerous examples of this bias ; one is that history textbooks about the nineteenth century [have] few or no references to the women 's movement , despite the fact that women were fighting to be accepted into the universities and to receive the franchise .

In addition , each of the training councils should contain political appointees from each of the major parties .
in addition , each of the training councils should [have] political appointees from each of the major parties .

Institutional and professional continuity seems to allow established disciplines to contain epistemological doubts or crises which might kill off the fledgling .
institutional and professional continuity seems to allow established disciplines to [have] epistemological doubts or crises which might kill off the fledgling .

He argues that most individual subject areas themselves turn out on closer examination to contain a diversity of research styles and epistemological characteristics .
he argues that most individual subject areas themselves turn out on closer examination to [have] a diversity of research styles and epistemological characteristics .

Thus , the examples , which examine the historical development of attitudes , are intended to show that present explicit attitudes must contain their implicit potentialities for future circumstances .
thus , the examples , which examine the historical development of attitudes , are intended to show that present explicit attitudes must [have] their implicit potentialities for future circumstances .

These implicit features contain counter-themes to the themes of explicit arguments , and even possibly implicit counter-counter-themes .
these implicit features [have] counter-themes to the themes of explicit arguments , and even possibly implicit counter-counter-themes .

The major themes of modern ideology can be said to contain the potentiality for criticism of royalty , for values of individual achievement and democratic equality must contain their own implicit potentiality for criticizing inherited privilege and aristocratic power .
the major themes of modern ideology can be said to [have] the potentiality for criticism of royalty , for values of individual achievement and democratic equality must [have] their own implicit potentiality for criticizing inherited privilege and aristocratic power .

Without these limitations , there would be no need for the implicit functional justifications , which themselves contain the implicit potentiality for criticism should circumstances change .
without these limitations , there would be no need for the implicit functional justifications , which themselves [have] the implicit potentiality for criticism should circumstances change .

The ideological themes and counter-themes may at any one time resemble undeveloped seeds , in that they contain the possibilities for future argumentative responses , including those son of reversals when the Side of the Other is to be taken .
the ideological themes and counter-themes may at any one time resemble undeveloped seeds , in that they [have] the possibilities for future argumentative responses , including those son of reversals when the side of the other is to be taken .

The structure of present attitudinal stances will contain implicit potentialities for the future .
the structure of present attitudinal stances will [have] implicit potentialities for the future .

At any stage , one 's attitudes will contain their implicit themes , and these are part of the attitudinal structure .
at any stage , one 's attitudes will [have] their implicit themes , and these are part of the attitudinal structure .

However , the floral metaphor breaks down , for the attitudinal seeds contain the makings of the negation , as well as the repetition , of present growth .
however , the floral metaphor breaks down , for the attitudinal seeds [have] the makings of the negation , as well as the repetition , of present growth .

The contents of the memorandum of association are statutorily laid down by s. 2 of the Companies Act 1985 . The document must contain :
the contents of the memorandum of association are statutorily laid down by s. 2 of the companies act 1985 . the document must [have] :

There is little or no realization amongst reformers , however , that any effective change in budgetary relationships must necessarily alter the outcomes of the budgetary process … proposed reforms inevitably contain important implications for the system ; that is , for the ‘ who gets what ’ of government decisions .
there is little or no realization amongst reformers , however , that any effective change in budgetary relationships must necessarily alter the outcomes of the budgetary process … proposed reforms inevitably [have] important implications for the system ; that is , for the ‘ who gets what ’ of government decisions .

Although these reports do not have to follow a common style and content each contain information in a common format .
although these reports do not have to follow a common style and content each [have] information in a common format .

Stage three is the crucial stage of any scrutiny . The action document is expected to be produced within three months of the completion of the scrutiny report and to contain for each recommendation :
stage three is the crucial stage of any scrutiny . the action document is expected to be produced within three months of the completion of the scrutiny report and to [have] for each recommendation :

Most large organizations contain individuals who informally promote innovation through their roles as ‘ ideators ’ , ‘ inventors ’ , ‘ technology gatekeepers ’ , ‘ champions ’ , ‘ sponsors ’ , and ‘ entrepreneurs ( or intrapreneurs ) ’ .
most large organizations [have] individuals who informally promote innovation through their roles as ‘ ideators ’ , ‘ inventors ’ , ‘ technology gatekeepers ’ , ‘ champions ’ , ‘ sponsors ’ , and ‘ entrepreneurs ( or intrapreneurs ) ’ .

But the identity which a region gives — through collective institutions such as its legal , educational and political systems — can not be provided by individuals alone , through the meanings which they attribute to their lifeworlds : ‘ In this respect the regions contain an explicit collective dimension which has relative independence , being continually reproduced by institutionally embedded power relations that influence the socialization of individuals ’ ( p. 139 ) .
but the identity which a region gives — through collective institutions such as its legal , educational and political systems — can not be provided by individuals alone , through the meanings which they attribute to their lifeworlds : ‘ in this respect the regions [have] an explicit collective dimension which has relative independence , being continually reproduced by institutionally embedded power relations that influence the socialization of individuals ’ ( p. 139 ) .

Many are little more than effluent channels , while some , by an accident of catchment , contain water fit for potable supply .
many are little more than effluent channels , while some , by an accident of catchment , [have] water fit for potable supply .

Sentences 1 , 2 and 3 all contain the meaning ‘ sacks ’ ; the only formal element they have in common is the graphic sequence sacks .
sentences 1 , 2 and 3 all [have] the meaning ‘ sacks ’ ; the only formal element they have in common is the graphic sequence sacks .

The following are examples of words which contain ( and in some cases , perhaps consist of ) onomatopoeic sequences : hum , buzz , hiss , gong , splash , crack , whip , bump , clank , tinkle , hoot , coo , miaow .
the following are examples of words which [have] ( and in some cases , perhaps consist of ) onomatopoeic sequences : hum , buzz , hiss , gong , splash , crack , whip , bump , clank , tinkle , hoot , coo , miaow .

This means that , for the vast majority of utterances , hearers are expected to identify specific intended senses for every ambiguous word form that they contain .
this means that , for the vast majority of utterances , hearers are expected to identify specific intended senses for every ambiguous word form that they [have] .

In principle for any word bearing an inflectional affix , it is possible to find contexts where all possible substitutes must contain either the same affix , or one belonging to the same closed set : consider the possible substitutes for walked in Cedric walked home , longer in Mine is longer than yours or books in those books .
in principle for any word bearing an inflectional affix , it is possible to find contexts where all possible substitutes must [have] either the same affix , or one belonging to the same closed set : consider the possible substitutes for walked in cedric walked home , longer in mine is longer than yours or books in those books .

There are no overt elements in these sentences to explain the differences ; presumably , however , 5 and 7 contain implicit universal quantification .
there are no overt elements in these sentences to explain the differences ; presumably , however , 5 and 7 [have] implicit universal quantification .

( Within each type , hierarchies may be distinguished by the elements they contain . )
( within each type , hierarchies may be distinguished by the elements they [have] . )

She is lying on her back ; her breasts adjust to a new position tardily as though they contain some viscous substance , set fling gradually as she raises herself on her elbow .
she is lying on her back ; her breasts adjust to a new position tardily as though they [have] some viscous substance , set fling gradually as she raises herself on her elbow .

Here they are shooting the breeze , Fairfax in his outmoded but perfectly cut clothes , the laibon in a dark blue shift and a cape of fur , with ear lobes that contain three or four little bead earrings and a silver wire holding a small copper bell .
here they are shooting the breeze , fairfax in his outmoded but perfectly cut clothes , the laibon in a dark blue shift and a cape of fur , with ear lobes that [have] three or four little bead earrings and a silver wire holding a small copper bell .

But even in time the unfinished and the sketchy , an impermanence of setting that does not contain or define , became the characteristics of a new domestic agnosticism .
but even in time the unfinished and the sketchy , an impermanence of setting that does not [have] or define , became the characteristics of a new domestic agnosticism .

Fielding 's novels contain plenty of barbarous squires , who would as soon hunt down a parson as a fox , and whose houses are too muddy and unruly to be in any sense comfortable , much less seats of self-fruition .
fielding 's novels [have] plenty of barbarous squires , who would as soon hunt down a parson as a fox , and whose houses are too muddy and unruly to be in any sense comfortable , much less seats of self-fruition .

Where great houses , from the middle ages into the seventeenth century , had been built to contain a single household in an ordered hierarchy beneath one roof , their classical counterparts in the eighteenth century and Regency became increasingly an expression of stratification into two quite distinct classes , though as yet on nothing like the scale of the grand Victorian house .
where great houses , from the middle ages into the seventeenth century , had been built to [have] a single household in an ordered hierarchy beneath one roof , their classical counterparts in the eighteenth century and regency became increasingly an expression of stratification into two quite distinct classes , though as yet on nothing like the scale of the grand victorian house .

His Encyclopaedia , though devoted to the cottage , farm , and villa , is nevertheless intended to contain ‘ all that is essentially requisite for health , comfort and convenience , to even the most luxurious of mankind ’ .
his encyclopaedia , though devoted to the cottage , farm , and villa , is nevertheless intended to [have] ‘ all that is essentially requisite for health , comfort and convenience , to even the most luxurious of mankind ’ .

contain a divine element , even in their lowest appliances …
[have] a divine element , even in their lowest appliances …

On a less generalized scale , these contrasts are part of the experience of Mary Barton , where , for example , the workman , unemployed because times are bad , observes the manufacturers in their carriages visiting shops that contain expensive luxuries ; or where Jem Wilson leaves the destitution of the Davenport cellar to seek an infirmary order from Mr Carson in his luxurious library , at his well-spread breakfast table .
on a less generalized scale , these contrasts are part of the experience of mary barton , where , for example , the workman , unemployed because times are bad , observes the manufacturers in their carriages visiting shops that [have] expensive luxuries ; or where jem wilson leaves the destitution of the davenport cellar to seek an infirmary order from mr carson in his luxurious library , at his well-spread breakfast table .

All enunciations have to be produced within particular discourses , and these are always liable to contain particular ethnicities and thus likely to position individuals in specific ethnic locations , often in taken-for-granted and deeply unconscious ways .
all enunciations have to be produced within particular discourses , and these are always liable to [have] particular ethnicities and thus likely to position individuals in specific ethnic locations , often in taken-for-granted and deeply unconscious ways .

They all bear on actual realities , and contain elements of genuine insight .
they all bear on actual realities , and [have] elements of genuine insight .

All texts contain elements of metacommunication — devices which refer the recipient to a preferred reading of the relational contexts in which the statements are being made .
all texts [have] elements of metacommunication — devices which refer the recipient to a preferred reading of the relational contexts in which the statements are being made .

Some give open-ended contracts , others employ their seasonal workers on a succession of fixed-term contracts of essentially an arbitrary duration ( usually between 10 and 12 weeks ) which contain an additional clause allowing the employer to terminate them prematurely with one weeks ' notice .
some give open-ended contracts , others employ their seasonal workers on a succession of fixed-term contracts of essentially an arbitrary duration ( usually between 10 and 12 weeks ) which [have] an additional clause allowing the employer to terminate them prematurely with one weeks ' notice .

The drawings contain both pictorial and symbolic representations .
the drawings [have] both pictorial and symbolic representations .

Whilst the design process used in individual cases can be seen to contain common elements of activity , communications and control , the weighting of events and degree of design iteration necessary tend to be unique in each particular case .
whilst the design process used in individual cases can be seen to [have] common elements of activity , communications and control , the weighting of events and degree of design iteration necessary tend to be unique in each particular case .

With such a coding system it is possible to establish the primary conditions as follows : 1 ) Inserted state : that code which contains only one space zone , that being ( 0,0,0 ) 2 ) Remote state : that code which does not contain the zone ( 0,0,0 ) 3 ) Transition state : that code which contains more than one zone with one of them being ( 0,0,0 ) .
with such a coding system it is possible to establish the primary conditions as follows : 1 ) inserted state : that code which contains only one space zone , that being ( 0,0,0 ) 2 ) remote state : that code which does not [have] the zone ( 0,0,0 ) 3 ) transition state : that code which contains more than one zone with one of them being ( 0,0,0 ) .

For example , the gear-shift level must exist within the gearbox/passenger compartment intersection , which itself must contain the discrete sub-spaces of movement envelopes which are associated with functions of the gearbox .
for example , the gear-shift level must exist within the gearbox/passenger compartment intersection , which itself must [have] the discrete sub-spaces of movement envelopes which are associated with functions of the gearbox .

It is convenient to define the geometric domain as a local orthogonal space that will just contain the component part .
it is convenient to define the geometric domain as a local orthogonal space that will just [have] the component part .

In its simplest form the domain can contain no geometry at all .
in its simplest form the domain can [have] no geometry at all .

The intersecting domain will under extreme conditions only contain the two surfaces describing the pin , whilst under close fit conditions will also contain elements of both the cylindrical and end surface of the hole itself .
the intersecting domain will under extreme conditions only [have] the two surfaces describing the pin , whilst under close fit conditions will also [have] elements of both the cylindrical and end surface of the hole itself .

Using these means the enclosed volume may be declared to contain material and thus conforms to the conditions necessary for the definition of a solid .
using these means the enclosed volume may be declared to [have] material and thus conforms to the conditions necessary for the definition of a solid .

The two most significant files at this level are node and box , for these contain the complete assembly/sub-assembly enclosing box coordinates together with its nodal position in space .
the two most significant files at this level are node and box , for these [have] the complete assembly/sub-assembly enclosing box coordinates together with its nodal position in space .

Most design environments encountered contain a mixture of both these parameters with bias depending upon the company 's activities , as defined previously and illustrated in Figure 5.13 .
most design environments encountered [have] a mixture of both these parameters with bias depending upon the company 's activities , as defined previously and illustrated in figure 5.13 .

The engineering file should thus contain only the instructions necessary for the complete manufacture of the item , and can be used to store detailed engineering drawings ( operations , related drawings , assemblies , etc ) , numerical control instructions and schedules .
the engineering file should thus [have] only the instructions necessary for the complete manufacture of the item , and can be used to store detailed engineering drawings ( operations , related drawings , assemblies , etc ) , numerical control instructions and schedules .

It is envisaged that this section will contain text files ( instructions from the designer , component purchasing details , etc ) , equations for calculating features and relationships , as well as pictorial data .
it is envisaged that this section will [have] text files ( instructions from the designer , component purchasing details , etc ) , equations for calculating features and relationships , as well as pictorial data .

The draughtsman 's menu will contain keys which carry out the automatic `` filtering `` of geometric details down from the working space , through the spatial file , into the engineering file .
the draughtsman 's menu will [have] keys which carry out the automatic `` filtering `` of geometric details down from the working space , through the spatial file , into the engineering file .

The menu will also contain functions providing the activities and constraints necessary to comply with the company 's codes of practice or `` house style `` .
the menu will also [have] functions providing the activities and constraints necessary to comply with the company 's codes of practice or `` house style `` .

The two sub-set attributes of base part refer to this drawing file , as they only contain details of changes to the base part .
the two sub-set attributes of base part refer to this drawing file , as they only [have] details of changes to the base part .

As the content of both variable and made from drawing files ( only ) contain the variation to the base part , to view the complete part both variable/made from and base part files are regenerated .
as the content of both variable and made from drawing files ( only ) [have] the variation to the base part , to view the complete part both variable/made from and base part files are regenerated .

Whilst all drawn entities are eventually stored , the highest layers contain specific and well defined sets of information .
whilst all drawn entities are eventually stored , the highest layers [have] specific and well defined sets of information .

Their unhesitating assumption that they contain all life as much as they are contained by it has helped them forge what to our eyes is an almost supernatural intimacy with their forests and creatures .
their unhesitating assumption that they [have] all life as much as they are contained by it has helped them forge what to our eyes is an almost supernatural intimacy with their forests and creatures .

One period might contain three or even four subjects .
one period might [have] three or even four subjects .

If you have made your notes properly ( for `` making `` rather than `` taking `` is the appropriate term for most lecture notes ) , the pages will contain the key words recommended in chapter 4 , a few brief references to standard work with plenty of space left and the final conclusion clearly written in the right-hand margin .
if you have made your notes properly ( for `` making `` rather than `` taking `` is the appropriate term for most lecture notes ) , the pages will [have] the key words recommended in chapter 4 , a few brief references to standard work with plenty of space left and the final conclusion clearly written in the right-hand margin .

Ask the lecturer if he can possibly forecast what , at least , his next lecture is to contain .
ask the lecturer if he can possibly forecast what , at least , his next lecture is to [have] .

The Lecfile should now , once more , contain only the tail-end of the notes to serve for continuity for tomorrow 's classes .
the lecfile should now , once more , [have] only the tail-end of the notes to serve for continuity for tomorrow 's classes .

This statement may seem nonsense , since you have no idea of how the lecturer is to tackle the subject , but by means of a pattern diagram you can build up a picture of what your studies are to contain .
this statement may seem nonsense , since you have no idea of how the lecturer is to tackle the subject , but by means of a pattern diagram you can build up a picture of what your studies are to [have] .

They contain your interpretation of the factual conclusions , and go on to recommend what steps should now be made towards solving the problem that you were given .
they [have] your interpretation of the factual conclusions , and go on to recommend what steps should now be made towards solving the problem that you were given .

The statement should also contain the terms of reference , and the summary should appear somewhere in these opening paragraphs .
the statement should also [have] the terms of reference , and the summary should appear somewhere in these opening paragraphs .

Of all the butterflies tested so far , monarchs contain the greatest amount of magnetite , and they probably also use the Earth 's magnetic field to accomplish their feat .
of all the butterflies tested so far , monarchs [have] the greatest amount of magnetite , and they probably also use the earth 's magnetic field to accomplish their feat .

These eyes contain a lens which directs light onto photo-receptive cells arranged in layers to form a retina .
these eyes [have] a lens which directs light onto photo-receptive cells arranged in layers to form a retina .

The songs contain up to eight themes , each one consisting of repeated phrases .
the songs [have] up to eight themes , each one consisting of repeated phrases .

Some contain chemicals called pyrozines , the smell of which warns browsers that these plants taste unpleasant and should be avoided .
some [have] chemicals called pyrozines , the smell of which warns browsers that these plants taste unpleasant and should be avoided .

Those which do not contain pyrozines naturally , gather them from noxious plants , either eating them as caterpillars or drinking them as adults .
those which do not [have] pyrozines naturally , gather them from noxious plants , either eating them as caterpillars or drinking them as adults .

The more expensive perfumes on the market contain animal secretions , such as musk from the ventral pouches of the Himalayan musk deer , castoreum from the beaver 's anal gland and civet , scraped from the anal sacs of African cats , while many of the cheaper ones include synthesised forms of these scents .
the more expensive perfumes on the market [have] animal secretions , such as musk from the ventral pouches of the himalayan musk deer , castoreum from the beaver 's anal gland and civet , scraped from the anal sacs of african cats , while many of the cheaper ones include synthesised forms of these scents .

Algebraic expressions often contain similar terms which can be added or subtracted to shorten expressions .
algebraic expressions often [have] similar terms which can be added or subtracted to shorten expressions .

Bill had books , and tobacco , and a book token from Marcus with a Brueghel snowscene reproduced on the front , which he turned over several times as though it must contain some message other than `` Happy Christmas , love Marcus ' written neatly on the dotted line .
bill had books , and tobacco , and a book token from marcus with a brueghel snowscene reproduced on the front , which he turned over several times as though it must [have] some message other than `` happy christmas , love marcus ' written neatly on the dotted line .

The transition from discrete to distributed charge can be made as follows : q1 is replaced by , and the summation by integration , yielding , where the volume r must contain all the charges .
the transition from discrete to distributed charge can be made as follows : q1 is replaced by , and the summation by integration , yielding , where the volume r must [have] all the charges .

The balance sheet of the company must contain a statement from the directors , immediately above the signature , that the company has been dormant throughout the financial year .
the balance sheet of the company must [have] a statement from the directors , immediately above the signature , that the company has been dormant throughout the financial year .

These are a different species , which do not contain as much of the herbal essence , or may indeed not contain any .
these are a different species , which do not [have] as much of the herbal essence , or may indeed not [have] any .

In fact , such sites can be made a feature in the garden , and it could be worth building a wall on purpose , which would form a barrier to cold wind and contain warmth on its sunny side .
in fact , such sites can be made a feature in the garden , and it could be worth building a wall on purpose , which would form a barrier to cold wind and [have] warmth on its sunny side .

Does it contain organic matter ( material floating on the surface of a solution of soil ) ?
does it [have] organic matter ( material floating on the surface of a solution of soil ) ?

Chamomile 's highly scented dried flowerheads contain up to one per cent of an aromatic oil which possesses powerfully antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties of the herb .
chamomile 's highly scented dried flowerheads [have] up to one per cent of an aromatic oil which possesses powerfully antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties of the herb .

The sweets called marshmallows do not now contain any of the substance of the plant , being made up of gum , egg-white , flour , sweetening , colouring and so on .
the sweets called marshmallows do not now [have] any of the substance of the plant , being made up of gum , egg-white , flour , sweetening , colouring and so on .

strongly aromatic leaves , slightly peppermint , hot , contain oil or menthol
strongly aromatic leaves , slightly peppermint , hot , [have] oil or menthol

fresh leaves , dried leaves or flowers , contain mucilage and used as emollient , in connection with coughs of all kinds including asthmatic , catarrh and other respiratory conditions , mildly sedative
fresh leaves , dried leaves or flowers , [have] mucilage and used as emollient , in connection with coughs of all kinds including asthmatic , catarrh and other respiratory conditions , mildly sedative

This is because each hair consists of a sharp , hollow spine , the walls of which contain silica , making them glass-like and brittle .
this is because each hair consists of a sharp , hollow spine , the walls of which [have] silica , making them glass-like and brittle .

Many of the foods available to us contain chemical additives in the form of colouring , stabilizers , flavour enhancers and preservatives .
many of the foods available to us [have] chemical additives in the form of colouring , stabilizers , flavour enhancers and preservatives .

Skin , bones and hair also contain certain amounts of protein , which contributes to their structure .
skin , bones and hair also [have] certain amounts of protein , which contributes to their structure .

Both saturated and polyunsaturated fats contain the same amount of calories .
both saturated and polyunsaturated fats [have] the same amount of calories .

Fruit and vegetable fibre is preferable to cereal fibre for the following reasons : generally has fewer calories green vegetables have more vitamins and minerals it is better at lowering blood cholesterol levels higher consumptions of vegetables and fruit are associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease it does not contain phytic acid which blocks the absorption of many important minerals and some vitamins .
fruit and vegetable fibre is preferable to cereal fibre for the following reasons : generally has fewer calories green vegetables have more vitamins and minerals it is better at lowering blood cholesterol levels higher consumptions of vegetables and fruit are associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease it does not [have] phytic acid which blocks the absorption of many important minerals and some vitamins .

These are cheap multi-vitamin supplements which contain many of the nutrients that might be required by those on a restricted calorie intake .
these are cheap multi-vitamin supplements which [have] many of the nutrients that might be required by those on a restricted calorie intake .

They are quite expensive and contain substantially more than is usually needed .
they are quite expensive and [have] substantially more than is usually needed .

Fats contain more than twice the amount of calories as carbohydrates or proteins for the same weight .
fats [have] more than twice the amount of calories as carbohydrates or proteins for the same weight .

On average , fruits contain 1–3g of fibre per 100g ( 3 and a half oz ) and green vegetables 2–4g .
on average , fruits [have] 1–3g of fibre per 100g ( 3 and a half oz ) and green vegetables 2–4g .

Some foods rich in fibre contain phytic acid .
some foods rich in fibre [have] phytic acid .

However , because fatty foods contain lots of calories in a small space , it is easy to eat such foods quickly , and potentially to put on weight .
however , because fatty foods [have] lots of calories in a small space , it is easy to eat such foods quickly , and potentially to put on weight .

Fish oils contain a special type of polyunsaturated oils and good sources of these are mackerel , herring , salmon , sardines and tuna .
fish oils [have] a special type of polyunsaturated oils and good sources of these are mackerel , herring , salmon , sardines and tuna .

Also remember that you will not be using dairy products next week , but you will be introducing foods that contain yeast and alcohol .
also remember that you will not be using dairy products next week , but you will be introducing foods that [have] yeast and alcohol .

This week we are asking you to reintroduce to your diet foods containing yeast , including : marmite and other yeast extracts vinegars mushrooms Oxo , Knorr and other stock cubes pickled foods condiments or sauces e.g. pickle or chutney you will need to ensure you read the labels carefully when shopping , as many different types of food contain yeast or yeast extract .
this week we are asking you to reintroduce to your diet foods containing yeast , including : marmite and other yeast extracts vinegars mushrooms oxo , knorr and other stock cubes pickled foods condiments or sauces e.g. pickle or chutney you will need to ensure you read the labels carefully when shopping , as many different types of food [have] yeast or yeast extract .

The first four cassettes of Video English contain sets of short sequences showing language functions in use in a range of situations .
the first four cassettes of video english [have] sets of short sequences showing language functions in use in a range of situations .

Their value for a language learner is that they contain all kinds of examples of people communicating .
their value for a language learner is that they [have] all kinds of examples of people communicating .

Documentary programmes present topics . They give factual information and opinions about aspects of the world and they are likely to contain some of these elements :
documentary programmes present topics . they give factual information and opinions about aspects of the world and they are likely to [have] some of these elements :

The programmes also contain location footage of varying lengths .
the programmes also [have] location footage of varying lengths .

However this may not give a learner as much help as they can get from seeing the actions , people , objects and settings location footage will contain .
however this may not give a learner as much help as they can get from seeing the actions , people , objects and settings location footage will [have] .

All the systems considered above contain a cross-term , in which the rate of change of one variable is directly decreased by a term that is the product of two other variables .
all the systems considered above [have] a cross-term , in which the rate of change of one variable is directly decreased by a term that is the product of two other variables .

Most books ( especially scholarly texts ) contain an alphabetical listing of the occurrence of topics on specific pages .
most books ( especially scholarly texts ) [have] an alphabetical listing of the occurrence of topics on specific pages .

You will be using the idea of a main argument or basic response to help direct your thoughts and contain the argument .
you will be using the idea of a main argument or basic response to help direct your thoughts and [have] the argument .

The bookcase may be useful as a bookcase just as the essay once written may contain useful understanding and knowledge .
the bookcase may be useful as a bookcase just as the essay once written may [have] useful understanding and knowledge .

Every essay will contain an introduction , a middle and a conclusion .
every essay will [have] an introduction , a middle and a conclusion .

2. contain an important statement of intent , fact , motivation , understanding or explanation .
2. [have] an important statement of intent , fact , motivation , understanding or explanation .

Many documents , especially from the nineteenth century , contain redundant words which only serve to confuse .
many documents , especially from the nineteenth century , [have] redundant words which only serve to confuse .

Sometimes it may contain information about the author , the date , the writer 's access to information , and even the purpose of the writer , which are clues for the historian about the source 's reliability .
sometimes it may [have] information about the author , the date , the writer 's access to information , and even the purpose of the writer , which are clues for the historian about the source 's reliability .

Some sources , especially primary ones , may contain statements made in error .
some sources , especially primary ones , may [have] statements made in error .

According to Carriker ( 1981 ) , secretions of the hypobranchial gland contain pharmacologically-active esters of choline .
according to carriker ( 1981 ) , secretions of the hypobranchial gland [have] pharmacologically-active esters of choline .

Consequently , in those species that continue to grow throughout their lives the larger size-class contain progressively more females ( Coe , 1944 ) .
consequently , in those species that continue to grow throughout their lives the larger size-class [have] progressively more females ( coe , 1944 ) .

Once this base had been consolidated , forays would be made deeper into the wilderness , this time , perhaps , with a cossack military unit establishing a blockhouse ( zimove ) to contain the furs collected from the next tribe to be located .
once this base had been consolidated , forays would be made deeper into the wilderness , this time , perhaps , with a cossack military unit establishing a blockhouse ( zimove ) to [have] the furs collected from the next tribe to be located .

If feeding beef and fish pieces ( to any piscivore , not just these ) please remember that they do not contain the calcium and other minerals found in the bones of their natural diets and therefore it is essential to provide prawns or feeder shrimps fairly regularly .
if feeding beef and fish pieces ( to any piscivore , not just these ) please remember that they do not [have] the calcium and other minerals found in the bones of their natural diets and therefore it is essential to provide prawns or feeder shrimps fairly regularly .

But it will also contain high levels of nitrates ; chlorine and/or chloramine ; and a host of other nasties ranging from metals to pesticides .
but it will also [have] high levels of nitrates ; chlorine and/or chloramine ; and a host of other nasties ranging from metals to pesticides .

Others contain a coating substance ( often Aloe Vera ) to protect the fish 's gills and skin .
others [have] a coating substance ( often aloe vera ) to protect the fish 's gills and skin .

Others fear that it will contain metals especially copper from the pipes and boiler , and choose to boil drinking water to bring up the temperature .
others fear that it will [have] metals especially copper from the pipes and boiler , and choose to boil drinking water to bring up the temperature .

These will appear spontaneously in the water , airborne , or can be added in the form of proprietary ‘ starters ’ . ( Some of these only contain enzymes that help to break down wastes making them more accessible to the bacteria )
these will appear spontaneously in the water , airborne , or can be added in the form of proprietary ‘ starters ’ . ( some of these only [have] enzymes that help to break down wastes making them more accessible to the bacteria )

Filtration in both tanks is undergravel , driven by powerheads and both contain protein skimmers .
filtration in both tanks is undergravel , driven by powerheads and both [have] protein skimmers .

Every Koi keeper should have one of these , stored in a cool , dark place . As a minimum , it should contain the following :
every koi keeper should have one of these , stored in a cool , dark place . as a minimum , it should [have] the following :

If the two pairs of projectors are in line , the intention is not usually a multi-image effect In fact , it s likely that the two projectors nearer to the camera will not contain so much an image as an image-blocker , ie a mask or matte that blocks out part of the image behind it Since the two mattes will normally be complementary , and the combined image can be seen by inspection through the camera 's viewfinder , any faults , such as overlaps or gaps , should be observed at the time and , if possible , corrected on a second , third or fourth take This is more economical and satisfactory than getting the results of multiple passes back from the lab and discovering that a whole day 's work has to be redone .
if the two pairs of projectors are in line , the intention is not usually a multi-image effect in fact , it s likely that the two projectors nearer to the camera will not [have] so much an image as an image-blocker , ie a mask or matte that blocks out part of the image behind it since the two mattes will normally be complementary , and the combined image can be seen by inspection through the camera 's viewfinder , any faults , such as overlaps or gaps , should be observed at the time and , if possible , corrected on a second , third or fourth take this is more economical and satisfactory than getting the results of multiple passes back from the lab and discovering that a whole day 's work has to be redone .

The negative , containing the latent image of the figure but otherwise unexposed , is not yet developed ; instead it is run through the printer again , this time bipacked with the male matte and the positive of the background , the White House The previously unexposed portion of the negative will now contain images of this background , while the previously exposed portion , protected by the matte , receives no more light and is unaffected by the second run .
the negative , containing the latent image of the figure but otherwise unexposed , is not yet developed ; instead it is run through the printer again , this time bipacked with the male matte and the positive of the background , the white house the previously unexposed portion of the negative will now [have] images of this background , while the previously exposed portion , protected by the matte , receives no more light and is unaffected by the second run .

The police case does not contain just raw objective facts .
the police case does not [have] just raw objective facts .

Marx maintained that , with the possible exception of the societies of prehistory , all historical societies contain basic contradictions which means that they can not survive forever in their existing form .
marx maintained that , with the possible exception of the societies of prehistory , all historical societies [have] basic contradictions which means that they can not survive forever in their existing form .

In Marx 's view this would mean the end of history since communist society would no longer contain the contradictions which generate change .
in marx 's view this would mean the end of history since communist society would no longer [have] the contradictions which generate change .

The communist society which replaces capitalism will contain no contradictions , no conflicts of interest , and will therefore be unchanging .
the communist society which replaces capitalism will [have] no contradictions , no conflicts of interest , and will therefore be unchanging .

This protein does not contain the proline-rich sequences that couple Sos to Grb2 and hence to receptor tyrosine kinases .
this protein does not [have] the proline-rich sequences that couple sos to grb2 and hence to receptor tyrosine kinases .

Artificial languages have been constructed for which it is possible to ascribe unique , non-zero probabilities to generalizations , but the languages are so restricted that they contain no universal generalizations .
artificial languages have been constructed for which it is possible to ascribe unique , non-zero probabilities to generalizations , but the languages are so restricted that they [have] no universal generalizations .

Furthermore , as many of these zones already contained substantial built-up areas prior to designation , green belts frequently contain a mixture of land uses and rarely form zones of attractive or continuous open landscape ( Thomas 1970 , 1974 ) .
furthermore , as many of these zones already contained substantial built-up areas prior to designation , green belts frequently [have] a mixture of land uses and rarely form zones of attractive or continuous open landscape ( thomas 1970 , 1974 ) .

The law reports , both of this country and of other jurisdictions , contain many statements emphasising the importance of the right , in a democratic society , to be able to criticise freely the conduct of affairs by public authorities .
the law reports , both of this country and of other jurisdictions , [have] many statements emphasising the importance of the right , in a democratic society , to be able to criticise freely the conduct of affairs by public authorities .

We confined our arrest data to males aged 10–35 , as this would contain the bulk of the offenders .
we confined our arrest data to males aged 10–35 , as this would [have] the bulk of the offenders .

But all these discourses will also contain echoes of , allusions to , anticipations of , other discourses both spoken and written — the discourses of popular wisdom , literary tradition , cultural institutions , social classes , and so on .
but all these discourses will also [have] echoes of , allusions to , anticipations of , other discourses both spoken and written — the discourses of popular wisdom , literary tradition , cultural institutions , social classes , and so on .

They always contain contradictions .
they always [have] contradictions .

The subcultural specificity of the songs is hard to establish ; all contain techniques which continually threaten to widen the field of cultural reference .
the subcultural specificity of the songs is hard to establish ; all [have] techniques which continually threaten to widen the field of cultural reference .

Certainly , recordings of Tin Pan Alley tunes from the 1920s , 1930s and 1940s contain plenty of persuasive evidence for Adorno 's thesis .
certainly , recordings of tin pan alley tunes from the 1920s , 1930s and 1940s [have] plenty of persuasive evidence for adorno 's thesis .

Argüelles was forced to admit that no ancient law could infringe the sovereign rights of the nation : the ancient constitution was kept only because it was supposed to contain the ‘ first principles of national felicity ’ .
argüelles was forced to admit that no ancient law could infringe the sovereign rights of the nation : the ancient constitution was kept only because it was supposed to [have] the ‘ first principles of national felicity ’ .

Her small crushed handkerchief was quite inadequate to contain the huge tears that welled from her eyes after she had heard of the death of Signor Fixit .
her small crushed handkerchief was quite inadequate to [have] the huge tears that welled from her eyes after she had heard of the death of signor fixit .

The breastplate worn by High Priests of Israel to contain the sacred lot is described in Exodus as being set with four rows of precious stones , each engraved with the name of one of the tribes of Israel .
the breastplate worn by high priests of israel to [have] the sacred lot is described in exodus as being set with four rows of precious stones , each engraved with the name of one of the tribes of israel .

Finally , and by no means least important , even where class division is intense , and popular discontent acute , the forces of order , of the State may well contain and suppress revolt until conditions have changed and conflict eased .
finally , and by no means least important , even where class division is intense , and popular discontent acute , the forces of order , of the state may well [have] and suppress revolt until conditions have changed and conflict eased .

Maker 's Mark , for example , is the only Bourbon which does not contain rye .
maker 's mark , for example , is the only bourbon which does not [have] rye .

But it is obvious that the reparative principle can not begin to justify the penal system that we have , since most punishments ( and most notably imprisonment ) contain little or no reparative element , and may even make it difficult or impossible for the offender to make amends .
but it is obvious that the reparative principle can not begin to justify the penal system that we have , since most punishments ( and most notably imprisonment ) [have] little or no reparative element , and may even make it difficult or impossible for the offender to make amends .

Simply to contain space , ’ said the television in the poet 's voice , over a shot of him half an inch high striding over the moors .
simply to [have] space , ’ said the television in the poet 's voice , over a shot of him half an inch high striding over the moors .

Mortimer reholstered his gun , satisfied at a job well done , and striving to contain the excitement he felt at the combat .
mortimer reholstered his gun , satisfied at a job well done , and striving to [have] the excitement he felt at the combat .

From the river 's edge it stretched back on to the plain for a distance of over a kilometre , and he thought that it must contain well over three thousand men .
from the river 's edge it stretched back on to the plain for a distance of over a kilometre , and he thought that it must [have] well over three thousand men .

‘ You mentioned old texts , ’ Suragai said . ‘ Do they contain nothing of this ? What do they say ? ’
‘ you mentioned old texts , ’ suragai said . ‘ do they [have] nothing of this ? what do they say ? ’

However , if the arbitrage portfolios tend to contain roughly the same subset of shares , there will be little direct pressure on the prices of the remaining constituents of the index .
however , if the arbitrage portfolios tend to [have] roughly the same subset of shares , there will be little direct pressure on the prices of the remaining constituents of the index .

Thanks to the skills of publishers and printers , many books are also desirable possessions as physical products over and beyond the value of the information they contain .
thanks to the skills of publishers and printers , many books are also desirable possessions as physical products over and beyond the value of the information they [have] .

The local authorities were also given powers to establish hospitals to fulfil their duties to contain infectious diseases and to care for the mentally ill .
the local authorities were also given powers to establish hospitals to fulfil their duties to [have] infectious diseases and to care for the mentally ill .

However , policies also often contain ‘ footholds ’ for those who are opposed to their general thrusts or who wish to divert them to serve their own ends .
however , policies also often [have] ‘ footholds ’ for those who are opposed to their general thrusts or who wish to divert them to serve their own ends .

However , the 1989 White Paper , Working for Patients , has caused some concern that an unprofitable and expensive service like geriatric provision may be reduced if hospitals and GPs are encouraged to become self-managing budget holders , whose first goal must be to contain costs .
however , the 1989 white paper , working for patients , has caused some concern that an unprofitable and expensive service like geriatric provision may be reduced if hospitals and gps are encouraged to become self-managing budget holders , whose first goal must be to [have] costs .

The national Down syndrome cytogenetic register is thought to contain details of over 95 % of cases of Down 's syndrome in England and Wales .
the national down syndrome cytogenetic register is thought to [have] details of over 95 % of cases of down 's syndrome in england and wales .

Budgeting often embraces both dimensions : it marks out the routines through which mothers confront , and struggle to contain , the conflict between individual health and economic survival .
budgeting often embraces both dimensions : it marks out the routines through which mothers confront , and struggle to [have] , the conflict between individual health and economic survival .

This year 's sf , fantasy and horror goodies are generously spaced with notable peaks coming in May and August , although all months contain strong titles .
this year 's sf , fantasy and horror goodies are generously spaced with notable peaks coming in may and august , although all months [have] strong titles .

Some of the more straightforward letters wo n't need much alteration , but those which do contain bracketed prompts , which tell you where to enter information which is relevant to you — for example , the amount of an invoice , points you agree with , and so on .
some of the more straightforward letters wo n't need much alteration , but those which do [have] bracketed prompts , which tell you where to enter information which is relevant to you — for example , the amount of an invoice , points you agree with , and so on .

So , data files can contain data which is essentially used by the program .
so , data files can [have] data which is essentially used by the program .

Programs often contain repetitive information .
programs often [have] repetitive information .

Similarly , the bowlers ' principal purpose is to contain .
similarly , the bowlers ' principal purpose is to [have] .

The fact that the oligonucleotides with & = ; 0 show no mobility anomaly is noteworthy since they contain an A-tract repeated in phase with the helical turn .
the fact that the oligonucleotides with & = ; 0 show no mobility anomaly is noteworthy since they [have] an a-tract repeated in phase with the helical turn .

We need to know what is happening to mental hospitals because they still contain most of the country 's long stay ( continuing care ) beds .
we need to know what is happening to mental hospitals because they still [have] most of the country 's long stay ( continuing care ) beds .

The substances were dispensed by an Indian ethnic practitioner , or hakim , as a treatment for eczema and were found to contain toxic amounts of inorganic arsenic and mercury .
the substances were dispensed by an indian ethnic practitioner , or hakim , as a treatment for eczema and were found to [have] toxic amounts of inorganic arsenic and mercury .

Analysis of the handmade red-brown pills which the hakim had prescribed at a dose of six daily showed each to contain 30–42 mg of inorganic mercuric sulphide ( table ) .
analysis of the handmade red-brown pills which the hakim had prescribed at a dose of six daily showed each to [have] 30–42 mg of inorganic mercuric sulphide ( table ) .

There is , however , no logical reason why a vaccine for protection against tuberculosis should contain species specific antigens .
there is , however , no logical reason why a vaccine for protection against tuberculosis should [have] species specific antigens .

Sonic thirty pages in volume two are known to contain an account of everyday life on Islay at the time of the author 's visit , and notes on the fishing at Portnahaven are particularly valuable .
sonic thirty pages in volume two are known to [have] an account of everyday life on islay at the time of the author 's visit , and notes on the fishing at portnahaven are particularly valuable .

Sonic thirty pages in volume two are known to contain an account of everyday life on Islay at the time of the author 's visit , and notes on the fishing at Portnahaven are particularly valuable .
sonic thirty pages in volume two are known to [have] an account of everyday life on islay at the time of the author 's visit , and notes on the fishing at portnahaven are particularly valuable .

In addition , samples containing granulomatous lesions from patients with acute disease should be most likely to contain a causative pathogen .
in addition , samples containing granulomatous lesions from patients with acute disease should be most likely to [have] a causative pathogen .

Additional complexities are involved if league tables contain studies from several countries .
additional complexities are involved if league tables [have] studies from several countries .

In particular a given league table is unlikely to contain all the relevant comparisons of programmes of the appropriate intensity or scale to enable a budget to be allocated .
in particular a given league table is unlikely to [have] all the relevant comparisons of programmes of the appropriate intensity or scale to enable a budget to be allocated .

The main aim , usually , is to show that sentences containing what are regarded as bogus designators can be adequately replaced by other sentences which do not contain such designators , and hence that the `` real `` topic in the given instance is in fact different to what it appears to be .
the main aim , usually , is to show that sentences containing what are regarded as bogus designators can be adequately replaced by other sentences which do not [have] such designators , and hence that the `` real `` topic in the given instance is in fact different to what it appears to be .

North Shields and Cramlington contain an interesting set of sub-localities in which almost all the issues relating to residence in relation to base as an aspect of social differentiation can be investigated .
north shields and cramlington [have] an interesting set of sub-localities in which almost all the issues relating to residence in relation to base as an aspect of social differentiation can be investigated .

a theory of the state must contain a theory of … political class struggle , a theory of the ways in which class struggle itself transforms the internal organization of the state .
a theory of the state must [have] a theory of … political class struggle , a theory of the ways in which class struggle itself transforms the internal organization of the state .

It began to seem impossible that the rock , huge as it was , could contain this labyrinth they were treading .
it began to seem impossible that the rock , huge as it was , could [have] this labyrinth they were treading .

One is that they will be much more complete : they will contain all the tiny function words which were too frequent , and regarded as too unimportant , to figure in a work like Cruden 's Concordance to the Scriptures .
one is that they will be much more complete : they will [have] all the tiny function words which were too frequent , and regarded as too unimportant , to figure in a work like cruden 's concordance to the scriptures .

Indeed , this latter aspect of femininity is emphasized by some recent writers on masculinity who protest that men do not have such a wonderful deal in the world , since the social pressures on them to contain rather than express their emotions are oppressive and restrictive , stunting their full emotional development .
indeed , this latter aspect of femininity is emphasized by some recent writers on masculinity who protest that men do not have such a wonderful deal in the world , since the social pressures on them to [have] rather than express their emotions are oppressive and restrictive , stunting their full emotional development .

The Cabinet formed in the reshuffle of Ministers in the autumn of 1985 was the first since the war to contain no women ( apart from the Prime Minister herself ) .
the cabinet formed in the reshuffle of ministers in the autumn of 1985 was the first since the war to [have] no women ( apart from the prime minister herself ) .

As we have said , these explanations are not inconsistent and both contain elements of the truth .
as we have said , these explanations are not inconsistent and both [have] elements of the truth .

Around 12 per cent of households with children contain only one parent .
around 12 per cent of households with children [have] only one parent .

Moreover , even these poor areas do , in fact , contain substantial numbers of moderately affluent people .
moreover , even these poor areas do , in fact , [have] substantial numbers of moderately affluent people .

It will contain details of the claim and of the adjudication officer 's decision , together with a note of the statutory provisions and decisions of the Commissioners upon which the adjudication officer is relying .
it will [have] details of the claim and of the adjudication officer 's decision , together with a note of the statutory provisions and decisions of the commissioners upon which the adjudication officer is relying .

This is not a criticism of the tribunals themselves , which contain some valuable devices to assist employees , but of the failure to provide the required assistance to employees to enable them to pursue their claims effectively .
this is not a criticism of the tribunals themselves , which [have] some valuable devices to assist employees , but of the failure to provide the required assistance to employees to enable them to pursue their claims effectively .

By the time a barrister is considered for judicial appointment , the dossier will contain considerable information about him or her .
by the time a barrister is considered for judicial appointment , the dossier will [have] considerable information about him or her .

What kind of mistakes do the sentences contain ?
what kind of mistakes do the sentences [have] ?

Stretching our imaginations , we can surely create a story which might contain this sequence , just as we could , in fact , create fanciful circumstances in which knights kill teaspoons , and girls ride houses .
stretching our imaginations , we can surely create a story which might [have] this sequence , just as we could , in fact , create fanciful circumstances in which knights kill teaspoons , and girls ride houses .

They both contain exactly the same information .
they both [have] exactly the same information .

Our ‘ Marilyn Monroe ’ schema is more likely to include fingernails than the kind you knock into walls , and our ‘ king schema ’ will contain seals for stamping wax rather than the kind that eat fish .
our ‘ marilyn monroe ’ schema is more likely to include fingernails than the kind you knock into walls , and our ‘ king schema ’ will [have] seals for stamping wax rather than the kind that eat fish .

This type of linguistic material is sometimes described as ‘ performance-data ’ and may contain features such as hesitations , slips , and non-standard forms which a linguist like Chomsky ( 1965 ) believed should not have to be accounted for in the grammar of a language .
this type of linguistic material is sometimes described as ‘ performance-data ’ and may [have] features such as hesitations , slips , and non-standard forms which a linguist like chomsky ( 1965 ) believed should not have to be accounted for in the grammar of a language .

Since the data investigated is the result of ‘ ordinary language behaviour ’ , it is likely to contain evidence of the ‘ behaviour ’ element .
since the data investigated is the result of ‘ ordinary language behaviour ’ , it is likely to [have] evidence of the ‘ behaviour ’ element .

Knowledge of the world tells us that houses which contain living rooms do not usually contain bars .
knowledge of the world tells us that houses which [have] living rooms do not usually [have] bars .

It is relevant that the topic framework for this extract ( 16 ) should contain information about the speaker ( female , 20+ , Edinburgh-resident ) and the preceding discourse ( the types of drinks the participants had encountered in different types of bars during their respective recent holidays in the United States ) .
it is relevant that the topic framework for this extract ( 16 ) should [have] information about the speaker ( female , 20+ , edinburgh-resident ) and the preceding discourse ( the types of drinks the participants had encountered in different types of bars during their respective recent holidays in the united states ) .

Insect eggs , however , contain very little yolk .
insect eggs , however , [have] very little yolk .

One burrow may eventually contain as many as half a dozen of these paralysed prisoners , each doomed in due course to be eaten alive by the wasp grub that hatches upon it .
one burrow may eventually [have] as many as half a dozen of these paralysed prisoners , each doomed in due course to be eaten alive by the wasp grub that hatches upon it .

Retaining fertile eggs within her body long enough for them to hatch there does not require major anatomical or physiological changes , so it is not surprising that all the major groups of land-living animals contain species that produce live babies .
retaining fertile eggs within her body long enough for them to hatch there does not require major anatomical or physiological changes , so it is not surprising that all the major groups of land-living animals [have] species that produce live babies .

All reptile eggs contain a considerable amount of yolk in them , but many of these live-bearing reptiles have developed a way of supplementing it .
all reptile eggs [have] a considerable amount of yolk in them , but many of these live-bearing reptiles have developed a way of supplementing it .

If the creche is a big one , and some contain as many as twenty infants , then one pair of the adults is likely to be in attendance at virtually all times of the day .
if the creche is a big one , and some [have] as many as twenty infants , then one pair of the adults is likely to be in attendance at virtually all times of the day .

Several of them contain in excess of five million bats .
several of them [have] in excess of five million bats .

The nostrils of a fish are not involved in any way with breathing but are U-shaped tubes that contain receptor cells capable of sensing the taste of water .
the nostrils of a fish are not involved in any way with breathing but are u-shaped tubes that [have] receptor cells capable of sensing the taste of water .

Storage cells for honey and pollen are given walls 0.073 millimetres thick , and those that are to contain developing males , 0.094 millimetres .
storage cells for honey and pollen are given walls 0.073 millimetres thick , and those that are to [have] developing males , 0.094 millimetres .

The combs do not hang vertically like those of honey-bees and they contain neither honey nor pollen , for wasps are not vegetarians but primarily carnivores .
the combs do not hang vertically like those of honey-bees and they [have] neither honey nor pollen , for wasps are not vegetarians but primarily carnivores .

Although they absorb a little from their first meal , their droppings still contain a great deal of unextracted sustenance .
although they absorb a little from their first meal , their droppings still [have] a great deal of unextracted sustenance .

Doctor Who demanded a certain style of writing which , in the eyes of the Production Office , the second script just did not contain .
doctor who demanded a certain style of writing which , in the eyes of the production office , the second script just did not [have] .

There are two other minds that contain echoes of the unknown intelligences .
there are two other minds that [have] echoes of the unknown intelligences .

Elaine ! It could contain Elaine .
elaine ! it could [have] elaine .

If you then remember that the agency 's creative people are — at least in theory — especially good at getting into other people 's minds through a combination of words and pictures , it becomes a little clearer that while an advertising strategy may be a statement of intent about the communication of an idea to a target group , the interpretation of that strategy by the creative group may contain none of the words of the strategy ( except things like ‘ the ’ and ‘ and ’ ) .
if you then remember that the agency 's creative people are — at least in theory — especially good at getting into other people 's minds through a combination of words and pictures , it becomes a little clearer that while an advertising strategy may be a statement of intent about the communication of an idea to a target group , the interpretation of that strategy by the creative group may [have] none of the words of the strategy ( except things like ‘ the ’ and ‘ and ’ ) .

The next day they charged Barry Moxton with the murder of his wife Mary and there was a picture on the front pages of him being led away with a blanket over his head and another of a policeman coming out of his mother 's house with a plastic bag that was said to contain his bloodstained and half-burned clothing , and a day or so after that Uncle Titch turned up in South Wales with his horse and cart where he said he 'd gone after a merry-go-round and did n't know what all the fuss was about , did n't know about any murder , did n't read the papers and was generally believed , at least by the people on the estate , because it was typical of Uncle Titch , and by that time the Queerfella who was queerer than any of them knew had made a full confession and it was all over bar the shouting and the trial , when he pleaded guilty and was sent down for life and everyone said he should have been hanged and pretended it had never once crossed their minds that it was Uncle Titch that done it .
the next day they charged barry moxton with the murder of his wife mary and there was a picture on the front pages of him being led away with a blanket over his head and another of a policeman coming out of his mother 's house with a plastic bag that was said to [have] his bloodstained and half-burned clothing , and a day or so after that uncle titch turned up in south wales with his horse and cart where he said he 'd gone after a merry-go-round and did n't know what all the fuss was about , did n't know about any murder , did n't read the papers and was generally believed , at least by the people on the estate , because it was typical of uncle titch , and by that time the queerfella who was queerer than any of them knew had made a full confession and it was all over bar the shouting and the trial , when he pleaded guilty and was sent down for life and everyone said he should have been hanged and pretended it had never once crossed their minds that it was uncle titch that done it .

Gedanken could contain herself no longer .
gedanken could [have] herself no longer .

‘ But that 's extraordinary ! ’ he declared , hardly able to contain himself . ‘ You 've solved the problem ! ’
‘ but that 's extraordinary ! ’ he declared , hardly able to [have] himself . ‘ you 've solved the problem ! ’

Sometimes a searcher can detect that a large branch of its search space does not contain a goal .
sometimes a searcher can detect that a large branch of its search space does not [have] a goal .

The form of a pattern depends on the particular game . In Os & Xs , a pattern may contain
the form of a pattern depends on the particular game . in os & xs , a pattern may [have]

Two quantities can only be equal if they contain the same powers of space , time and mass .
two quantities can only be equal if they [have] the same powers of space , time and mass .

The training set need only contain positive examples of this recogniser 's class , but it should be clean .
the training set need only [have] positive examples of this recogniser 's class , but it should be clean .

Since definitions are tidier when they only involve discrete alternatives , the languages used for these definitions almost always contain only functions f with finite ranges .
since definitions are tidier when they only involve discrete alternatives , the languages used for these definitions almost always [have] only functions f with finite ranges .

At the time Mr. Winterbone signed this document it did not contain any disposition at all , nor did it even contain any appointment of executors .
at the time mr. winterbone signed this document it did not [have] any disposition at all , nor did it even [have] any appointment of executors .

If the document is to be regarded technically as a matter of law , as a codicil , of course it need not contain any appointment of executors , but the position still is that when it was signed by Mr. Winterbone it did not contain any effective disposition at all .
if the document is to be regarded technically as a matter of law , as a codicil , of course it need not [have] any appointment of executors , but the position still is that when it was signed by mr. winterbone it did not [have] any effective disposition at all .

The defendant then , at the officer 's request , provided a specimen of blood , which on analysis proved to contain a proportion of alcohol in excess of the prescribed limit .
the defendant then , at the officer 's request , provided a specimen of blood , which on analysis proved to [have] a proportion of alcohol in excess of the prescribed limit .

’ The doctor was called and the defendant provided a specimen of blood which on analysis proved to contain a proportion of alcohol substantially exceeding the statutory limit .
’ the doctor was called and the defendant provided a specimen of blood which on analysis proved to [have] a proportion of alcohol substantially exceeding the statutory limit .

‘ The reasons given in this case contain a comprehensive analysis of all the relevant cases and literature .
‘ the reasons given in this case [have] a comprehensive analysis of all the relevant cases and literature .

Subsection ( 3 ) creates remedies for the recovery of profits and compensation for loss , and subsections ( 4 ) to ( 7 ) contain procedural provisions applicable to the remedies under subsection ( 3 ) .
subsection ( 3 ) creates remedies for the recovery of profits and compensation for loss , and subsections ( 4 ) to ( 7 ) [have] procedural provisions applicable to the remedies under subsection ( 3 ) .

The letter did not contain any reference to Mr. Tee .
the letter did not [have] any reference to mr. tee .

Sections 339 and 340 contain similar , although not identical , provisions where an individual is adjudged bankrupt .
sections 339 and 340 [have] similar , although not identical , provisions where an individual is adjudged bankrupt .

Sections 240 and 241 contain ancillary provisions .
sections 240 and 241 [have] ancillary provisions .

The lease contained the normal covenant for payment of rent and the usual qualified covenant against assignment , with a proviso that every assignment should contain a covenant by the assignee directly with the landlord to observe and perform the covenants and conditions of the lease .
the lease contained the normal covenant for payment of rent and the usual qualified covenant against assignment , with a proviso that every assignment should [have] a covenant by the assignee directly with the landlord to observe and perform the covenants and conditions of the lease .

The Rent Acts dealing with private lettings contain a number of provisions which are different from those which apply to local authority lettings under the Act of 1985 .
the rent acts dealing with private lettings [have] a number of provisions which are different from those which apply to local authority lettings under the act of 1985 .

It added that , were Community law to contain such requirements , however , they should comply with the general principles of international law under which there must be a ‘ genuine link ’ between the ship and the flag state .
it added that , were community law to [have] such requirements , however , they should comply with the general principles of international law under which there must be a ‘ genuine link ’ between the ship and the flag state .

Measures taken by a state in order to ensure that ships flying its flag had a genuine link with it did not by any means need to contain nationality requirements such as those in section 14 of the Act of 1988 .
measures taken by a state in order to ensure that ships flying its flag had a genuine link with it did not by any means need to [have] nationality requirements such as those in section 14 of the act of 1988 .

The judgment does not , however , contain any examination of this ground , there being no opposition on the part of the Crown to the duty being recoverable in the event of its being invalid .
the judgment does not , however , [have] any examination of this ground , there being no opposition on the part of the crown to the duty being recoverable in the event of its being invalid .

The petition must contain a statement that the petitioner , that is , the debtor , is unable to pay his debts and a request that a bankruptcy order be made against him ( r 6.39 ( 1 ) ) .
the petition must [have] a statement that the petitioner , that is , the debtor , is unable to pay his debts and a request that a bankruptcy order be made against him ( r 6.39 ( 1 ) ) .

The statement of affairs must be in Form 6.33 ( in Sched 4 to the rules ) and must contain all the particulars required by that form ( r 6.59 ) .
the statement of affairs must be in form 6.33 ( in sched 4 to the rules ) and must [have] all the particulars required by that form ( r 6.59 ) .

If the trustee is unable to declare any or any further dividend , he must give notice to this effect to creditors , and the notice must also contain a statement to the effect that no funds have been realised or that all funds realised have been distributed or used to meet the expenses of the administration ( r 11.7 ) .
if the trustee is unable to declare any or any further dividend , he must give notice to this effect to creditors , and the notice must also [have] a statement to the effect that no funds have been realised or that all funds realised have been distributed or used to meet the expenses of the administration ( r 11.7 ) .

The trustee when declaring a dividend must give notice stating how the dividend is proposed to be distributed and contain the prescribed particulars of the bankrupt 's estate ( s 324(3) ) .
the trustee when declaring a dividend must give notice stating how the dividend is proposed to be distributed and [have] the prescribed particulars of the bankrupt 's estate ( s 324(3) ) .

What would then be done to contain the rage of the millions of people waiting to greet the Imam in the streets of Teheran ?
what would then be done to [have] the rage of the millions of people waiting to greet the imam in the streets of teheran ?

( Special bronze alloys such as silicon-bronze and aluminium-bronze contain no tin , but another alloy , manganese- bronze does contain a minute percentage ) .
( special bronze alloys such as silicon-bronze and aluminium-bronze [have] no tin , but another alloy , manganese- bronze does [have] a minute percentage ) .

‘ The trouble is there are so many things around most homes which contain solvents and which can be sprayed or sniffed , so it 's important parents understand what could happen , ’ he says .
‘ the trouble is there are so many things around most homes which [have] solvents and which can be sprayed or sniffed , so it 's important parents understand what could happen , ’ he says .

It is not quite a parasitic relationship ; rather , the plant produces extra , and usually extremely characteristic , growth in order to contain the invader , and limit its damage .
it is not quite a parasitic relationship ; rather , the plant produces extra , and usually extremely characteristic , growth in order to [have] the invader , and limit its damage .

Instead of trying to kill house dust mites , the best things is to throw pillows away and replace them with new ones which wo n't contain any allergen .
instead of trying to kill house dust mites , the best things is to throw pillows away and replace them with new ones which wo n't [have] any allergen .

The sufferers from alcoholism or any form of drug addiction would therefore be recommended to abstain from : i. all forms of alcohol , including products that contain alcohol ( such as some mouthwashes ) , communion wine that contains alcohol and food prepared with alcohol ( unless it has all evaporated in the process ) .
the sufferers from alcoholism or any form of drug addiction would therefore be recommended to abstain from : i. all forms of alcohol , including products that [have] alcohol ( such as some mouthwashes ) , communion wine that contains alcohol and food prepared with alcohol ( unless it has all evaporated in the process ) .

This form of licence is granted to an hotel structurally adapted and bona fide used for providing main meals at mid-day or in the evening , or both , to persons frequenting the premises , and does not contain a bar counter .
this form of licence is granted to an hotel structurally adapted and bona fide used for providing main meals at mid-day or in the evening , or both , to persons frequenting the premises , and does not [have] a bar counter .

`` Restaurant licence `` which authorises the supply of alcoholic liquor to persons taking table meals for consumption as an ancillary to the meal in premises which are adapted for habitually providing meals to persons who frequent them , are principally used for providing main meals at mid-day and in the evening , and do not contain a bar counter .
`` restaurant licence `` which authorises the supply of alcoholic liquor to persons taking table meals for consumption as an ancillary to the meal in premises which are adapted for habitually providing meals to persons who frequent them , are principally used for providing main meals at mid-day and in the evening , and do not [have] a bar counter .

It is granted in respect of premises which are adapted and used for the provision of refreshments including food and non-alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises , and which do not contain a bar counter .
it is granted in respect of premises which are adapted and used for the provision of refreshments including food and non-alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises , and which do not [have] a bar counter .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has not been granted under Schedule 4 to this Act : ( a ) if the holder of the licence gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that a licence-holder shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to the premises for which he holds his licence , unless : ( i ) the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday or in the evening , or both , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the remises , and that the part of the premises mentioned in subsection 3 ) below does not contain a bar counter .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and in respect of which an application for sunday opening has not been granted under schedule 4 to this act : ( a ) if the holder of the licence gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that a licence-holder shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to the premises for which he holds his licence , unless : ( i ) the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday or in the evening , or both , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the remises , and that the part of the premises mentioned in subsection 3 ) below does not [have] a bar counter .

4 , and , in respect of which , part of the premises have been adapted and set aside for the provision of the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening or both , The procedure for applying the section to the premises is similar to the procedure under 5,57 , Before a licence-holder can apply the section to his premises , he has to obtain a declaration of satisfaction from the licensing board that part of his premises are adapted and used or intended to be used for habitually providing the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening and that the adapted part does not contain a bar counter ( subs .
4 , and , in respect of which , part of the premises have been adapted and set aside for the provision of the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening or both , the procedure for applying the section to the premises is similar to the procedure under 5,57 , before a licence-holder can apply the section to his premises , he has to obtain a declaration of satisfaction from the licensing board that part of his premises are adapted and used or intended to be used for habitually providing the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening and that the adapted part does not [have] a bar counter ( subs .

They both contain clues to help you find the Stone and escape alive .
they both [have] clues to help you find the stone and escape alive .

it does n't have to rhyme , but it should contain an interesting list of things — Shel Silverstein 's poem does .
it does n't have to rhyme , but it should [have] an interesting list of things — shel silverstein 's poem does .

The next four pages contain the parts of the book that the boy was reading .
the next four pages [have] the parts of the book that the boy was reading .

The four pages contain a number of stories describing people 's encounters with sea monsters of different kinds .
the four pages [have] a number of stories describing people 's encounters with sea monsters of different kinds .

It should contain these four parts : 1 The judge states the charge .
it should [have] these four parts : 1 the judge states the charge .

Many of the exotic fruits may provide a wonderful meal for the traveller , but some contain a deadly poison .
many of the exotic fruits may provide a wonderful meal for the traveller , but some [have] a deadly poison .

These sentences all contain one or more of the words from the poem . Do you think they are being used " correctly " ? What are your reasons ?
these sentences all [have] one or more of the words from the poem . do you think they are being used " correctly " ? what are your reasons ?

Some of the containers placed on the sips contain valuables , others are empty .
some of the containers placed on the sips [have] valuables , others are empty .

That the cylinder we were carrying probably did contain the Ardakkean phetam .
that the cylinder we were carrying probably did [have] the ardakkean phetam .

In the end a strange combination of working-class agitation and pressure from outside of the state system together with an increasingly confident upper-class establishment inside the system anticipating the pressures for change and trying to contain them both served to encourage the Conservatives to pass the Reform Act , 167 .
in the end a strange combination of working-class agitation and pressure from outside of the state system together with an increasingly confident upper-class establishment inside the system anticipating the pressures for change and trying to [have] them both served to encourage the conservatives to pass the reform act , 167 .

This serves to ensure moderation and contain political conflict to manageable proportions , and it also sustains the legitimacy of the system of rule so enabling law to be enforced with only limited policing .
this serves to ensure moderation and [have] political conflict to manageable proportions , and it also sustains the legitimacy of the system of rule so enabling law to be enforced with only limited policing .

Such products may have to contain specific properties ( attributes ) that match exactly the demand pattern of a specific group of customers .
such products may have to [have] specific properties ( attributes ) that match exactly the demand pattern of a specific group of customers .

Reference groups may contain individuals who as `` opinion leaders `` appear to exercise a disproportionate influence in forming and shaping the opinions of those other people who orientate their behaviour towards that of the reference group .
reference groups may [have] individuals who as `` opinion leaders `` appear to exercise a disproportionate influence in forming and shaping the opinions of those other people who orientate their behaviour towards that of the reference group .

But be warned : even vitrio-spitting moments contain humorous silver linings with this band , as bassist William Potter demonstrates .
but be warned : even vitrio-spitting moments [have] humorous silver linings with this band , as bassist william potter demonstrates .

His two books of Intavolature ( Venice , 1542–3 ) contain four such ricercari ( together with organ Masses , alternatim Magnificats , hymn-settings , and free re-workings of two chansons by Josquin and Passereau ) , whereas the two examples in his father 's publication are of the same improvisatory nature as the German organ preludes and the early ricercari for luted Girolamo 's are actually more instrumental than the ensemble ricercari of Willaert and Buus ; the influence of hand on keyboard is apparent in more than ornamentation .
his two books of intavolature ( venice , 1542–3 ) [have] four such ricercari ( together with organ masses , alternatim magnificats , hymn-settings , and free re-workings of two chansons by josquin and passereau ) , whereas the two examples in his father 's publication are of the same improvisatory nature as the german organ preludes and the early ricercari for luted girolamo 's are actually more instrumental than the ensemble ricercari of willaert and buus ; the influence of hand on keyboard is apparent in more than ornamentation .

As for the Seventh and Eighth Books ( 1619 and 1638 ) , to say nothing of the Ninth , compiled eight years after the composer 's death , they contain quasi-operatic ballets and experiments ( 11 ballo dell ' Ingrate , Tirsi e Clori , Il combattimento di Tancredi e Clorinda ) , declamatory or melodic solos or duets over repeated or varied basses , with or without string ritornelli , elaborate vocal and instrumental concerti , and the simplest solo canzonette .
as for the seventh and eighth books ( 1619 and 1638 ) , to say nothing of the ninth , compiled eight years after the composer 's death , they [have] quasi-operatic ballets and experiments ( 11 ballo dell ' ingrate , tirsi e clori , il combattimento di tancredi e clorinda ) , declamatory or melodic solos or duets over repeated or varied basses , with or without string ritornelli , elaborate vocal and instrumental concerti , and the simplest solo canzonette .

The printed collections of 1640 and 1646 in which Rossi 's cantatas and canzoni appear also contain works by the Mazzocchi brothers and Marco Marazzoli , all three of whom belonged , like Rossi himself , to the circle who enjoyed the patronage of the Barberini family ( see p. 313 ) .
the printed collections of 1640 and 1646 in which rossi 's cantatas and canzoni appear also [have] works by the mazzocchi brothers and marco marazzoli , all three of whom belonged , like rossi himself , to the circle who enjoyed the patronage of the barberini family ( see p. 313 ) .

Pupil files contain these records together with the brief notes recorded daily by the staff , copies of termly reports , and completed conduct forms which accompany the pupils when they commence a programme of phased re-entry to school .
pupil files [have] these records together with the brief notes recorded daily by the staff , copies of termly reports , and completed conduct forms which accompany the pupils when they commence a programme of phased re-entry to school .

The acknowledged and exclusive aim of the unit is to control and contain .
the acknowledged and exclusive aim of the unit is to control and [have] .

Trying to prevent boredom and contain deviance by making the curriculum ‘ relevant ’ to pupils ' cultures may elicit sexism ; yet sexist curricula may exacerbate deviance .
trying to prevent boredom and [have] deviance by making the curriculum ‘ relevant ’ to pupils ' cultures may elicit sexism ; yet sexist curricula may exacerbate deviance .

Porter argues that one should look at the areas of the value chain which contain the largest proportion of costs and then consider what cost-drivers of the ten he identifies cause those costs .
porter argues that one should look at the areas of the value chain which [have] the largest proportion of costs and then consider what cost-drivers of the ten he identifies cause those costs .

Brunnson clearly follows the line of those who question the need for a totally comprehensive , rational planning system , but his management methodology does contain a considerable element of rational analysis , despite the title of his book .
brunnson clearly follows the line of those who question the need for a totally comprehensive , rational planning system , but his management methodology does [have] a considerable element of rational analysis , despite the title of his book .

Most ladybird populations contain only one type , the familiar beetle with small black spots on red background , this type is called typica .
most ladybird populations [have] only one type , the familiar beetle with small black spots on red background , this type is called typica .

The wings of the monarch butterfly , for example , contain powerful heart-stopping poisons called cardiac glycosides .
the wings of the monarch butterfly , for example , [have] powerful heart-stopping poisons called cardiac glycosides .

Group size — small groups tend to be more cohesive than larger groups ; small groups tend to encourage full participation ; large groups contain greater diversity of talent .
group size — small groups tend to be more cohesive than larger groups ; small groups tend to encourage full participation ; large groups [have] greater diversity of talent .

If a competitor raises his price , perhaps because of rising costs , it may be possible to hold yours steady , provided you can contain your own rising costs .
if a competitor raises his price , perhaps because of rising costs , it may be possible to hold yours steady , provided you can [have] your own rising costs .

The content of an advertisement should not , therefore , contain anything offensive to particular groups in society ; nor should it contain information or suggestions which are misleading .
the content of an advertisement should not , therefore , [have] anything offensive to particular groups in society ; nor should it [have] information or suggestions which are misleading .

If the proportion is high , then considerable efforts will be made to contain such costs .
if the proportion is high , then considerable efforts will be made to [have] such costs .

Likewise , because committees usually contain members of different parties with different degrees of seniority and influence , contact is also facilitated between councillors of different political standing and party affiliation .
likewise , because committees usually [have] members of different parties with different degrees of seniority and influence , contact is also facilitated between councillors of different political standing and party affiliation .

What strengths do the Marxist approaches contain , whether they be structuralist or instrumentalist ?
what strengths do the marxist approaches [have] , whether they be structuralist or instrumentalist ?

but it does contain a theory of history , change and power which other social science approaches often lack .
but it does [have] a theory of history , change and power which other social science approaches often lack .

Perhaps the most glaring epistemological critique levelled at Marxist approaches is that they contain no counter-factual .
perhaps the most glaring epistemological critique levelled at marxist approaches is that they [have] no counter-factual .

but it is worth dwelling briefly on the insights which structuralist Marxist accounts contain .
but it is worth dwelling briefly on the insights which structuralist marxist accounts [have] .

This charge , called the membrane potential , comes about because cells contain large numbers of dissolved salts in their internal fluid ( the cytoplasm ) , including sodium , potassium , calcium , chloride and others .
this charge , called the membrane potential , comes about because cells [have] large numbers of dissolved salts in their internal fluid ( the cytoplasm ) , including sodium , potassium , calcium , chloride and others .

These clusters of neurons ( called ganglia ) thus contain all the essential elements of a complete nervous system ( Figure 7.4 ) .
these clusters of neurons ( called ganglia ) thus [have] all the essential elements of a complete nervous system ( figure 7.4 ) .

Where the ground is frozen for most of the year , soils that contain water remain solid except for a brief spell each summer , when they thaw to a depth that varies with latitude and local conditions .
where the ground is frozen for most of the year , soils that [have] water remain solid except for a brief spell each summer , when they thaw to a depth that varies with latitude and local conditions .

Sea spray may contain up to 25 % of solid materials , organic and inorganic , and contributes significant amounts of nitrate and organic debris to coastal soils .
sea spray may [have] up to 25 % of solid materials , organic and inorganic , and contributes significant amounts of nitrate and organic debris to coastal soils .

Botanically , oases contain only the alga-lichen-moss communities that would be expected in continental habitats relatively recently freed from ice ( i.e .
botanically , oases [have] only the alga-lichen-moss communities that would be expected in continental habitats relatively recently freed from ice ( i.e .

Damp polar desert soils and vegetation mats contain a small but active microfauna of consumers that feed on bacteria , algae , fungal hyphae and plant debris .
damp polar desert soils and vegetation mats [have] a small but active microfauna of consumers that feed on bacteria , algae , fungal hyphae and plant debris .

Though the antarctic ice-cap is estimated to contain 90 % of the world 's water , only a tiny fraction of it becomes available each year for living material .
though the antarctic ice-cap is estimated to [have] 90 % of the world 's water , only a tiny fraction of it becomes available each year for living material .

Though they appear green and contain abundant chlorophyll , productivity of these mats is generally low : much of their material is moribund , and persists only because of an absence of decomposers .
though they appear green and [have] abundant chlorophyll , productivity of these mats is generally low : much of their material is moribund , and persists only because of an absence of decomposers .

Three ice islands recently broken out from the Ronne-Filchner ice shelf , in the southeast corner of the Weddell Sea , in area totalled 11.5 thousand km 2 and in thickness some 500 m ( Ferrigno and Gould , 1987 ) ; a single one almost 160km long with an area of over 6200km 2 , released from the Ross Ice Shelf in 1987 , was estimated to contain enough water to last the State of California over 600 years ( Polar Record , 1988 ) .
three ice islands recently broken out from the ronne-filchner ice shelf , in the southeast corner of the weddell sea , in area totalled 11.5 thousand km 2 and in thickness some 500 m ( ferrigno and gould , 1987 ) ; a single one almost 160km long with an area of over 6200km 2 , released from the ross ice shelf in 1987 , was estimated to [have] enough water to last the state of california over 600 years ( polar record , 1988 ) .

Pelagic species that live among ice contain antifreeze agents , often unusually high concentrations of plasma proteins ( Hargens , 1972 ) .
pelagic species that live among ice [have] antifreeze agents , often unusually high concentrations of plasma proteins ( hargens , 1972 ) .

How can we strike the right balance between steering discussion down a prescribed path and recognizing that apparently divergent responses may contain considerable learning potential ?
how can we strike the right balance between steering discussion down a prescribed path and recognizing that apparently divergent responses may [have] considerable learning potential ?

Our reports contain many others .
our reports [have] many others .

Government spending and taxing strategies are therefore subservient to economic interests , but the state is also trying to contain pressures from the working class for more services and benefits .
government spending and taxing strategies are therefore subservient to economic interests , but the state is also trying to [have] pressures from the working class for more services and benefits .

The process of expenditure control can be seen as a competitive game between spending departments and the Treasury , but as the economic crisis has grown worse , the rules have shifted increasingly in the Treasury 's favour and the centre 's power to contain local spending has grown .
the process of expenditure control can be seen as a competitive game between spending departments and the treasury , but as the economic crisis has grown worse , the rules have shifted increasingly in the treasury 's favour and the centre 's power to [have] local spending has grown .

The detailed battles go on between Her Majesty 's Treasury , whose constitutional role is to contain spending , and the spending departments that are responsible for the individual services and aware of the demands they are under and of the nature of the rising costs to which they are subject .
the detailed battles go on between her majesty 's treasury , whose constitutional role is to [have] spending , and the spending departments that are responsible for the individual services and aware of the demands they are under and of the nature of the rising costs to which they are subject .

Central government has a duty to contain local public expenditure and to determine what are the limits to any individual council 's spending .
central government has a duty to [have] local public expenditure and to determine what are the limits to any individual council 's spending .

Khrushchev , who was preoccupied with trying to promote a policy of peaceful coexistence with the United States ( Khrushchev and Eisenhower met at Camp David in September 1959 ) whilst at the same time seeking to contain the emerging Sino-Soviet rift , had little thought to spare for the bearded revolutionaries in far-off Cuba .
khrushchev , who was preoccupied with trying to promote a policy of peaceful coexistence with the united states ( khrushchev and eisenhower met at camp david in september 1959 ) whilst at the same time seeking to [have] the emerging sino-soviet rift , had little thought to spare for the bearded revolutionaries in far-off cuba .

The next step will be to adopt more of the North 's repressive emergency measures in order to contain the violence .
the next step will be to adopt more of the north 's repressive emergency measures in order to [have] the violence .

According to Button ( 1989:297 ) , it was the Detroit riot of July 1967 which ‘ marked a turning point in federal policy towards local law enforcement because this upheaval clearly demonstrated the inability of local and state forces to contain disorders ’ .
according to button ( 1989:297 ) , it was the detroit riot of july 1967 which ‘ marked a turning point in federal policy towards local law enforcement because this upheaval clearly demonstrated the inability of local and state forces to [have] disorders ’ .

Debates over the possibility of using civilians to investigate complaints against British police officers often contain references to the ineffectiveness of American Civilian Review Boards ( Cohen , 1985:262 ) .
debates over the possibility of using civilians to investigate complaints against british police officers often [have] references to the ineffectiveness of american civilian review boards ( cohen , 1985:262 ) .

( Described by her adoring husband early in their marriage ) ‘ Her eyes seemed bigger to him , especially when she was just waking up and fluttered her lids several times in succession ; they were black when she was in shadow and dark blue in full daylight ; and they seemed to contain layer upon layer of colours , which were thicker in hue deep down , and became lighter towards the enamel-like surface . ’
( described by her adoring husband early in their marriage ) ‘ her eyes seemed bigger to him , especially when she was just waking up and fluttered her lids several times in succession ; they were black when she was in shadow and dark blue in full daylight ; and they seemed to [have] layer upon layer of colours , which were thicker in hue deep down , and became lighter towards the enamel-like surface . ’

It 's easy to forget them , to assume that the apocryphal bibliography must contain nothing but bad ideas , justly abandoned projects , embarrassing first thoughts .
it 's easy to forget them , to assume that the apocryphal bibliography must [have] nothing but bad ideas , justly abandoned projects , embarrassing first thoughts .

First , it demonstrates that the majority of types of metaphor ( if not a statistical majority of metaphorical utterances ) do not operate on the basis of replacement , but contain both ‘ proper ’ and ‘ metaphoric ’ terms in praesentia ( 1958a:23–5 ) .
first , it demonstrates that the majority of types of metaphor ( if not a statistical majority of metaphorical utterances ) do not operate on the basis of replacement , but [have] both ‘ proper ’ and ‘ metaphoric ’ terms in praesentia ( 1958a:23–5 ) .

They contain punctual alterations of specific texts , and they stage the confrontation between two or more voices .
they [have] punctual alterations of specific texts , and they stage the confrontation between two or more voices .

All four employ the variable narrative voice found in Thru , and Amalgamemnon , Verbivore , and Textermination contain metalepses .
all four employ the variable narrative voice found in thru , and amalgamemnon , verbivore , and textermination [have] metalepses .

the new order would contain additional elements of control which some members of the probation service might perceive as inimical to their approach to working with offenders . ( Home Office 1988b , p. 17 ) but should this happen , the probation service could :
the new order would [have] additional elements of control which some members of the probation service might perceive as inimical to their approach to working with offenders . ( home office 1988b , p. 17 ) but should this happen , the probation service could :

In addition to the standard interest rate and special discount deals available , the Charts contain useful information which will help you make your choice .
in addition to the standard interest rate and special discount deals available , the charts [have] useful information which will help you make your choice .

As soon as the young caterpillar is free from its egg , it turns round and eats the shell , which is thought to contain valuable nutrients .
as soon as the young caterpillar is free from its egg , it turns round and eats the shell , which is thought to [have] valuable nutrients .

Baby fruit juices and drinks are popular , but even pure fruit juices contain natural sugars which can be harmful to teeth .
baby fruit juices and drinks are popular , but even pure fruit juices [have] natural sugars which can be harmful to teeth .

Unsweetened cereals such as Weetabix , porridge or cornflakes are better than sweetened varieties , which can contain as much as 50 per cent sugar .
unsweetened cereals such as weetabix , porridge or cornflakes are better than sweetened varieties , which can [have] as much as 50 per cent sugar .

Even those claiming to be low sugar may contain other forms of sugar like glucose , fructose , honey or syrups , so check the list of ingredients .
even those claiming to be low sugar may [have] other forms of sugar like glucose , fructose , honey or syrups , so check the list of ingredients .

Even low-sugar rusks can contain up to 15 per cent sugar so give crusts of toast or a scrubbed carrot to gnaw on instead .
even low-sugar rusks can [have] up to 15 per cent sugar so give crusts of toast or a scrubbed carrot to gnaw on instead .

It 's also difficult to tell exactly what some convenience foods contain — a 100 per cent pure beefburger , for example , can legally contain 10 per cent water and up to 35 per cent added fat .
it 's also difficult to tell exactly what some convenience foods [have] — a 100 per cent pure beefburger , for example , can legally [have] 10 per cent water and up to 35 per cent added fat .

The ideal food , combining protein , carbohydrate , fat , minerals and vitamins in a perfect blend that 's easily digested by the baby . It also contain antibodies that protect her against infections — and it costs nothing !
the ideal food , combining protein , carbohydrate , fat , minerals and vitamins in a perfect blend that 's easily digested by the baby . it also [have] antibodies that protect her against infections — and it costs nothing !

It does n't contain protective antibodies and is n't as easily digested as breast milk .
it does n't [have] protective antibodies and is n't as easily digested as breast milk .

As with all medicines , over-the-counter treatments for headlice should be used carefully , as they contain quite powerful insecticides .
as with all medicines , over-the-counter treatments for headlice should be used carefully , as they [have] quite powerful insecticides .

One of the reasons why we are so ill-informed is that massive amounts are spent by the food industry advertising refined and heavily processed foods which often contain empty calories and excessive amounts of fats , sugars and salt .
one of the reasons why we are so ill-informed is that massive amounts are spent by the food industry advertising refined and heavily processed foods which often [have] empty calories and excessive amounts of fats , sugars and salt .

The rest contain artificial sweeteners .
the rest [have] artificial sweeteners .

All the competition prizes will contain at least 80 per cent wool and carry either the woolmark or the wool heart mark as a guarantee of quality .
all the competition prizes will [have] at least 80 per cent wool and carry either the woolmark or the wool heart mark as a guarantee of quality .

It will also contain samples of paint , wallcovering , flooring , curtains and upholstery .
it will also [have] samples of paint , wallcovering , flooring , curtains and upholstery .

The filo pastry shells are served cold and contain rich mousses — lemon cream , butterscotch and toffee .
the filo pastry shells are served cold and [have] rich mousses — lemon cream , butterscotch and toffee .

The North Duveen Gallery will contain two works : Xanadu , 1986–88 , and a sculpture in four separate parts , called Night Movements , 1987–90 .
the north duveen gallery will [have] two works : xanadu , 1986–88 , and a sculpture in four separate parts , called night movements , 1987–90 .

It should be noted , however , that a few papers do still contain real rag content , as is explained in the table .
it should be noted , however , that a few papers do still [have] real rag content , as is explained in the table .

Some pochettes simply contain five sheets of the same paper already cut for you .
some pochettes simply [have] five sheets of the same paper already cut for you .

American troops were deployed more or less according to a plan , Operation 90–1002 , developed in the early-1980s to contain a southward thrust by the Soviet Union .
american troops were deployed more or less according to a plan , operation 90–1002 , developed in the early-1980s to [have] a southward thrust by the soviet union .

Douglas Hurd has proposed the establishment of a Gulf Co-operation Council , with Western support , to contain Arab nationalism and Islamic fundamentalism .
douglas hurd has proposed the establishment of a gulf co-operation council , with western support , to [have] arab nationalism and islamic fundamentalism .

The information on the form will be transferred onto the Community Charge Register , which is held on a computer . The Register will contain : —
the information on the form will be transferred onto the community charge register , which is held on a computer . the register will [have] : —

This will contain only your last name , initials and address .
this will [have] only your last name , initials and address .

The poll Tax Register is confidential . For most people it will contain :
the poll tax register is confidential . for most people it will [have] :

the tenancy must not contain any provision allowing the landlord to terminate the tenancy within six months of the beginning of the tenancy
the tenancy must not [have] any provision allowing the landlord to terminate the tenancy within six months of the beginning of the tenancy

There was no guarantee that the transcripts would contain any information useful for the defence .
there was no guarantee that the transcripts would [have] any information useful for the defence .

Those same borders might also contain Inula magnifica , Strantia maxima and Campanula lactiflora from the Caucasus , Euphorbia griffithii , Polygonum amplexicaule and Morina longifolia from South Africa and Alstroemeria ligtu from Chile ; the possibilities are endless .
those same borders might also [have] inula magnifica , strantia maxima and campanula lactiflora from the caucasus , euphorbia griffithii , polygonum amplexicaule and morina longifolia from south africa and alstroemeria ligtu from chile ; the possibilities are endless .

Not only does the house contain one of the most interesting ‘ collections of collections ’ , but it is surrounded by the first pleasure garden to be run entirely organically in the National Trust .
not only does the house [have] one of the most interesting ‘ collections of collections ’ , but it is surrounded by the first pleasure garden to be run entirely organically in the national trust .

Endeavour to contain or reduce noise levels within the Vale ( 7 )
endeavour to [have] or reduce noise levels within the vale ( 7 )

5 What percentage of energy from fat should your diet contain ?
5 what percentage of energy from fat should your diet [have] ?

Avoid all green potatoes ; these contain excessive solanine , which is toxic .
avoid all green potatoes ; these [have] excessive solanine , which is toxic .

These contain ingredients which suppress the problem , and no one product works for everyone .
these [have] ingredients which suppress the problem , and no one product works for everyone .

Your doctor can prescribe special shampoos and ointments which contain anti-inflammatory ingredients .
your doctor can prescribe special shampoos and ointments which [have] anti-inflammatory ingredients .

In addition , any products applied to treated skin are more likely to cause an unpleasant reaction — a particular problem since sunblocks contain a high number of potential irritants .
in addition , any products applied to treated skin are more likely to cause an unpleasant reaction — a particular problem since sunblocks [have] a high number of potential irritants .

Fortunately , in this series of articles we will use more conventional maps to set us on the treasure trail , because it is my belief that correctly interpreted , the Ordnance Survey maps of the British Isles already contain most of the information necessary to track down some of the treasures that time has so cunningly concealed ! The beauty of this method is that it is not only fascinating but incredibly cheap and will not need large capital expenditure to put it to the test .
fortunately , in this series of articles we will use more conventional maps to set us on the treasure trail , because it is my belief that correctly interpreted , the ordnance survey maps of the british isles already [have] most of the information necessary to track down some of the treasures that time has so cunningly concealed ! the beauty of this method is that it is not only fascinating but incredibly cheap and will not need large capital expenditure to put it to the test .

Women never are , and she was a woman who had experienced more of life than her years would contain .
women never are , and she was a woman who had experienced more of life than her years would [have] .

The laws of Ine and Wihtred contain one clause in common concerning the need for a stranger to shout or blow his horn if straying off the trackway if he did not wish to be mistaken for a thief .
the laws of ine and wihtred [have] one clause in common concerning the need for a stranger to shout or blow his horn if straying off the trackway if he did not wish to be mistaken for a thief .

The larger cities , as well as bearing the hallmarks of population decline , also contain above-average shares of young single adults , one parent families and ethnic minorities .
the larger cities , as well as bearing the hallmarks of population decline , also [have] above-average shares of young single adults , one parent families and ethnic minorities .

It is not easy to measure at local scale because the 1981 Census did not contain an ethnicity question , but an impression can be gained from birth-place data in the Census .
it is not easy to measure at local scale because the 1981 census did not [have] an ethnicity question , but an impression can be gained from birth-place data in the census .

Policies to contain employment levels affected railway employment in all areas and extended far into the public service sector ; here the greatest loss of Health Service and local authority work to private contractors and hospitals was in the South .
policies to [have] employment levels affected railway employment in all areas and extended far into the public service sector ; here the greatest loss of health service and local authority work to private contractors and hospitals was in the south .

Legislation on public health , sanitation and industrial conditions did not contain prescriptions for the direct regulation of sexual conduct .
legislation on public health , sanitation and industrial conditions did not [have] prescriptions for the direct regulation of sexual conduct .

Meanwhile with the sprawl of burgeoning London , and the perceived frailty of statutory town planning procedures to contain it , pressure for more determined action mounted .
meanwhile with the sprawl of burgeoning london , and the perceived frailty of statutory town planning procedures to [have] it , pressure for more determined action mounted .

When first designated , the areas already had a population of 945,000 ; now they contain rather more than 2 millions .
when first designated , the areas already had a population of 945,000 ; now they [have] rather more than 2 millions .

To contain Change , not to sponsor it .
to [have] change , not to sponsor it .

He struggled to contain his burgeoning resentment .
he struggled to [have] his burgeoning resentment .

‘ And what did it contain ? ’
‘ and what did it [have] ? ’

For example , if the racks contain perishable goods or clothing , the whole may be lost by smoke contamination , despite the fact that the fire can be restricted to a relatively small area .
for example , if the racks [have] perishable goods or clothing , the whole may be lost by smoke contamination , despite the fact that the fire can be restricted to a relatively small area .

There is the belief that even if criteria of rationality differ across forms of thought , at least individual forms of thought could be said to contain discrete pools of rationality .
there is the belief that even if criteria of rationality differ across forms of thought , at least individual forms of thought could be said to [have] discrete pools of rationality .

Both activities are built around structured inquiries , which are persistent , deliberative , more or less organized , and set within a context of present knowledge , and which contain elements of interaction , dialogue , problem solving , creativity and criticism .
both activities are built around structured inquiries , which are persistent , deliberative , more or less organized , and set within a context of present knowledge , and which [have] elements of interaction , dialogue , problem solving , creativity and criticism .

Make the test pages an accurate reflection of the sort of work that you will be sending and take the time to explain what they contain , where the files come from and always include a laser printed proof .
make the test pages an accurate reflection of the sort of work that you will be sending and take the time to explain what they [have] , where the files come from and always include a laser printed proof .

This may contain text or graphics or both .
this may [have] text or graphics or both .

Dictionaries usually contain between 60,000–100,000 words .
dictionaries usually [have] between 60,000–100,000 words .

Whilst being unsophisticated in terms of typography it does allow you to create documents which contain ‘ live ’ spreadsheets .
whilst being unsophisticated in terms of typography it does allow you to create documents which [have] ‘ live ’ spreadsheets .

As well as printing in black these device also contain reservoirs of red , blue and yellow inks .
as well as printing in black these device also [have] reservoirs of red , blue and yellow inks .

It is likely that this will change as LaserGo , the authors of GoScript , are due to introduce a special card which will contain its own processor and memory capable of running the program .
it is likely that this will change as lasergo , the authors of goscript , are due to introduce a special card which will [have] its own processor and memory capable of running the program .

‘ How the hell do you know him ? ’ Scott wanted to know , unable to contain his anger .
‘ how the hell do you know him ? ’ scott wanted to know , unable to [have] his anger .

The full six volumes of Boase 's magnum opus contain 30,000 entries , a stupendous achievement to come from the pen of one author .
the full six volumes of boase 's magnum opus [have] 30,000 entries , a stupendous achievement to come from the pen of one author .

Her writings contain references to members of her family : one , from 1739 , is addressed to John and Eliza Bunce on the death of their young daughter ; another , among those published in her Poems in 1740 , is entitled ‘ On the Death of My Dear Brother , Late of University College , Oxford ’ .
her writings [have] references to members of her family : one , from 1739 , is addressed to john and eliza bunce on the death of their young daughter ; another , among those published in her poems in 1740 , is entitled ‘ on the death of my dear brother , late of university college , oxford ’ .

By strict standards , therefore , the memoirs must contain much that can only be regarded as fiction .
by strict standards , therefore , the memoirs must [have] much that can only be regarded as fiction .

Henry Foley 's Records contain forty-eight pages of his letters , which display resolute leadership .
henry foley 's records [have] forty-eight pages of his letters , which display resolute leadership .

Much later , in 1892 , a sealed bottle of this isoprene was found to contain yellowish lumps which appeared to be similar to natural rubber .
much later , in 1892 , a sealed bottle of this isoprene was found to [have] yellowish lumps which appeared to be similar to natural rubber .

The role of the teacher/outreach worker is to guide facilitate , contain , but not to engage in critical social analysis or action .
the role of the teacher/outreach worker is to guide facilitate , [have] , but not to engage in critical social analysis or action .

Second , such approaches contain an often explicit , and always implicit , element of ideological and political control .
second , such approaches [have] an often explicit , and always implicit , element of ideological and political control .

Mrs Mallory stepped out of the doctor 's into the sunlight and bounded down the hill , scarcely able to contain her glee .
mrs mallory stepped out of the doctor 's into the sunlight and bounded down the hill , scarcely able to [have] her glee .

To firm up their security against subsequent security interests created by the company and which would otherwise have priority , floating charges almost invariably contain a provision that restricts the right of the company to create charges that have priority to or rank equally with the floating charge ( called a negative pledge clause ) .
to firm up their security against subsequent security interests created by the company and which would otherwise have priority , floating charges almost invariably [have] a provision that restricts the right of the company to create charges that have priority to or rank equally with the floating charge ( called a negative pledge clause ) .

( iii ) Defective registration It may be that the charges register fails to disclose accurately particulars of the charge ; for example , it may contain inaccurate particulars of the amount secured , or the property subject to the charge .
( iii ) defective registration it may be that the charges register fails to disclose accurately particulars of the charge ; for example , it may [have] inaccurate particulars of the amount secured , or the property subject to the charge .

Furthermore , the register of charges which the company is required to maintain may be more illuminating than that at Companies House since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at Companies House and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .
furthermore , the register of charges which the company is required to maintain may be more illuminating than that at companies house since it must now [have] entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at companies house and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .

The records must contain day-to-day entries of all money received or expended and of the matters to which that related and a record of the company 's assets and liabilities .
the records must [have] day-to-day entries of all money received or expended and of the matters to which that related and a record of the company 's assets and liabilities .

If the company 's business involves dealing in goods the records must also contain a statement of stock held at the end of the financial year and statements of stocktakings from which that was prepared , and , except in the case of goods sold in the ordinary course of retail trade , statements of all goods sold or purchased , in sufficient detail to enable the other party to be identified .
if the company 's business involves dealing in goods the records must also [have] a statement of stock held at the end of the financial year and statements of stocktakings from which that was prepared , and , except in the case of goods sold in the ordinary course of retail trade , statements of all goods sold or purchased , in sufficient detail to enable the other party to be identified .

This must contain a fair review of the development of the business of the company and its subsidiaries during the financial year and the position at the end of it , must state what amount ( if any ) they recommend should be paid as dividend , and what amount ( if any ) they propose to carry to reserves .
this must [have] a fair review of the development of the business of the company and its subsidiaries during the financial year and the position at the end of it , must state what amount ( if any ) they recommend should be paid as dividend , and what amount ( if any ) they propose to carry to reserves .

In fact , various conditions are laid down in the section itself ; in particular that the nature of the document must be made clear , and that it must contain a statement by the company 's auditors of their opinion on whether the statement is consistent with the accounts and reports and complies with the section and the regulations .
in fact , various conditions are laid down in the section itself ; in particular that the nature of the document must be made clear , and that it must [have] a statement by the company 's auditors of their opinion on whether the statement is consistent with the accounts and reports and complies with the section and the regulations .

Sections 5(4) and ( 5 ) contain somewhat unusual powers of arrest . They provide :
sections 5(4) and ( 5 ) [have] somewhat unusual powers of arrest . they provide :

There are detailed requirements as to what the notice must contain , including the date when it is intended to hold the procession , the time when it is due to start ( but not finish ) , the proposed route and the name and address of the organiser .
there are detailed requirements as to what the notice must [have] , including the date when it is intended to hold the procession , the time when it is due to start ( but not finish ) , the proposed route and the name and address of the organiser .

In the case of displayed material , for example , it would be open to a shopkeeper prosecuted for displaying a magazine entitled ‘ The British Heritage ’ to show that he believed that it was concerned with the stately homes of England rather than the racist propaganda that it actually does contain .
in the case of displayed material , for example , it would be open to a shopkeeper prosecuted for displaying a magazine entitled ‘ the british heritage ’ to show that he believed that it was concerned with the stately homes of england rather than the racist propaganda that it actually does [have] .

In the case of the cable service operator , and the producer and director of the programme in question , the defendant must show that he neither knew nor reasonably suspected that the programme would contain the offending words , or , if he did know , that he had no reasonable opportunity to remove the offending words .
in the case of the cable service operator , and the producer and director of the programme in question , the defendant must show that he neither knew nor reasonably suspected that the programme would [have] the offending words , or , if he did know , that he had no reasonable opportunity to remove the offending words .

Since dictionaries also contain information about the orthography ( i.e .
since dictionaries also [have] information about the orthography ( i.e .

We have seen that a mental lexicon must contain semantic , phonological and orthographic information about words .
we have seen that a mental lexicon must [have] semantic , phonological and orthographic information about words .

In the example given in Figure 11 , the feature analysis system detects the features curve at the top , vertical contour , and oblique contour in the first blob , while not detecting such features as horizontal contour or curve at the bottom , since the first blob does not contain these features .
in the example given in figure 11 , the feature analysis system detects the features curve at the top , vertical contour , and oblique contour in the first blob , while not detecting such features as horizontal contour or curve at the bottom , since the first blob does not [have] these features .

However , since subjects could make accurate identifications of a word at this point , it follows that the cohort did not contain 29 items but only 1 .
however , since subjects could make accurate identifications of a word at this point , it follows that the cohort did not [have] 29 items but only 1 .

We also noted that children 's interpretation of sentences can be improved by presenting a preceding context which serves to inform the child about the kind of meaning that a sentence will contain .
we also noted that children 's interpretation of sentences can be improved by presenting a preceding context which serves to inform the child about the kind of meaning that a sentence will [have] .

If the clause is the main unit of encoding then we would expect to find that almost all clauses in the speech corpus Beattie analysed should contain pauses , particularly in initial position .
if the clause is the main unit of encoding then we would expect to find that almost all clauses in the speech corpus beattie analysed should [have] pauses , particularly in initial position .

However , even in the hesitant phase , the planning of short clauses appears to have occurred during preceding utterances , since over 80 per cent of four-word clauses did not contain a pause in initial position , and nearly 75 per cent of three-word clauses did not contain any pauses at all .
however , even in the hesitant phase , the planning of short clauses appears to have occurred during preceding utterances , since over 80 per cent of four-word clauses did not [have] a pause in initial position , and nearly 75 per cent of three-word clauses did not [have] any pauses at all .

We saw in Chapter 8 that Garrett 's model of sentence production does contain these two components ; and the examples of spontaneous speech by aphasic patients we gave in sections 9.2.1 and 9.2.2 illustrate the two patterns which occur if one of the components is damaged and the other spared .
we saw in chapter 8 that garrett 's model of sentence production does [have] these two components ; and the examples of spontaneous speech by aphasic patients we gave in sections 9.2.1 and 9.2.2 illustrate the two patterns which occur if one of the components is damaged and the other spared .

The seeds of the beautiful spring-flowering laburnum are particularly toxic , for they contain a soluble alkaloid which will very quickly spell the demise of the fish .
the seeds of the beautiful spring-flowering laburnum are particularly toxic , for they [have] a soluble alkaloid which will very quickly spell the demise of the fish .

14 Cross-sectional drawing of a pool incorporating a bog garden , showing how the butyl liner is used to contain the bog garden .
14 cross-sectional drawing of a pool incorporating a bog garden , showing how the butyl liner is used to [have] the bog garden .

Even small floating pieces should be collected as these may contain caterpillars in the process of constructing their shelters .
even small floating pieces should be collected as these may [have] caterpillars in the process of constructing their shelters .

The Appropriation Accounts are concerned with monies voted by Parliament ; but although they cover a vast area they do not contain all public monies .
the appropriation accounts are concerned with monies voted by parliament ; but although they cover a vast area they do not [have] all public monies .

planning and managerial activities to contain the geophysical processes where possible ,
planning and managerial activities to [have] the geophysical processes where possible ,

Then , he let out a groan and sank into a chair , his hands over his face and his shoulders heaving as he made superhuman efforts to contain his shock and grief .
then , he let out a groan and sank into a chair , his hands over his face and his shoulders heaving as he made superhuman efforts to [have] his shock and grief .

Soviet leaders wished to contain local conflicts in the Gulf and Middle East to their region of origin and avoid the risk of escalation towards a nuclear threshold .
soviet leaders wished to [have] local conflicts in the gulf and middle east to their region of origin and avoid the risk of escalation towards a nuclear threshold .

The instrument chosen to contain the Soviet Union in Asia was the Baghdad Pact .
the instrument chosen to [have] the soviet union in asia was the baghdad pact .

With regard to the three-note chords it will be safest for the student who has no practical knowledge of string-technique to confine himself almost entirely to those which contain at least one open string . These , as well as being the easiest are also the most powerful and effective , but chords consisting of combinations of 5ths and 6ths such as the following are easy and sonorous :
with regard to the three-note chords it will be safest for the student who has no practical knowledge of string-technique to confine himself almost entirely to those which [have] at least one open string . these , as well as being the easiest are also the most powerful and effective , but chords consisting of combinations of 5ths and 6ths such as the following are easy and sonorous :

The drag , though usually appearing as above , may contain more than two preliminary grace-notes ( which really amount to an infinitesimally short roll ) .
the drag , though usually appearing as above , may [have] more than two preliminary grace-notes ( which really amount to an infinitesimally short roll ) .

It must be noted , however , that it is by no means certain in the majority of examples that the lagoons may not contain considerable thicknesses of coral .
it must be noted , however , that it is by no means certain in the majority of examples that the lagoons may not [have] considerable thicknesses of coral .

Beds representing marine invasions may contain marine shells or brackish water shells , thus giving an indication of local conditions .
beds representing marine invasions may [have] marine shells or brackish water shells , thus giving an indication of local conditions .

Freshwater beds may be shown to represent either marsh or river conditions by the nature of the freshwater Mollusca they contain .
freshwater beds may be shown to represent either marsh or river conditions by the nature of the freshwater mollusca they [have] .

In the private sector , an organisation 's corporate identity may perform this function and will contain such phrases as ‘ service with a smile ’ , ‘ the customer is always right ’ , ‘ the ultimate driving machine ’ , and so on .
in the private sector , an organisation 's corporate identity may perform this function and will [have] such phrases as ‘ service with a smile ’ , ‘ the customer is always right ’ , ‘ the ultimate driving machine ’ , and so on .

Inevitably , melodies often contain more leaps than in conventional music , or there may be a good deal of semitonal movement or inversions of semitones to create such intervals as 7ths and minor 9ths .
inevitably , melodies often [have] more leaps than in conventional music , or there may be a good deal of semitonal movement or inversions of semitones to create such intervals as 7ths and minor 9ths .

We will set ourselves the objective of increasing the degree of consonance still further , and therefore the bass will be kept consonant with all upper parts : Though the effect of this is quite good , indeed smooth and sonorous , the concept of using a bass consonant with all upper parts has produced chords which are either diminished 7ths ( chord 1 ) or contain major or minor chords .
we will set ourselves the objective of increasing the degree of consonance still further , and therefore the bass will be kept consonant with all upper parts : though the effect of this is quite good , indeed smooth and sonorous , the concept of using a bass consonant with all upper parts has produced chords which are either diminished 7ths ( chord 1 ) or [have] major or minor chords .

It could well be that for some musical purposes the above result may contain too great an element of consonance in the form of triads .
it could well be that for some musical purposes the above result may [have] too great an element of consonance in the form of triads .

Some composers use series which may contain more or fewer notes than the twelve contained in the total-chromatic , but this is uncommon , and the usage can be ignored .
some composers use series which may [have] more or fewer notes than the twelve contained in the total-chromatic , but this is uncommon , and the usage can be ignored .

Tonal series are designed to contain note-groups of a triadic nature , or to have a whole group of notes in the same key .
tonal series are designed to [have] note-groups of a triadic nature , or to have a whole group of notes in the same key .

Both records and timetables will contain messages and instructions specific to individuals if invalid module registrations have been attempted .
both records and timetables will [have] messages and instructions specific to individuals if invalid module registrations have been attempted .

There are some registry subsystems that contain key features of expert systems .
there are some registry subsystems that [have] key features of expert systems .

The Judicial Statistics contain a statement of the average amount at which bills are taxed in a particular year .
the judicial statistics [have] a statement of the average amount at which bills are taxed in a particular year .

That chance will come in the late spring when the winner will be invited to select a book from a range of 100 Faber titles ( 99 books will contain cheques for £10,000 and one book will contain a cheque for £1m ) .
that chance will come in the late spring when the winner will be invited to select a book from a range of 100 faber titles ( 99 books will [have] cheques for £10,000 and one book will [have] a cheque for £1m ) .

Thus , unless there are appreciable sources of particles within the magnetosphere it will contain far less material than the interplanetary space beyond .
thus , unless there are appreciable sources of particles within the magnetosphere it will [have] far less material than the interplanetary space beyond .

These two tendencies for electrons and ions to move away from Jupiter are opposed by the Jovian dipole field , which tends to contain the electrons and ions .
these two tendencies for electrons and ions to move away from jupiter are opposed by the jovian dipole field , which tends to [have] the electrons and ions .

Senior managers , on the other hand , mindful of the resource implications of the assessment responsibility which has been placed on their departments , may be looking for systems which will contain within manageable resource limits the potentially very high assessment workload for their staff .
senior managers , on the other hand , mindful of the resource implications of the assessment responsibility which has been placed on their departments , may be looking for systems which will [have] within manageable resource limits the potentially very high assessment workload for their staff .

It emerges from this case law that Article 190 requires that regulations , directives , and decisions should contain a statement of the reasons which led the institution to adopt them , so as to make possible a review by the Court of Justice and so that the Member States and the nationals concerned may have knowledge of the conditions under which the Community institutions have applied the Treaty .
it emerges from this case law that article 190 requires that regulations , directives , and decisions should [have] a statement of the reasons which led the institution to adopt them , so as to make possible a review by the court of justice and so that the member states and the nationals concerned may have knowledge of the conditions under which the community institutions have applied the treaty .

In current practice , individual competition decisions thus contain very long and detailed preambles setting out the reasons for the operative part which is , by comparison , quite short .
in current practice , individual competition decisions thus [have] very long and detailed preambles setting out the reasons for the operative part which is , by comparison , quite short .

Many of these sections are descriptive rather than prescriptive and contain sentences such as ‘ Most legislators are not lawyers , however , and need to rely on skilled advice ’ .
many of these sections are descriptive rather than prescriptive and [have] sentences such as ‘ most legislators are not lawyers , however , and need to rely on skilled advice ’ .

There was a polite shunting of chairs to make space for an extra one , and Eliot managed a few pleasantries while Shildon looked thoroughly annoyed by the intrusion and Harbury could not contain his delight .
there was a polite shunting of chairs to make space for an extra one , and eliot managed a few pleasantries while shildon looked thoroughly annoyed by the intrusion and harbury could not [have] his delight .

‘ It does n't follow that the bigger sites contain all the best things .
‘ it does n't follow that the bigger sites [have] all the best things .

She could not imagine how Apanage 's flimsy nets could ever contain such a monster .
she could not imagine how apanage 's flimsy nets could ever [have] such a monster .

In this instance all four parts are written in the same ink , but the inner parts contain numerous erasures and second thoughts , as well as a 16-bar gap in the viola part : as we shall see , Purcell seems to have added the entire movement later . )
in this instance all four parts are written in the same ink , but the inner parts [have] numerous erasures and second thoughts , as well as a 16-bar gap in the viola part : as we shall see , purcell seems to have added the entire movement later . )

When Giardini despatched Leone on his Continental travels in July 1763 his instructions ( including the ‘ Ten Commandments ’ of the book 's title ) contain sensible advice and reveal high hopes .
when giardini despatched leone on his continental travels in july 1763 his instructions ( including the ‘ ten commandments ’ of the book 's title ) [have] sensible advice and reveal high hopes .

Nevertheless , it does contain much revealing information about operatic fees and fascinating insights into the negotiations that surrounded them .
nevertheless , it does [have] much revealing information about operatic fees and fascinating insights into the negotiations that surrounded them .

’ It recommended that ‘ as rape is a crime which is still without statutory definition , the lack of which has caused certain difficulties , we think that this legislation should contain a comprehensive definition of the offence which would emphasise that lack of consent ( and not violence ) is the crux of the matter .
’ it recommended that ‘ as rape is a crime which is still without statutory definition , the lack of which has caused certain difficulties , we think that this legislation should [have] a comprehensive definition of the offence which would emphasise that lack of consent ( and not violence ) is the crux of the matter .

Sarah could no longer contain herself . ‘ You mean that you 've known all along and never said a word — ? ’
sarah could no longer [have] herself . ‘ you mean that you 've known all along and never said a word — ? ’

The banking hall was partitioned to contain the noise of the new computers but the hall has now been restored to its original open form .
the banking hall was partitioned to [have] the noise of the new computers but the hall has now been restored to its original open form .

An Act of Scottish Parliament in 1617 decreed that the standard pint jug was to contain ‘ three pounds seven ouncches troye of cleane rynand water from the Water of Leith ’ , but later it deteriorated .
an act of scottish parliament in 1617 decreed that the standard pint jug was to [have] ‘ three pounds seven ouncches troye of cleane rynand water from the water of leith ’ , but later it deteriorated .

4.35 Case files must contain detailed information of any threatened or actual aggressive behaviour .
4.35 case files must [have] detailed information of any threatened or actual aggressive behaviour .

the application of minimum force to contain the situation .
the application of minimum force to [have] the situation .

This report will also contain the medical adviser 's opinion of the employee 's medical condition and future fitness to return to work .
this report will also [have] the medical adviser 's opinion of the employee 's medical condition and future fitness to return to work .

10.10 The Regional Council recognises that the Teachers ' Superannuation ( Scotland ) Regulations do not contain provisions relating to an injury allowance or its equivalent .
10.10 the regional council recognises that the teachers ' superannuation ( scotland ) regulations do not [have] provisions relating to an injury allowance or its equivalent .

Article 8 should include a requirement that all Community Support Frameworks ( CSFs ) contain a statement of priorities for joint Community and national action on the environment .
article 8 should include a requirement that all community support frameworks ( csfs ) [have] a statement of priorities for joint community and national action on the environment .

In the church a carved stone shrine was erected to contain the saint 's relics .
in the church a carved stone shrine was erected to [have] the saint 's relics .

They found grasshoppers , beetles , slugs , caterpillars , spiders and then calculated on the basis of their findings that this three-and-a-half acre meadow must contain well over 100,000 large invertebrates .
they found grasshoppers , beetles , slugs , caterpillars , spiders and then calculated on the basis of their findings that this three-and-a-half acre meadow must [have] well over 100,000 large invertebrates .

All these documents also contain statements about protecting the environment and the countryside , but the message to planning authorities and local politicians is clear : Find a way to satisfy the market .
all these documents also [have] statements about protecting the environment and the countryside , but the message to planning authorities and local politicians is clear : find a way to satisfy the market .

The seismic teams are faced with some challenges in gathering data , as the concessions are in the Saharan sand sea and contain some of the largest dunes in the world .
the seismic teams are faced with some challenges in gathering data , as the concessions are in the saharan sand sea and [have] some of the largest dunes in the world .

At the same time everyone can tuck into dried fruit and nuts , torrone [ a type of chocolate or vanilla sweet with nuts ] , panettone [ a type of cake with raisins ] , or pandoro , which is softer than panettone and does not contain raisins .
at the same time everyone can tuck into dried fruit and nuts , torrone [ a type of chocolate or vanilla sweet with nuts ] , panettone [ a type of cake with raisins ] , or pandoro , which is softer than panettone and does not [have] raisins .

Yet more than 3,000 strains of bacteria have already been isolated , and may potentially contain useful new compounds .
yet more than 3,000 strains of bacteria have already been isolated , and may potentially [have] useful new compounds .

The national programmes of religious education in use in Scottish Catholic schools ( 5–14 ) already contain courses which are coherently constructed according to the principles of curriculum development , paying particular attention to continuity and progression in terms of a spiral curriculum .
the national programmes of religious education in use in scottish catholic schools ( 5–14 ) already [have] courses which are coherently constructed according to the principles of curriculum development , paying particular attention to continuity and progression in terms of a spiral curriculum .

The chain-guilloche too is interlaced more frequently ( and , therefore , is more compact ) around the bottom panel and the two panels which contain wave-crest pattern , than it is around the top panel .
the chain-guilloche too is interlaced more frequently ( and , therefore , is more compact ) around the bottom panel and the two panels which [have] wave-crest pattern , than it is around the top panel .

The roundel is `` supported `` by the intrusion of large triangles into the field , three of which contain distinctive motifs .
the roundel is `` supported `` by the intrusion of large triangles into the field , three of which [have] distinctive motifs .

The spandrels at Horkstow are figured whereas at Winterton they contain a heart-shaped cantharus .
the spandrels at horkstow are figured whereas at winterton they [have] a heart-shaped cantharus .

the utterance may be elliptical , or contain sentence-fragments or `` false-starts `` ) , but it is customary ( after Bar-Hillel ) to think of an utterance as the pairing of a sentence and a context , namely the context in which the sentence was uttered .
the utterance may be elliptical , or [have] sentence-fragments or `` false-starts `` ) , but it is customary ( after bar-hillel ) to think of an utterance as the pairing of a sentence and a context , namely the context in which the sentence was uttered .

The marshes of the Guerande contain large salt beds .
the marshes of the guerande [have] large salt beds .

Coral bleaching , caused by loss of the coral 's symbiotic algae or the chlorophyll which they contain , has been observed across the world .
coral bleaching , caused by loss of the coral 's symbiotic algae or the chlorophyll which they [have] , has been observed across the world .

Organic food found to contain pesticides
organic food found to [have] pesticides

The ban , effective from October , was introduced after an incident in which the water discharged by a British coaster into Amsterdam harbour was found to contain high levels of heavy metals and other pollutants .
the ban , effective from october , was introduced after an incident in which the water discharged by a british coaster into amsterdam harbour was found to [have] high levels of heavy metals and other pollutants .

The wildlife refuge may contain as much as three billion barrels .
the wildlife refuge may [have] as much as three billion barrels .

The nuclear industry produces waste streams which contain a variety of radioactive metal ions , the extraction of which minimises radioactive discharges .
the nuclear industry produces waste streams which [have] a variety of radioactive metal ions , the extraction of which minimises radioactive discharges .

The birds ' beaks contain pain receptors , and although they show little sign of distress immediately after the operation , pain may be delayed as is the case with human burn victims .
the birds ' beaks [have] pain receptors , and although they show little sign of distress immediately after the operation , pain may be delayed as is the case with human burn victims .

Its hold is estimated to contain some 2,000 tons of contaminated water .
its hold is estimated to [have] some 2,000 tons of contaminated water .

The School 's own library and map collection contain over 100,000 volumes and over 60,000 maps ; over 200 periodicals are taken currently and more than 130 series of research papers are taken from 70 other geography departments and research institutions .
the school 's own library and map collection [have] over 100,000 volumes and over 60,000 maps ; over 200 periodicals are taken currently and more than 130 series of research papers are taken from 70 other geography departments and research institutions .

Where suitably qualified individuals are available , electoral boards will contain at least one member of each sex .
where suitably qualified individuals are available , electoral boards will [have] at least one member of each sex .

According to the Institute 's report , the control measures could contain the rate of climate change to a level which will not do severe harm . Unprecedented co-operation between nations and strong leadership and intervention from governments will be required
according to the institute 's report , the control measures could [have] the rate of climate change to a level which will not do severe harm . unprecedented co-operation between nations and strong leadership and intervention from governments will be required

Similarly , several thousand tons of `` commercial `` waste from a German steel works was found to contain lethal polychlorinated biphenals ( PCBs ) .
similarly , several thousand tons of `` commercial `` waste from a german steel works was found to [have] lethal polychlorinated biphenals ( pcbs ) .

In another incident , 4 million tons of `` harmless `` Rhine river sludge that was sent to be dumped in a Silesian coal mine , was found to contain cobalt and cadmium .
in another incident , 4 million tons of `` harmless `` rhine river sludge that was sent to be dumped in a silesian coal mine , was found to [have] cobalt and cadmium .

The roots of the reeds contain naturally occurring bacteria which transform toxic elements contained in factory effluent , into benign substances .
the roots of the reeds [have] naturally occurring bacteria which transform toxic elements contained in factory effluent , into benign substances .

McDonald 's finally bowed to consumer pressure and announced the abolition of the polystyrene boxes that contain its hamburgers .
mcdonald 's finally bowed to consumer pressure and announced the abolition of the polystyrene boxes that [have] its hamburgers .

( 6 ) If over 49 per cent of the voting rights could be obtained , the offer document must contain specific and prominent reference to this and to the fact that if the offer succeeds the offeror will be free , subject to Rule 36.3 ( which prohibits purchases during a period of 12 months after the end of the offer period ) , to acquire further shares without incurring an obligation to make a mandatory offer ( Rule 36.6 ) .
( 6 ) if over 49 per cent of the voting rights could be obtained , the offer document must [have] specific and prominent reference to this and to the fact that if the offer succeeds the offeror will be free , subject to rule 36.3 ( which prohibits purchases during a period of 12 months after the end of the offer period ) , to acquire further shares without incurring an obligation to make a mandatory offer ( rule 36.6 ) .

( 9 ) The partial offer document must contain an explanation as to the reason why a full offer is not being made ( see para 11.3.5 below ) .
( 9 ) the partial offer document must [have] an explanation as to the reason why a full offer is not being made ( see para 11.3.5 below ) .

An announcement of a firm intention to make an offer ( as distinct from a talks announcement ) must contain the following information ( Rule 2.5(b) ) :
an announcement of a firm intention to make an offer ( as distinct from a talks announcement ) must [have] the following information ( rule 2.5(b) ) :

The announcement may contain a pre-condition to the posting of the formal offer document , in which case the offer document need not be posted until that condition is satisfied .
the announcement may [have] a pre-condition to the posting of the formal offer document , in which case the offer document need not be posted until that condition is satisfied .

The document containing the advice must contain a Rule 19.2 responsibility statement by the directors .
the document containing the advice must [have] a rule 19.2 responsibility statement by the directors .

It is understandable that leases of premises in shopping centres may contain restrictions on the opening hours of the premises either because of centralised heating and other services or because the main gates to the centre , or to the servicing facilities , are closed .
it is understandable that leases of premises in shopping centres may [have] restrictions on the opening hours of the premises either because of centralised heating and other services or because the main gates to the centre , or to the servicing facilities , are closed .

2.15.8 the plant rooms ducts walkways channels and other areas which house or contain the items described in clause 2.15.7 and
2.15.8 the plant rooms ducts walkways channels and other areas which house or [have] the items described in clause 2.15.7 and

5.7.3 Without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the Premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the Premises It may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the Landlord 's obligations contained in this Lease Almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .
5.7.3 without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the premises it may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the landlord 's obligations contained in this lease almost all leases will [have] a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .

5.9.5 On a permitted assignment to a limited company and if the Landlord shall [ reasonably ] so require to procure that at least [ 2 ] directors of the company or some other guarantor or guarantors [ reasonably ] acceptable to the Landlord enter into direct covenants with the Landlord in the form of the Guarantor 's covenant contained in this Lease with " the Assignee " substituted for " the Tenant " [ 5.9.6 That each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of the Premises [ to be approved by the Landlord prior to any such underlease ] [ and to be determined by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ] or the Rent then being paid ( whichever shall be the greater ) such rent being payable in advance on the days on which Rent is payable under this Lease and shall contain provisions approved by the Landlord :
5.9.5 on a permitted assignment to a limited company and if the landlord shall [ reasonably ] so require to procure that at least [ 2 ] directors of the company or some other guarantor or guarantors [ reasonably ] acceptable to the landlord enter into direct covenants with the landlord in the form of the guarantor 's covenant contained in this lease with " the assignee " substituted for " the tenant " [ 5.9.6 that each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of the premises [ to be approved by the landlord prior to any such underlease ] [ and to be determined by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ] or the rent then being paid ( whichever shall be the greater ) such rent being payable in advance on the days on which rent is payable under this lease and shall [have] provisions approved by the landlord :

Some alienation provisions contain surrender-back clauses which should be strongly resisted by the tenant , as they lead to uncertainty as to whether the tenant will be permitted to assign the lease to the person of its choosing , and unless carefully worded could result in the tenant obtaining less from the landlord on surrender than it would have done from the assignee .
some alienation provisions [have] surrender-back clauses which should be strongly resisted by the tenant , as they lead to uncertainty as to whether the tenant will be permitted to assign the lease to the person of its choosing , and unless carefully worded could result in the tenant obtaining less from the landlord on surrender than it would have done from the assignee .

Clauses 5.9.6 to 5.9.11 could be amended as follows : [ 5.9.6 That each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of [ the Premises ] [ that part of the Premises to be underlet ] such rent being payable in advance on the days on which Rent is payable under this Lease and shall contain provisions :
clauses 5.9.6 to 5.9.11 could be amended as follows : [ 5.9.6 that each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of [ the premises ] [ that part of the premises to be underlet ] such rent being payable in advance on the days on which rent is payable under this lease and shall [have] provisions :

It is important to try to contain the scope of the costs that may be recoverable , eg whereas a surveyor 's fees may be reasonable to seek to recover , it is arguable that it may not be reasonable for the landlord to instruct an architect in respect of the matters contemplated by this clause .
it is important to try to [have] the scope of the costs that may be recoverable , eg whereas a surveyor 's fees may be reasonable to seek to recover , it is arguable that it may not be reasonable for the landlord to instruct an architect in respect of the matters contemplated by this clause .

The lease will indeed quite often contain extensive insurance provisions with this in mind and to ensure that all costs in respect of insurance are paid for by the tenant and not the landlord .
the lease will indeed quite often [have] extensive insurance provisions with this in mind and to ensure that all costs in respect of insurance are paid for by the tenant and not the landlord .

It is accordingly advisable for the lease to contain a right to terminate the lease if reinstatement has not taken place within a reasonable period .
it is accordingly advisable for the lease to [have] a right to terminate the lease if reinstatement has not taken place within a reasonable period .

7.7.9.2 to pay to the Landlord on demand with Interest the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply ] It is not unreasonable for a lease to contain a provision that the tenant will pay for the reinstatement of premises where insurance has been vitiated subject to a limitation being placed on the persons who can trigger this provision and possibly subject to the tenant being allowed to receive the payable insurance money as the reinstatement progresses . The following amendment to 7.7.9.2 should however be considered :
7.7.9.2 to pay to the landlord on demand with interest the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply ] it is not unreasonable for a lease to [have] a provision that the tenant will pay for the reinstatement of premises where insurance has been vitiated subject to a limitation being placed on the persons who can trigger this provision and possibly subject to the tenant being allowed to receive the payable insurance money as the reinstatement progresses . the following amendment to 7.7.9.2 should however be considered :

7.7.9.2 To pay to the Landlord on demand with Interest ( where the Landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the Premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 Increase or decrease of the Centre If at any time during the Term the Centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the Insurance Rent Percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the Landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator This requires no comment . [ 7.9 Landlord 's insurance covenants The Landlord covenants with the Tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the Landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this Lease :
7.7.9.2 to pay to the landlord on demand with interest ( where the landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should [have] the following amendment : … anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 increase or decrease of the centre if at any time during the term the centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the insurance rent percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator this requires no comment . [ 7.9 landlord 's insurance covenants the landlord covenants with the tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this lease :

9.1.6 the Tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the Landlord may re-enter the Premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the Term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the Landlord against the Tenant or the Guarantor [ or to the Tenant against the Landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this Lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) All leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .
9.1.6 the tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the landlord may re-enter the premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the landlord against the tenant or the guarantor [ or to the tenant against the landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) all leases will , or should , [have] a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .

Some leases contain rather more elaborate provisos such as : `` no demand for or acceptance of rent by the landlord or its agents with knowledge of a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the tenant contained in these presents shall be or be deemed to be a waiver wholly or partially of any such breach but such breach shall be deemed to be a continuing breach of covenant `` .
some leases [have] rather more elaborate provisos such as : `` no demand for or acceptance of rent by the landlord or its agents with knowledge of a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the tenant contained in these presents shall be or be deemed to be a waiver wholly or partially of any such breach but such breach shall be deemed to be a continuing breach of covenant `` .

However , the general precedents often contain little or no guidance about when to use a particular form , or why a particular term is drafted in a particular way ( although many firms ' own in-house precedents are accompanied by a commentary explaining the terms and offering suggestions for modifications ) .
however , the general precedents often [have] little or no guidance about when to use a particular form , or why a particular term is drafted in a particular way ( although many firms ' own in-house precedents are accompanied by a commentary explaining the terms and offering suggestions for modifications ) .

Similarly , the buyer 's terms of purchase might contain a provision to deal with late delivery : ( a ) If the Seller fails to deliver the goods in accordance with the terms of this contract , the Buyer is entitled to terminate the contract with immediate effect .
similarly , the buyer 's terms of purchase might [have] a provision to deal with late delivery : ( a ) if the seller fails to deliver the goods in accordance with the terms of this contract , the buyer is entitled to terminate the contract with immediate effect .

The contract may also contain procedural terms designed to facilitate the resolution of any disputes which may arise , for instance , concerning the procedure for notifying claims and the evidence which may be adduced .
the contract may also [have] procedural terms designed to facilitate the resolution of any disputes which may arise , for instance , concerning the procedure for notifying claims and the evidence which may be adduced .

( d ) Special problems Provisions relating to time The terms may contain a number of provisions concerned with periods of time : for example , they may set limits on the time for action to be taken , including the time for delivery , the service of notices , notification of claims and payment of the price .
( d ) special problems provisions relating to time the terms may [have] a number of provisions concerned with periods of time : for example , they may set limits on the time for action to be taken , including the time for delivery , the service of notices , notification of claims and payment of the price .

If not , the reference to the terms should at least draw attention to the fact that the terms contain exclusion clauses .
if not , the reference to the terms should at least draw attention to the fact that the terms [have] exclusion clauses .

The terms of buyers and sellers are likely to contain very different provisions , since they will have been prepared to protect the interests of the particular business .
the terms of buyers and sellers are likely to [have] very different provisions , since they will have been prepared to protect the interests of the particular business .

The contract will generally contain an express warranty intended to be in substitution for a condition which would otherwise be imposed .
the contract will generally [have] an express warranty intended to be in substitution for a condition which would otherwise be imposed .

In that case , as already suggested , the contract will also have to contain an express exclusion of the implied condition .
in that case , as already suggested , the contract will also have to [have] an express exclusion of the implied condition .

The first was based on the concept that a contract might contain a fundamental term — a core obligation — so that a failure to perform the fundamental term would amount to a total failure to perform the contract .
the first was based on the concept that a contract might [have] a fundamental term — a core obligation — so that a failure to perform the fundamental term would amount to a total failure to perform the contract .

In the event of dealing with leasehold property , the seller should be asked to complete an `` additional property information `` form , which does in fact contain a series of questions peculiar to leasehold premises such as management accounts , service charges , etc , and you should ask the seller both for evidence that the rent has been paid up to date and for evidence of current insurance cover .
in the event of dealing with leasehold property , the seller should be asked to complete an `` additional property information `` form , which does in fact [have] a series of questions peculiar to leasehold premises such as management accounts , service charges , etc , and you should ask the seller both for evidence that the rent has been paid up to date and for evidence of current insurance cover .

The contract should contain a plan to enable the buyer 's conveyancer to undertake a local authority search .
the contract should [have] a plan to enable the buyer 's conveyancer to undertake a local authority search .

Every buyer , prospective lessee and mortgagee of unregistered land should search before completion — no search is necessary in the case of registered land , whose Registers contain all the protective entries a purchaser needs ( except overriding interests — p73 below ) .
every buyer , prospective lessee and mortgagee of unregistered land should search before completion — no search is necessary in the case of registered land , whose registers [have] all the protective entries a purchaser needs ( except overriding interests — p73 below ) .

( a ) What the Registers contain The three registers that make up the Entries on the Register — the Property Register , the Proprietorship Register and the Charges Register — contain the whole title of the registered proprietor including entries protective of the rights and interests of third parties by registration of notices , cautions , inhibitions and restrictions .
( a ) what the registers [have] the three registers that make up the entries on the register — the property register , the proprietorship register and the charges register — [have] the whole title of the registered proprietor including entries protective of the rights and interests of third parties by registration of notices , cautions , inhibitions and restrictions .

( a ) What the Registers contain The Registers record what the title suggests .
( a ) what the registers [have] the registers record what the title suggests .

( a ) What the records contain British Coal 's records show land where underground or opencast workings are ( or are contemplated ) except for the anomalous Forest of Dean Coalfield , Gloucestershire and area , where ancient private rights of mining are not recorded by British Coal .
( a ) what the records [have] british coal 's records show land where underground or opencast workings are ( or are contemplated ) except for the anomalous forest of dean coalfield , gloucestershire and area , where ancient private rights of mining are not recorded by british coal .

The form should be addressed to the appropriate District Land Registry and should contain the title number and a full description of the property by reference to the necessary elements of its address .
the form should be addressed to the appropriate district land registry and should [have] the title number and a full description of the property by reference to the necessary elements of its address .

Where any action needs to be taken , make a note in the margin ; eg when the replies contain information that should be passed on to your client , put a marginal note `` Buyer `` ; when the reply indicates that there is an error in the abstract supplied to you , mark it `` Abstract `` ; and tick these marginal notes as you take the necessary action , for example , when you write to the buyer , or amend your abstract .
where any action needs to be taken , make a note in the margin ; eg when the replies [have] information that should be passed on to your client , put a marginal note `` buyer `` ; when the reply indicates that there is an error in the abstract supplied to you , mark it `` abstract `` ; and tick these marginal notes as you take the necessary action , for example , when you write to the buyer , or amend your abstract .

Short-term leases , if they do n't contain an absolute bar to assignment , commonly contain a covenant by the lessee not to assign the lease without the lessor 's licence , and usually provide that such licence shall not be unreasonably withheld — if such proviso is omitted , then acting for a prospective lessee you should always insert it in the draft .
short-term leases , if they do n't [have] an absolute bar to assignment , commonly [have] a covenant by the lessee not to assign the lease without the lessor 's licence , and usually provide that such licence shall not be unreasonably withheld — if such proviso is omitted , then acting for a prospective lessee you should always insert it in the draft .

This is obvious when one considers that two identical copies of a blueprint clearly contain the same information , but two identical cars are not the same car .
this is obvious when one considers that two identical copies of a blueprint clearly [have] the same information , but two identical cars are not the same car .

Special provisions apply to portfolios which contain futures and other derivatives .
special provisions apply to portfolios which [have] futures and other derivatives .

They differ both in terms of the types of deictic references they contain , and in terms of the degree of overlap that readers are likely to perceive between the evoked situations of utterance and the actual contexts of production and reception of the texts .
they differ both in terms of the types of deictic references they [have] , and in terms of the degree of overlap that readers are likely to perceive between the evoked situations of utterance and the actual contexts of production and reception of the texts .

Extra care must be taken with case records which contain information about suspected rather than convicted abusers and suspects must be informed and given an opportunity to challenge the information and make representations ( para 6.54 ) .
extra care must be taken with case records which [have] information about suspected rather than convicted abusers and suspects must be informed and given an opportunity to challenge the information and make representations ( para 6.54 ) .

Each statement must be dated and signed by the maker and must contain a declaration that the maker believes the statement to be true and understands that it may be placed before the court .
each statement must be dated and signed by the maker and must [have] a declaration that the maker believes the statement to be true and understands that it may be placed before the court .

It should contain law reports , books on personal injury , journals , box files of the newspaper cuttings and videos .
it should [have] law reports , books on personal injury , journals , box files of the newspaper cuttings and videos .

Word processors have some database facilities , but these can be enhanced to contain client and related party ( courts , defendants , doctors ) information that is inputted once , and then retrieved in letters and other documents .
word processors have some database facilities , but these can be enhanced to [have] client and related party ( courts , defendants , doctors ) information that is inputted once , and then retrieved in letters and other documents .

They will probably be fairly reluctant to assist , given that your client is not a member of their union , but they might be persuaded to part with the safety minutes which contain relevant complaints that predate the accident .
they will probably be fairly reluctant to assist , given that your client is not a member of their union , but they might be persuaded to part with the safety minutes which [have] relevant complaints that predate the accident .

In such cases they will escape , unless they have been negligent , or at least ought to have known that the publication `` was of such a character that it was likely to contain libellous matter `` .
in such cases they will escape , unless they have been negligent , or at least ought to have known that the publication `` was of such a character that it was likely to [have] libellous matter `` .

Editors sometimes justify their refusal to publish letters by victims of attacks in their newspapers , on the grounds that they contain passages libellous of their journalists .
editors sometimes justify their refusal to publish letters by victims of attacks in their newspapers , on the grounds that they [have] passages libellous of their journalists .

In others , such as the strongyloids , it is large , and opens into a buccal capsule , which may contain teeth ; such parasites , when feeding , draw a plug of mucosa into the buccal capsule ( Fig.3 ) , where it is broken down by the action of enzymes which are secreted into the capsule from adjacent glands .
in others , such as the strongyloids , it is large , and opens into a buccal capsule , which may [have] teeth ; such parasites , when feeding , draw a plug of mucosa into the buccal capsule ( fig.3 ) , where it is broken down by the action of enzymes which are secreted into the capsule from adjacent glands .

Heavily infected animals , whose lungs contain several thousand developing worms , may die from day 15 onwards due to respiratory failure following the development ment of severe interstitial emphysema an pulmonary oedema .
heavily infected animals , whose lungs [have] several thousand developing worms , may die from day 15 onwards due to respiratory failure following the development ment of severe interstitial emphysema an pulmonary oedema .

In severe infections , diarrhoea , which may contain blood and in which worms may be found , is the most common clinical sign .
in severe infections , diarrhoea , which may [have] blood and in which worms may be found , is the most common clinical sign .

Usually the adult worms , soon after arrival at the perirenal site , are encapsulated in cysts , which may contain greenish pus .
usually the adult worms , soon after arrival at the perirenal site , are encapsulated in cysts , which may [have] greenish pus .

In suckled pups the anaemia is often severe and is accompanied by diarrhoea which may contain blood and mucus .
in suckled pups the anaemia is often severe and is accompanied by diarrhoea which may [have] blood and mucus .

‘ That 's nothing to do with it , ’ she replied chokily , barely able to contain her anger .
‘ that 's nothing to do with it , ’ she replied chokily , barely able to [have] her anger .

String variables may contain up to 255 characters .
string variables may [have] up to 255 characters .

The following sections contain examples of complete programs for serial files and random files .
the following sections [have] examples of complete programs for serial files and random files .

Nor does the contrary proposition , that the law does not contain the clear meaning if the legislators did not intend it and would have rejected it if it had been brought to their attention .
nor does the contrary proposition , that the law does not [have] the clear meaning if the legislators did not intend it and would have rejected it if it had been brought to their attention .

To create databases that contain local statistics and are tailored to the needs of particular units of work within the curriculum .
to create databases that [have] local statistics and are tailored to the needs of particular units of work within the curriculum .

The Modern Studies data files contain references to all media in the library — including periodical articles , video programmes , books and newspaper cuttings , so all pupils are required to make only one search for information .
the modern studies data files [have] references to all media in the library — including periodical articles , video programmes , books and newspaper cuttings , so all pupils are required to make only one search for information .

The tutor 's guides should contain program information i.e .
the tutor 's guides should [have] program information i.e .

Thirdly , he encouraged health improvements in an effort to raise the standards of hygiene and sought to contain the sweeping epidemics that intermittently tore through the population .
thirdly , he encouraged health improvements in an effort to raise the standards of hygiene and sought to [have] the sweeping epidemics that intermittently tore through the population .

Strictly the transfer should contain no reference to the husband 's beneficial interest in the matrimonial home ; this is a minor interest and will disappear with the alteration of the register ( see Key and Elphinstone 's Precedents in Conveyancing , 15th edn , vol 3 , p449 , and Hallett 's Conveyancing Precedents , Sweet and Maxwell , 1965 , p1286 ) .
strictly the transfer should [have] no reference to the husband 's beneficial interest in the matrimonial home ; this is a minor interest and will disappear with the alteration of the register ( see key and elphinstone 's precedents in conveyancing , 15th edn , vol 3 , p449 , and hallett 's conveyancing precedents , sweet and maxwell , 1965 , p1286 ) .

The precedents which follow , therefore , contain not only an assignment of the husband 's equitable interest in the property but also a conveyance of the legal estate to new trustees .
the precedents which follow , therefore , [have] not only an assignment of the husband 's equitable interest in the property but also a conveyance of the legal estate to new trustees .

In contrast , Precedents 44 and 45 should contain two certificates ( depending on the consideration ) as they include a conveyance by court order to the wife and a sale .
in contrast , precedents 44 and 45 should [have] two certificates ( depending on the consideration ) as they include a conveyance by court order to the wife and a sale .

The declaration of trust referred to in the previous section should contain not only the trusts upon which the former matrimonial home is held but in addition clauses relating to : ( i ) Repairs — Outside trustees will particularly wish to ensure that they are under no obligation to see to the maintenance and repair of the property , and under no liability in respect of lack of maintenance and repair ( see p95 ) .
the declaration of trust referred to in the previous section should [have] not only the trusts upon which the former matrimonial home is held but in addition clauses relating to : ( i ) repairs — outside trustees will particularly wish to ensure that they are under no obligation to see to the maintenance and repair of the property , and under no liability in respect of lack of maintenance and repair ( see p95 ) .

( iii ) Charging clause — If any of the trustees are professional people ( such as a solicitor ) or such a trustee is likely to be appointed in the future , the trust document should contain the usual charging clause .
( iii ) charging clause — if any of the trustees are professional people ( such as a solicitor ) or such a trustee is likely to be appointed in the future , the trust document should [have] the usual charging clause .

Very few court orders , whereby the husband is to take a charge over the former matrimonial home , contain details of the specific provisions to be contained in such charge .
very few court orders , whereby the husband is to take a charge over the former matrimonial home , [have] details of the specific provisions to be contained in such charge .

Boiling with rage , yet forced to keep a fixed smile on her face while Carole Meadows continued showing them around the small guest cottage , Laura could barely contain her fury . Interesting and indeed impressive as it might have been to learn that the drinking water was purified through an electric purifier , and that the shower contained a tension-soothing massage attachment , everything paled into insignificance beside her overwhelming desire to give her loathsome husband 's shins a very painful kick !
boiling with rage , yet forced to keep a fixed smile on her face while carole meadows continued showing them around the small guest cottage , laura could barely [have] her fury . interesting and indeed impressive as it might have been to learn that the drinking water was purified through an electric purifier , and that the shower contained a tension-soothing massage attachment , everything paled into insignificance beside her overwhelming desire to give her loathsome husband 's shins a very painful kick !

Danny could barely contain himself and was pointing excitedly to the funfair on the spare ground on the far side of the factory .
danny could barely [have] himself and was pointing excitedly to the funfair on the spare ground on the far side of the factory .

Although joint venture programmes have expanded rapidly in recent years , care has been taken to contain the growth of core staff .
although joint venture programmes have expanded rapidly in recent years , care has been taken to [have] the growth of core staff .

There is every reason to suppose that this loss of predictability occurs as a property of the Navier-Stokes and continuity equations , although these equations contain the determinism of classical mechanics .
there is every reason to suppose that this loss of predictability occurs as a property of the navier-stokes and continuity equations , although these equations [have] the determinism of classical mechanics .

Then the cellular pattern arising when Ra is a little above critical is likely to contain dislocations and grain boundaries ( Section 22.3 ) .
then the cellular pattern arising when ra is a little above critical is likely to [have] dislocations and grain boundaries ( section 22.3 ) .

Some of them contain printed reports , some sheaves of handwritten minutes held together by Treasury tags .
some of them [have] printed reports , some sheaves of handwritten minutes held together by treasury tags .

The stomach contents of the small squirrel , Sundasciurus lowii , on Siberut Island west of Sumatra , contain an average 4 % bark in which 90 % of its food trees are represented .
the stomach contents of the small squirrel , sundasciurus lowii , on siberut island west of sumatra , [have] an average 4 % bark in which 90 % of its food trees are represented .

Although twice as high a proportion of tropical plants contain potentially toxic alkaloids compared with extra-tropical ones and , although these are often concentrated in the young tissues of plants , insects specializing on such tissues may have rather unsophisticated problems compared with those feeding on mature leaves , where so much ‘ secondary chemistry ’ is manifest .
although twice as high a proportion of tropical plants [have] potentially toxic alkaloids compared with extra-tropical ones and , although these are often concentrated in the young tissues of plants , insects specializing on such tissues may have rather unsophisticated problems compared with those feeding on mature leaves , where so much ‘ secondary chemistry ’ is manifest .

Sloth faeces , estimated to contain half the leaf material , are returned to the ground around the trees : the three-toed sloth actually buries them !
sloth faeces , estimated to [have] half the leaf material , are returned to the ground around the trees : the three-toed sloth actually buries them !

Some ant chambers contain fungi and these are kept in check by nematodes ( cf .
some ant chambers [have] fungi and these are kept in check by nematodes ( cf .

When non-exclusive fruit-eating passerines ( in Israel ) were kept on exclusively fruit diets , they lost weight as the protein digestibility increased : they ingested more energy and protein than was required but digested less , suggesting that the fruits may contain agents that reduce the efficiency of nitrogen metabolism , such that dispersal is improved because birds must move away from the fruit source to seek out insects or other animal proteins to balance their diet .
when non-exclusive fruit-eating passerines ( in israel ) were kept on exclusively fruit diets , they lost weight as the protein digestibility increased : they ingested more energy and protein than was required but digested less , suggesting that the fruits may [have] agents that reduce the efficiency of nitrogen metabolism , such that dispersal is improved because birds must move away from the fruit source to seek out insects or other animal proteins to balance their diet .

So far as is known there is no toxic substance in palm fruits , but by contrast , the seeds of Lauraceae contain alkaloids : the avocado pear ( Persea americana ) , for example , has a poisonous seed .
so far as is known there is no toxic substance in palm fruits , but by contrast , the seeds of lauraceae [have] alkaloids : the avocado pear ( persea americana ) , for example , has a poisonous seed .

The guts of birds may contain seeds of more than one species of plant at any one time and , in eastern North America the greatest mixing of seeds and consequential passing of seeds in faeces is of seeds from fruits with low nutritional quality and , perhaps not surprisingly , of small rather than large seeds .
the guts of birds may [have] seeds of more than one species of plant at any one time and , in eastern north america the greatest mixing of seeds and consequential passing of seeds in faeces is of seeds from fruits with low nutritional quality and , perhaps not surprisingly , of small rather than large seeds .

were examined and found to contain 78 species of seeds , of which 70 were viable .
were examined and found to [have] 78 species of seeds , of which 70 were viable .

The attraction for the bees may be conditioned or due to ‘ taste ’ but it must be noted that nectars contain things besides sugars , particularly lipids , amino acids and proteins as well as alkaloids , non-protein amino acids and phenols .
the attraction for the bees may be conditioned or due to ‘ taste ’ but it must be noted that nectars [have] things besides sugars , particularly lipids , amino acids and proteins as well as alkaloids , non-protein amino acids and phenols .

Although it has been argued that nectar might contain repellents to ants that otherwise predominate on sugary substrates in the tropics , it is found that ants will take this nectar when it is presented to them , though the floral parts of such flowers may be less palatable .
although it has been argued that nectar might [have] repellents to ants that otherwise predominate on sugary substrates in the tropics , it is found that ants will take this nectar when it is presented to them , though the floral parts of such flowers may be less palatable .

It should also be borne in mind that some high turnover projects contain a considerable element of government grants which are paid to the Council ‘ en bloc ’ for further distribution to participants .
it should also be borne in mind that some high turnover projects [have] a considerable element of government grants which are paid to the council ‘ en bloc ’ for further distribution to participants .

These contain brief descriptions of each entrée , the names of some of the performers , the texts of the vocal airs , and verses written in honour of some of the noble participants ( see illus.1 ) .
these [have] brief descriptions of each entrée , the names of some of the performers , the texts of the vocal airs , and verses written in honour of some of the noble participants ( see illus.1 ) .

However , the scoring information they contain comes in the form of lists of performers in a given entrée that , although valuable , are subject to certain limitations .
however , the scoring information they [have] comes in the form of lists of performers in a given entrée that , although valuable , are subject to certain limitations .

These also contain timings of all movements .
these also [have] timings of all movements .

Surprisingly , his library did not contain works for flute .
surprisingly , his library did not [have] works for flute .

No point even trying to contain it demurely now .
no point even trying to [have] it demurely now .

She could contain her dislike for this character for a few days , could n't she ?
she could [have] her dislike for this character for a few days , could n't she ?

Pregnancy had lent a translucent quality to her looks , but the smiles she frequently aimed at Guy seemed to contain an extra radiance .
pregnancy had lent a translucent quality to her looks , but the smiles she frequently aimed at guy seemed to [have] an extra radiance .

Thankful that , though her ankle was still painful if she put any weight on it , her foot was n't swollen , Luce put on a pair of yellow flat-heeled sandals and , unable to contain her impatience a moment longer , picked up the crutch and headed down the corridor .
thankful that , though her ankle was still painful if she put any weight on it , her foot was n't swollen , luce put on a pair of yellow flat-heeled sandals and , unable to [have] her impatience a moment longer , picked up the crutch and headed down the corridor .

Luce could barely contain her excitement , but after tapping and examining every inch of the panelling they were forced to admit defeat .
luce could barely [have] her excitement , but after tapping and examining every inch of the panelling they were forced to admit defeat .

Juliet could hardly contain herself .
juliet could hardly [have] herself .

It was only for the benefit of anyone who might be watching , she reminded herself grimly , but she could n't ignore the tremor of longing deep within her , a longing almost too strong to contain .
it was only for the benefit of anyone who might be watching , she reminded herself grimly , but she could n't ignore the tremor of longing deep within her , a longing almost too strong to [have] .

She was whirling higher and higher , her body finding for itself a rhythm it had never been taught , till unknowingly she cried his name aloud , unable to contain the feelings building to explosion point a second longer .
she was whirling higher and higher , her body finding for itself a rhythm it had never been taught , till unknowingly she cried his name aloud , unable to [have] the feelings building to explosion point a second longer .

‘ Why , you … ! ’ Leith yelled , and as fury which she just could not contain spiralled out of control , her right hand arced through the air , and even as she hit him with all her strength , she was still yelling , ‘ Since it seems to be taking so long to sink in , you can bank on it — whoever pays my mortgage , you 're far , far at the back of the queue ! ’ With that , careless of his obvious amazement that someone of her slender weight could not only pack such a punch but dare to do so , she spun rapidly round and raced back the way she had come .
‘ why , you … ! ’ leith yelled , and as fury which she just could not [have] spiralled out of control , her right hand arced through the air , and even as she hit him with all her strength , she was still yelling , ‘ since it seems to be taking so long to sink in , you can bank on it — whoever pays my mortgage , you 're far , far at the back of the queue ! ’ with that , careless of his obvious amazement that someone of her slender weight could not only pack such a punch but dare to do so , she spun rapidly round and raced back the way she had come .

She went , despising herself for her eagerness and unable to contain it , and watched the charismatic and social side of Jack at work with his colleagues .
she went , despising herself for her eagerness and unable to [have] it , and watched the charismatic and social side of jack at work with his colleagues .

She had the woman stripped and covered with a blanket in moments , and bit her lip to contain her anger .
she had the woman stripped and covered with a blanket in moments , and bit her lip to [have] her anger .

Still , as she made her way up the narrow staircase to the agency office at five minutes to ten , it was hard to contain her excitement .
still , as she made her way up the narrow staircase to the agency office at five minutes to ten , it was hard to [have] her excitement .

Although these two types of margin are associated with distinct types of landscape , they may occur in close proximity owing to the tendency of transform faults to contain offset segments or to have a sinuous form rather than being purely straight ( Fig .
although these two types of margin are associated with distinct types of landscape , they may occur in close proximity owing to the tendency of transform faults to [have] offset segments or to have a sinuous form rather than being purely straight ( fig .

Many mountain belts situated along present or past plate boundaries contain numerous individual slivers of crust some of which , on the basis of palaeomagnetic and structural evidence , together with their assemblage of rock types , appear to have travelled great distances before arriving in their present positions .
many mountain belts situated along present or past plate boundaries [have] numerous individual slivers of crust some of which , on the basis of palaeomagnetic and structural evidence , together with their assemblage of rock types , appear to have travelled great distances before arriving in their present positions .

Divergence across the fault leads to subsidence and the formation of shallow , elongated troughs or sags , typically a few tens of metres across and a few hundred metres long , which , many contain a sag pond .
divergence across the fault leads to subsidence and the formation of shallow , elongated troughs or sags , typically a few tens of metres across and a few hundred metres long , which , many [have] a sag pond .

Both of these edited volumes contain a number of relevant and clearly written papers on a variety of specific topics .
both of these edited volumes [have] a number of relevant and clearly written papers on a variety of specific topics .

Igneous rocks can be classified on the basis of the proportion of silica ( ) that they contain .
igneous rocks can be classified on the basis of the proportion of silica ( ) that they [have] .

Large strato-volcanoes invariably contain lava flows which help to support the weight of overlying tephra and in fact most contain a complex network of lava flows together with horizontal and vertical igneous intrusions known respectively as sills and dykes ( dikes ) ( Fig .
large strato-volcanoes invariably [have] lava flows which help to support the weight of overlying tephra and in fact most [have] a complex network of lava flows together with horizontal and vertical igneous intrusions known respectively as sills and dykes ( dikes ) ( fig .

All substances contain various amounts of energy within their chemical structures in rather the same way that the ball in Figure 6.4 possesses a potential energy proportional to its height above some datum .
all substances [have] various amounts of energy within their chemical structures in rather the same way that the ball in figure 6.4 possesses a potential energy proportional to its height above some datum .

Limestones contain a high proportion of calcium carbonate ( nearly always in the form of the mineral calcite ) and its weathering involves complex reversible reactions with carbon dioxide in the soil or subterranean atmosphere and carbonic acid in natural waters ( Fig .
limestones [have] a high proportion of calcium carbonate ( nearly always in the form of the mineral calcite ) and its weathering involves complex reversible reactions with carbon dioxide in the soil or subterranean atmosphere and carbonic acid in natural waters ( fig .

As electronic records represent a new resource their location and the descriptions of the data they contain can not easily be made accessible .
as electronic records represent a new resource their location and the descriptions of the data they [have] can not easily be made accessible .

Paper , and parchment before it , have a long shelf life although acid paper used in abundance after the 1830s did contain the seeds of its own destruction .
paper , and parchment before it , have a long shelf life although acid paper used in abundance after the 1830s did [have] the seeds of its own destruction .

Bulletin boards , for example , can be used to advertise conferences or seminars to people who may be interested because they are in the same profession or may contain data packages , open for use by any user .
bulletin boards , for example , can be used to advertise conferences or seminars to people who may be interested because they are in the same profession or may [have] data packages , open for use by any user .

Both English civil and criminal evidential statutes contain provisions concerned with how the court should judge the weight , or probative value , of the evidence .
both english civil and criminal evidential statutes [have] provisions concerned with how the court should judge the weight , or probative value , of the evidence .

Our own collections as yet contain little or no computer-generated material , but without any doubt they will soon do so .
our own collections as yet [have] little or no computer-generated material , but without any doubt they will soon do so .

Archives which contain unique and valuable collections of information must be protected in order to serve future historians .
archives which [have] unique and valuable collections of information must be protected in order to serve future historians .

The great city — say at this period a settlement of more than 200,000 , including a scattering of metropolitan towns of more than half a million — was not so much industrial ( though it might contain a good many factories ) as a centre of commerce , transport , administration and the multiplicity of services which a large concentration of people attracts and which in turn swell their number .
the great city — say at this period a settlement of more than 200,000 , including a scattering of metropolitan towns of more than half a million — was not so much industrial ( though it might [have] a good many factories ) as a centre of commerce , transport , administration and the multiplicity of services which a large concentration of people attracts and which in turn swell their number .

The skies appeared to contain little that would have startled older astronomers , apart from a host of new observations by means of more powerful telescopes and measuring instruments ( both largely German developments ) and the use of the new technique of photography , as well as spectroscopic analysis , first applied to the light of the stars in 1861 , which was to turn out to be an enormously powerful tool of research .
the skies appeared to [have] little that would have startled older astronomers , apart from a host of new observations by means of more powerful telescopes and measuring instruments ( both largely german developments ) and the use of the new technique of photography , as well as spectroscopic analysis , first applied to the light of the stars in 1861 , which was to turn out to be an enormously powerful tool of research .

They argued that , even if governments were prepared to use demand restriction and high unemployment to reduce , or at least to contain , upward pressure on money wages , there was no longer any guarantee that such policies would work .
they argued that , even if governments were prepared to use demand restriction and high unemployment to reduce , or at least to [have] , upward pressure on money wages , there was no longer any guarantee that such policies would work .

The particulars of claim must contain information as to the circumstances in which it is alleged that the liability of the Crown has arisen and as to the government departments and officers of the Crown concerned ( Ord 42 , r 4 ) .
the particulars of claim must [have] information as to the circumstances in which it is alleged that the liability of the crown has arisen and as to the government departments and officers of the crown concerned ( ord 42 , r 4 ) .

[ The request for summons and the particulars of claim must contain the certificates required by Ord 3 , r 3 ( 5 ) — ( 8 ) or r 4 ( 7 ) .
[ the request for summons and the particulars of claim must [have] the certificates required by ord 3 , r 3 ( 5 ) — ( 8 ) or r 4 ( 7 ) .

The summons must contain the name of one witness only , but may be issued in blank .
the summons must [have] the name of one witness only , but may be issued in blank .

1.45 Pleadings in running-down cases are usually in common form and none more so than the defence — often a straight denial of everything the plaintiff claims , although Ord 18 , r12 ( 1 ) ( c ) requires that where a claim for damages is made against a party , a defence must contain particulars of any facts on which the party relies in mitigation of , or otherwise in relation to , the amount of damages .
1.45 pleadings in running-down cases are usually in common form and none more so than the defence — often a straight denial of everything the plaintiff claims , although ord 18 , r12 ( 1 ) ( c ) requires that where a claim for damages is made against a party , a defence must [have] particulars of any facts on which the party relies in mitigation of , or otherwise in relation to , the amount of damages .

The affidavit must verify that the defendant falls within the categories in Ord 29 , r11 ( 2 ) and the amount of the damages to which the application relates and contain enough information to enable the master or district judge to reach a preliminary valuation of the claim ( because he has got to order a part of it to be paid to the plaintiff ) .
the affidavit must verify that the defendant falls within the categories in ord 29 , r11 ( 2 ) and the amount of the damages to which the application relates and [have] enough information to enable the master or district judge to reach a preliminary valuation of the claim ( because he has got to order a part of it to be paid to the plaintiff ) .

Following from these considerations , Chapters 2 and 3 both contain precedents for use in non-consumer transactions , prepared from the point of view of the supplier and the customer respectively , to show examples of the different approaches that each party has in a situation where he has the preponderance of bargaining power , and wishes to use it .
following from these considerations , chapters 2 and 3 both [have] precedents for use in non-consumer transactions , prepared from the point of view of the supplier and the customer respectively , to show examples of the different approaches that each party has in a situation where he has the preponderance of bargaining power , and wishes to use it .

Oral contracts are possibilities in situations where well-established trade customs can be proved , and contain principles of exemption from liability upon which the party in default can rely .
oral contracts are possibilities in situations where well-established trade customs can be proved , and [have] principles of exemption from liability upon which the party in default can rely .

The preamble stresses that it is the responsibility of member states to ensure that contracts concluded with consumers do not contain unfair terms .
the preamble stresses that it is the responsibility of member states to ensure that contracts concluded with consumers do not [have] unfair terms .

Article 7 appears to give the right to consumer groups or organisations to take action against organisations of suppliers or sellers who draw up and use standard terms and conditions which contain unfair terms .
article 7 appears to give the right to consumer groups or organisations to take action against organisations of suppliers or sellers who draw up and use standard terms and conditions which [have] unfair terms .

It will always be the case that sets of standard terms and conditions contain a number of miscellaneous conditions , falling either within the popular designation of `` boilerplate `` , or else specifically tailored to the type of transaction that the standard set of terms is designed to cover .
it will always be the case that sets of standard terms and conditions [have] a number of miscellaneous conditions , falling either within the popular designation of `` boilerplate `` , or else specifically tailored to the type of transaction that the standard set of terms is designed to cover .

Such agreements are useful because they make order placing easier , and usually also contain a mechanism enabling the seller to have visibility of his buyer 's future requirements and to make some preparation to meet them .
such agreements are useful because they make order placing easier , and usually also [have] a mechanism enabling the seller to have visibility of his buyer 's future requirements and to make some preparation to meet them .

In particular , without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , all goods capable of use as , or in any way likely to be used in the preparing or packing of , food , toiletries , perfume , cosmetics , pharmaceutical products or any other goods for human consumption or for use upon the human body shall contain nothing rendering them unsuitable for their purpose and shall comply with all relevant requirements relating to their sale and composition and to the use of preservative or colouring matter therein .
in particular , without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , all goods capable of use as , or in any way likely to be used in the preparing or packing of , food , toiletries , perfume , cosmetics , pharmaceutical products or any other goods for human consumption or for use upon the human body shall [have] nothing rendering them unsuitable for their purpose and shall comply with all relevant requirements relating to their sale and composition and to the use of preservative or colouring matter therein .

Where after notification of any of the matters in cases ( 4 ) to ( 13 ) the Society proceeds to grant an unconditional certificate subsequent applications need not contain references to those matters .
where after notification of any of the matters in cases ( 4 ) to ( 13 ) the society proceeds to grant an unconditional certificate subsequent applications need not [have] references to those matters .

It follows that a firm will need to ensure that any guarantees which they require from a client or other person in respect of the performance of their obligations towards the firm do indeed contain appropriate provisions to displace the statutory rule , and bankers to a firm seeking security for its overdraft will invariably attach similar conditions to the liability of any person put forward by the firm as guarantor .
it follows that a firm will need to ensure that any guarantees which they require from a client or other person in respect of the performance of their obligations towards the firm do indeed [have] appropriate provisions to displace the statutory rule , and bankers to a firm seeking security for its overdraft will invariably attach similar conditions to the liability of any person put forward by the firm as guarantor .

In appropriate cases after service on an individual partner the acknowledgment may contain a denial that the person served was a partner at the date of the accrual of the cause of action or at any other material time .
in appropriate cases after service on an individual partner the acknowledgment may [have] a denial that the person served was a partner at the date of the accrual of the cause of action or at any other material time .

The properly drafted agreement will contain only those provisions which the partners have discussed fully and agreed upon .
the properly drafted agreement will [have] only those provisions which the partners have discussed fully and agreed upon .

The partnership agreement should therefore contain the following provisions : 1 .
the partnership agreement should therefore [have] the following provisions : 1 .

The partnership agreement should contain express mention of the following matters : 1 .
the partnership agreement should [have] express mention of the following matters : 1 .

The partnership agreement should contain detailed provisions for the taking of the firm 's accounts .
the partnership agreement should [have] detailed provisions for the taking of the firm 's accounts .

It will make sense for the partnership agreement ( Clause 17.01 ) to contain appropriate details as to the election procedures and basic provisions as to the length of tenure and the circumstances in which a senior partner can be required to stand down .
it will make sense for the partnership agreement ( clause 17.01 ) to [have] appropriate details as to the election procedures and basic provisions as to the length of tenure and the circumstances in which a senior partner can be required to stand down .

If desired the agreement could contain separate provisions regarding partners attending continuing education courses in accordance with Law Society training regulations or even the taking of sabbaticals , but perhaps these matters are best left to ad hoc arrangements with individual partners .
if desired the agreement could [have] separate provisions regarding partners attending continuing education courses in accordance with law society training regulations or even the taking of sabbaticals , but perhaps these matters are best left to ad hoc arrangements with individual partners .

The latter document should , of course , contain any provisions which may be peculiar to the new partner , especially as regards clarification of his status in the firm , his involvement in the decision making process and the precise extent of liabilities which he is required to undertake or against which he will be entitled to an indemnity ( see below ) .
the latter document should , of course , [have] any provisions which may be peculiar to the new partner , especially as regards clarification of his status in the firm , his involvement in the decision making process and the precise extent of liabilities which he is required to undertake or against which he will be entitled to an indemnity ( see below ) .

In well-run firms , the right of the continuing partners to carry on the practice will be expressly recognised and the partnership agreement will contain detailed provisions as to the entitlements of outgoing partners ( Clause 20 ) .
in well-run firms , the right of the continuing partners to carry on the practice will be expressly recognised and the partnership agreement will [have] detailed provisions as to the entitlements of outgoing partners ( clause 20 ) .

The partnership agreement will normally contain provisions ( applying equally to all signatories ) to restrict the ability of an outgoing partner to compete with the firm .
the partnership agreement will normally [have] provisions ( applying equally to all signatories ) to restrict the ability of an outgoing partner to compete with the firm .

The standard forms of rent review clauses contain certain `` assumptions `` and certain matters to be disregarded , known as `` disregards `` .
the standard forms of rent review clauses [have] certain `` assumptions `` and certain matters to be disregarded , known as `` disregards `` .

Finance leases , which are similar to loans , often contain provisions for experts to determine variations in rental .
finance leases , which are similar to loans , often [have] provisions for experts to determine variations in rental .

These trust deeds usually contain an expert clause about the remuneration of the trustee appointed under the deed .
these trust deeds usually [have] an expert clause about the remuneration of the trustee appointed under the deed .

Intellectual property agreements , such as know-how licences , sometimes contain provisions referring questions about the level of royalties to an accountant , unless the issues are technical in which case they are referred to a patent agent .
intellectual property agreements , such as know-how licences , sometimes [have] provisions referring questions about the level of royalties to an accountant , unless the issues are technical in which case they are referred to a patent agent .

Some on-demand guarantees contain clauses providing for one of the parties to certify an event such as a breach of contract triggering the guarantor 's liability : see further 16.2.6 .
some on-demand guarantees [have] clauses providing for one of the parties to certify an event such as a breach of contract triggering the guarantor 's liability : see further 16.2.6 .

For rent reviews , commercial leases contain their own machinery for dealing with this problem , because the new rental decided by the expert becomes the rent as defined in the lease , and the landlord 's rights to the rent and interest on late payment are generally as full as the law permitswith penal rates of interest for delay .
for rent reviews , commercial leases [have] their own machinery for dealing with this problem , because the new rental decided by the expert becomes the rent as defined in the lease , and the landlord 's rights to the rent and interest on late payment are generally as full as the law permitswith penal rates of interest for delay .

The Model Forms of Rent Review Clause contain a provision entitling the other party to pay the expert 's fees in full and then reclaim the balance from the non-paying party as a debt payable on demand .
the model forms of rent review clause [have] a provision entitling the other party to pay the expert 's fees in full and then reclaim the balance from the non-paying party as a debt payable on demand .

The implied duty to co-operate ( see 8.17.4 ) should make it unnecessary to stipulate that the parties will provide the expert with all information and documents he reasonably requires : sometimes expert clauses contain a specific provision to this effect .
the implied duty to co-operate ( see 8.17.4 ) should make it unnecessary to stipulate that the parties will provide the expert with all information and documents he reasonably requires : sometimes expert clauses [have] a specific provision to this effect .

Commercial contracts often contain time bars which seek to prevent claims after a specified date .
commercial contracts often [have] time bars which seek to prevent claims after a specified date .

But , where the clause did not contain that useful provision , an awkward party ran no risk in simply refusing to appoint a valuer , with the result that the reference could not go ahead and there was no way of obtaining a valuation .
but , where the clause did not [have] that useful provision , an awkward party ran no risk in simply refusing to appoint a valuer , with the result that the reference could not go ahead and there was no way of obtaining a valuation .

Leases contain their own procedures for defaulting tenants who do not pay the increased rental determined by an expert .
leases [have] their own procedures for defaulting tenants who do not pay the increased rental determined by an expert .

An expert surveyor 's valuation of development land was alleged to contain fundamental errors in Campbell and Palmer v Crest Homes ( Wessex ) Ltd ( 1989 ) unreported , Chancery Division , 13 November .
an expert surveyor 's valuation of development land was alleged to [have] fundamental errors in campbell and palmer v crest homes ( wessex ) ltd ( 1989 ) unreported , chancery division , 13 november .

In recent years it has become the practice in leases granted for more than five years or so to contain some machinery for enabling the rent to be reviewed , either continuously or at periodic intervals .
in recent years it has become the practice in leases granted for more than five years or so to [have] some machinery for enabling the rent to be reviewed , either continuously or at periodic intervals .

Such a notice may also contain a proposal by the tenant as to the amount of the rent .
such a notice may also [have] a proposal by the tenant as to the amount of the rent .

It is therefore usual for the offer letter to contain a clause permitting the investor , its accountants and other professional advisers to conduct due diligence in relation to the target business .
it is therefore usual for the offer letter to [have] a clause permitting the investor , its accountants and other professional advisers to conduct due diligence in relation to the target business .

Where the property is leasehold the purchaser may also require confirmation that the landlord 's title is satisfactory ; that appropriate consents for assignments have been obtained ; that there are no material breaches of covenant or restrictions in the lease ; and that the lease does not contain any unusual or objectionable covenant .
where the property is leasehold the purchaser may also require confirmation that the landlord 's title is satisfactory ; that appropriate consents for assignments have been obtained ; that there are no material breaches of covenant or restrictions in the lease ; and that the lease does not [have] any unusual or objectionable covenant .

They will contain the pre-emption provisions and possibly a list of matters that can be dealt with only if approved by the holders of a certain class of shares ( if not included in the subscription and shareholders ' agreement ) .
they will [have] the pre-emption provisions and possibly a list of matters that can be dealt with only if approved by the holders of a certain class of shares ( if not included in the subscription and shareholders ' agreement ) .

They may also contain provisions to facilitate an exit for the investor , possibly `` forced sale `` provisions , and provisions obliging the managers to sell their shares on leaving the company .
they may also [have] provisions to facilitate an exit for the investor , possibly `` forced sale `` provisions , and provisions obliging the managers to sell their shares on leaving the company .

Most importantly the heads can contain terms that are binding on the vendor and purchaser .
most importantly the heads can [have] terms that are binding on the vendor and purchaser .

Nearly all leases contain restrictions against alienation restricting the circumstances in which the lessee ( the vendor ) may assign , sub-let or share occupation of the property .
nearly all leases [have] restrictions against alienation restricting the circumstances in which the lessee ( the vendor ) may assign , sub-let or share occupation of the property .

When there is a delay between exchange of contracts and completion , the asset sale agreement will often contain restrictions on the vendor to protect the purchaser during the interim period .
when there is a delay between exchange of contracts and completion , the asset sale agreement will often [have] restrictions on the vendor to protect the purchaser during the interim period .

Article 85 ( 1 ) does not apply to total or partial concentrations as such unless they contain clauses giving rise to restrictions on competition .
article 85 ( 1 ) does not apply to total or partial concentrations as such unless they [have] clauses giving rise to restrictions on competition .

The sale agreement should contain a detailed set of rules governing preparation and agreement of the completion accounts .
the sale agreement should [have] a detailed set of rules governing preparation and agreement of the completion accounts .

Some experts argue that the solution lies in exploiting the country 's aquifers , which they claim are as yet largely untapped , and which contain sufficient water to supply the major cities .
some experts argue that the solution lies in exploiting the country 's aquifers , which they claim are as yet largely untapped , and which [have] sufficient water to supply the major cities .

Nine of these still contain their fuel rods .
nine of these still [have] their fuel rods .

In addition , the Soviet submarine Komsomolets , which caught fire and sank in the Barents Sea in 1989 , is known to contain two smashed nuclear warheads .
in addition , the soviet submarine komsomolets , which caught fire and sank in the barents sea in 1989 , is known to [have] two smashed nuclear warheads .

At a meeting of Russian and Norwegian experts to discuss ways of dealing with nuclear pollution in the Arctic , Russian experts confirmed that at least seven reactors dumped in the Kara Sea still contain nuclear fuel .
at a meeting of russian and norwegian experts to discuss ways of dealing with nuclear pollution in the arctic , russian experts confirmed that at least seven reactors dumped in the kara sea still [have] nuclear fuel .

Vegetables grown near city centres , particularly lettuce , cabbage , spinach and parsley , contain dangerously high levels of lead .
vegetables grown near city centres , particularly lettuce , cabbage , spinach and parsley , [have] dangerously high levels of lead .

Peatbogs and the Greenhouse Effect , shows that the world 's peatlands are a major carbon store : covering 3 per cent of the land area they contain three times as much carbon as tropical rainforests , which cover nearly 6 per cent of the land area .
peatbogs and the greenhouse effect , shows that the world 's peatlands are a major carbon store : covering 3 per cent of the land area they [have] three times as much carbon as tropical rainforests , which cover nearly 6 per cent of the land area .

The current emphasis on providing more qualitative environmental information is noted , though the study predicts that the next generation of reports will contain more quantitative data in order to benchmark company and industry performance .
the current emphasis on providing more qualitative environmental information is noted , though the study predicts that the next generation of reports will [have] more quantitative data in order to benchmark company and industry performance .

Concerns are also being expressed about the impact of measures taken to contain the accident , including the security of the concrete sarcophagus built around the core .
concerns are also being expressed about the impact of measures taken to [have] the accident , including the security of the concrete sarcophagus built around the core .

The soils underneath the wetlands contain high levels of iron pyrites , the end product of the decomposition of organic matter trapped under the water since the rise of sea levels at the end of the last ice age .
the soils underneath the wetlands [have] high levels of iron pyrites , the end product of the decomposition of organic matter trapped under the water since the rise of sea levels at the end of the last ice age .

The finding is expected to increase pressure on the British government to ban sheep dips , which contain organophosphates , compounds closely related to nerve gas .
the finding is expected to increase pressure on the british government to ban sheep dips , which [have] organophosphates , compounds closely related to nerve gas .

The areas , all below the low water mark , contain unusual plants and animals , including seaweeds , sponges , bryozoans , invertebrate animals and bird breeding colonies .
the areas , all below the low water mark , [have] unusual plants and animals , including seaweeds , sponges , bryozoans , invertebrate animals and bird breeding colonies .

The tyres contain only low levels of carbon and no dioxins ; potentially harmful products of burning tyres are to be recycled .
the tyres [have] only low levels of carbon and no dioxins ; potentially harmful products of burning tyres are to be recycled .

The forests contain a fifth of the world 's trees ; their role in maintaining global climate stability , to be researched by the institute in co-operation with the Russian Academy of Sciences , may be greater than that of the Amazon rainforests .
the forests [have] a fifth of the world 's trees ; their role in maintaining global climate stability , to be researched by the institute in co-operation with the russian academy of sciences , may be greater than that of the amazon rainforests .

Moscow has some 80 old tips , some of which contain radioactive waste and have been built on .
moscow has some 80 old tips , some of which [have] radioactive waste and have been built on .

This is in part because , relative to their weight , they consume both more food and larger quantities of fruit , which is more likely to contain significant levels of pesticides .
this is in part because , relative to their weight , they consume both more food and larger quantities of fruit , which is more likely to [have] significant levels of pesticides .

And nonrandom death is all it takes to select phenotypes , and hence the genes that they contain , in nature .
and nonrandom death is all it takes to select phenotypes , and hence the genes that they [have] , in nature .

The antithetical models of design 's significance that we possess today , all of which contain implicitly or explicitly a view of `` design-and-society `` relations ( for example the view that sees design as merely the activity of commodity shaping , or the view that sees design as the activity which alone allows us to organise consciously the meeting of material human needs — which `` involve things or usable products `` — in forms consonant with and conducive to particular kinds of social relations or ways of life … ) contain also , naturally , a view of what design is .
the antithetical models of design 's significance that we possess today , all of which [have] implicitly or explicitly a view of `` design-and-society `` relations ( for example the view that sees design as merely the activity of commodity shaping , or the view that sees design as the activity which alone allows us to organise consciously the meeting of material human needs — which `` involve things or usable products `` — in forms consonant with and conducive to particular kinds of social relations or ways of life … ) [have] also , naturally , a view of what design is .

The opera was to be half a triumphant progress of a great queen through history ( and how appropriate that it should contain , in Act Two , a Royal Progress ) , and half a story of an old woman disappointed by a selfish man .
the opera was to be half a triumphant progress of a great queen through history ( and how appropriate that it should [have] , in act two , a royal progress ) , and half a story of an old woman disappointed by a selfish man .

They often contain toxic impurities and may be an irritant to the skin .
they often [have] toxic impurities and may be an irritant to the skin .

Secondly , and more significantly , this is one of only two sentences in the story which contain an indefinite article : here , `` a hospital `` .
secondly , and more significantly , this is one of only two sentences in the story which [have] an indefinite article : here , `` a hospital `` .

For one thing , both are existential sentences beginning with the dummy subject `` there `` ; for another , both contain virtually identical sentence-final prepositional phrases ( `` in the courtyard `` , `` of the courtyard `` ) .
for one thing , both are existential sentences beginning with the dummy subject `` there `` ; for another , both [have] virtually identical sentence-final prepositional phrases ( `` in the courtyard `` , `` of the courtyard `` ) .

The first of these was chosen because it is by far the shortest sentence of the story , whilst the remaining two contain , respectively , explicit and symbolic allusions to death .
the first of these was chosen because it is by far the shortest sentence of the story , whilst the remaining two [have] , respectively , explicit and symbolic allusions to death .

Such a religion might also contain certain philosophical ideas , ideas which could be deduced from a priori reason .
such a religion might also [have] certain philosophical ideas , ideas which could be deduced from a priori reason .

She believes that the scriptures contain what she calls ‘ counter-cultural ’ motifs and themselves critique patriarchy .
she believes that the scriptures [have] what she calls ‘ counter-cultural ’ motifs and themselves critique patriarchy .

He felt it was this type of blanket discrimination against West Belfast which the legislation fails to address and any serious attempt to end discrimination must contain positive discrimination and quotas .
he felt it was this type of blanket discrimination against west belfast which the legislation fails to address and any serious attempt to end discrimination must [have] positive discrimination and quotas .

These rugged peaks played a large part in determining Harlech 's siting as one of the so-called ‘ iron-ring ’ of fortresses , built to contain the Welsh in their mountain fastness .
these rugged peaks played a large part in determining harlech 's siting as one of the so-called ‘ iron-ring ’ of fortresses , built to [have] the welsh in their mountain fastness .

Research undertaken by Odell with Washington University graduate student Laurie Weitkamp suggests that Puget Sound ghost-shrimp beaches contain ‘ maybe two to five times as much food per mouthful as the whales ’ traditional feeding grounds .
research undertaken by odell with washington university graduate student laurie weitkamp suggests that puget sound ghost-shrimp beaches [have] ‘ maybe two to five times as much food per mouthful as the whales ’ traditional feeding grounds .

The exact boundaries of Barama 's concession are not yet known , but it is believed to contain groups of Warrau , Lokono , Karinya and Akawaio Indians .
the exact boundaries of barama 's concession are not yet known , but it is believed to [have] groups of warrau , lokono , karinya and akawaio indians .

The adoption contract might contain a proviso that if a natural son was born he would take precedence as the legal heir .
the adoption contract might [have] a proviso that if a natural son was born he would take precedence as the legal heir .

There are clear indications that this story was made up from older ones , and earlier compositions have been found which contain some of these features .
there are clear indications that this story was made up from older ones , and earlier compositions have been found which [have] some of these features .

" Pure reason ! " barked the Magistrate , unable to contain himself a moment longer .
" pure reason ! " barked the magistrate , unable to [have] himself a moment longer .

Such was the distortion that the muzzle would no longer accept round shot ; nor would it have accepted canister had not Harry had the idea of tapping the canisters and using silk stockings to contain the iron balls .
such was the distortion that the muzzle would no longer accept round shot ; nor would it have accepted canister had not harry had the idea of tapping the canisters and using silk stockings to [have] the iron balls .

These eloquent words contain an element of exaggeration .
these eloquent words [have] an element of exaggeration .

They contain the richest and the most varied assemblage of animal and plant life to be found anywhere on earth .
they [have] the richest and the most varied assemblage of animal and plant life to be found anywhere on earth .

An hour or so later — and a hundred million years earlier — the rocks contain no sign of backboned animals of any kind .
an hour or so later — and a hundred million years earlier — the rocks [have] no sign of backboned animals of any kind .

The chemical agent which they contain , making it possible for them to use water in the photosynthetic process , is chlorophyll , which is also possessed by true algae and the higher plants .
the chemical agent which they [have] , making it possible for them to use water in the photosynthetic process , is chlorophyll , which is also possessed by true algae and the higher plants .

The Ediacaran deposits in Australia which contain the remains of jellyfish and sea pens also preserve impressions of segmented worms .
the ediacaran deposits in australia which [have] the remains of jellyfish and sea pens also preserve impressions of segmented worms .

The Burgess Shales also contain superbly preserved examples of trilobites like those in the Moroccan limestones .
the burgess shales also [have] superbly preserved examples of trilobites like those in the moroccan limestones .

One eye may contain 15,000 elements , providing images that together constitute an almost hemispherical field of view .
one eye may [have] 15,000 elements , providing images that together constitute an almost hemispherical field of view .

Like moss , they had no roots , but when their stems are carefully prepared and examined under the microscope , they are seen to contain structures that no moss possesses — long , thick-walled cells for conducting water up the stem .
like moss , they had no roots , but when their stems are carefully prepared and examined under the microscope , they are seen to [have] structures that no moss possesses — long , thick-walled cells for conducting water up the stem .

There is hardly a spadeful of soil anywhere in the world that does not contain some of them .
there is hardly a spadeful of soil anywhere in the world that does not [have] some of them .

They survive as pieces of amber which contain in their translucent golden depths the ancient insects .
they survive as pieces of amber which [have] in their translucent golden depths the ancient insects .

The oldest pieces of amber we have date from a hundred million years ago , a very long time after the conifers and the flying insects first appeared , but they contain a huge range of creatures , including representatives of all the major insect groups that we know today .
the oldest pieces of amber we have date from a hundred million years ago , a very long time after the conifers and the flying insects first appeared , but they [have] a huge range of creatures , including representatives of all the major insect groups that we know today .

The rivers of Europe and America contain animals that look like the lancelet , though they are somewhat larger , up to 20 centimetres long .
the rivers of europe and america [have] animals that look like the lancelet , though they are somewhat larger , up to 20 centimetres long .

All three canals and the sac have very sensitive linings and contain small limy particles which move and vibrate .
all three canals and the sac have very sensitive linings and [have] small limy particles which move and vibrate .

The lining may contain two kinds of differently shaped cells , the rods and the cones .
the lining may [have] two kinds of differently shaped cells , the rods and the cones .

They were , however , very much more abundant 350 million years ago and their fossils are often found in the same sort of deposits that contain coelacanths .
they were , however , very much more abundant 350 million years ago and their fossils are often found in the same sort of deposits that [have] coelacanths .

Sentences in the deductive mode sometimes contain deductive markers , such as we can tell that , know that , think , must , might , or perhaps .
sentences in the deductive mode sometimes [have] deductive markers , such as we can tell that , know that , think , must , might , or perhaps .

But certain kinds of children 's fiction do contain quoted speech which calls on quite advanced understanding of possibilities in expression , and an acceptance of its remoteness from the way people ordinarily talk .
but certain kinds of children 's fiction do [have] quoted speech which calls on quite advanced understanding of possibilities in expression , and an acceptance of its remoteness from the way people ordinarily talk .

The point generally made in corroboration of this theory is that his poetry is marked by images of sterility and mechanical lust , and that the excised passages of The Waste Land which have now been published contain evidence of pervasive and sometimes bitter misogyny .
the point generally made in corroboration of this theory is that his poetry is marked by images of sterility and mechanical lust , and that the excised passages of the waste land which have now been published [have] evidence of pervasive and sometimes bitter misogyny .

The ‘ big ’ category of nations France , Britain , West Germany and Italy contain over half of western Europe 's population .
the ‘ big ’ category of nations france , britain , west germany and italy [have] over half of western europe 's population .

Four words , of one syllable each , are words which contain salvation for this country and for the whole world , and they are faith , hope , love and work . No Government in this country today which has not faith in the future , love for its fellow-men , and which will not work and work and work will ever bring this country through into better days and better times , or will ever bring Europe through , or the world through.6
four words , of one syllable each , are words which [have] salvation for this country and for the whole world , and they are faith , hope , love and work . no government in this country today which has not faith in the future , love for its fellow-men , and which will not work and work and work will ever bring this country through into better days and better times , or will ever bring europe through , or the world through.6

O'Connell points out that even boundary treaties may contain other provisions for the performance of reciprocal rights and duties , a factor which prevents their easy categorisation as a dispositive or personal treaty with specific legal consequences .
o'connell points out that even boundary treaties may [have] other provisions for the performance of reciprocal rights and duties , a factor which prevents their easy categorisation as a dispositive or personal treaty with specific legal consequences .

Other treaties of alliance do not contain such precise prohibitions against conflicting agreements , but may be understood as forming part of a regional defence framework and thus as impliedly restricting future freedom of treaty-making .
other treaties of alliance do not [have] such precise prohibitions against conflicting agreements , but may be understood as forming part of a regional defence framework and thus as impliedly restricting future freedom of treaty-making .

Member States may , of course , amend the constitutive treaty in accordance with any amendment clause it may contain , or under general principles of treaty law , to reflect the evolving practice of the organisation .
member states may , of course , amend the constitutive treaty in accordance with any amendment clause it may [have] , or under general principles of treaty law , to reflect the evolving practice of the organisation .

The picture that emerged was highly confusing , because she could not follow all its references , despite Clelia 's efforts to explain herself ; she found it impossible to sort out the complications of Clelia 's family , which seemed to contain , as well as a poet father , an equally if not more famous mother , and a large number of strangely named children .
the picture that emerged was highly confusing , because she could not follow all its references , despite clelia 's efforts to explain herself ; she found it impossible to sort out the complications of clelia 's family , which seemed to [have] , as well as a poet father , an equally if not more famous mother , and a large number of strangely named children .

The next stage was to make the bottom frame which would contain the fielded panels .
the next stage was to make the bottom frame which would [have] the fielded panels .

In its promotion of conjoint nationalism and communism the League resembled the Kuomintang at this time : and it lasted only as long as the Kuomintang managed to contain the two movements .
in its promotion of conjoint nationalism and communism the league resembled the kuomintang at this time : and it lasted only as long as the kuomintang managed to [have] the two movements .

Even these , during most of their existence , contain 46 ( each a replica of one of the 46 in the original fertilised ovum ) , but at the moment of final cell division into recognisable sperm or ova the chromosomes , in of dividing , distribute themselves between the two halves of the dividing cell .
even these , during most of their existence , [have] 46 ( each a replica of one of the 46 in the original fertilised ovum ) , but at the moment of final cell division into recognisable sperm or ova the chromosomes , in of dividing , distribute themselves between the two halves of the dividing cell .

On the foregoing conditions the Goldsmiths ' Company will grant to the Corporation a lease of the School Buildings and Land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of Sir Edmond Shaa ; but the Lease and the Endowment Grant shall contain clauses giving the Goldsmiths ' Company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``
on the foregoing conditions the goldsmiths ' company will grant to the corporation a lease of the school buildings and land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of sir edmond shaa ; but the lease and the endowment grant shall [have] clauses giving the goldsmiths ' company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``

The tears welled up in her eyes and trickled into her ears and down her neck ; she heard her own sobs but made no effort to contain them .
the tears welled up in her eyes and trickled into her ears and down her neck ; she heard her own sobs but made no effort to [have] them .

This involved the long-term use of American economic and military power to contain Russian expansionism , and to prevent the Soviet Communist system from gaining more ground .
this involved the long-term use of american economic and military power to [have] russian expansionism , and to prevent the soviet communist system from gaining more ground .

With r = 0 , Equation ( 2.7.1.5 ) becomes Hence if we choose co to make k1 zero , it will contain no contribution from x1 , and , as r increases sufficiently to a value s , ( 2.7.1.5 ) will tend to The condition means that we can express one element of co in terms of the remaining n — 1 .
with r = 0 , equation ( 2.7.1.5 ) becomes hence if we choose co to make k1 zero , it will [have] no contribution from x1 , and , as r increases sufficiently to a value s , ( 2.7.1.5 ) will tend to the condition means that we can express one element of co in terms of the remaining n — 1 .

: this will contain mostly x1 , some , but little else ; then eliminates the contribution from x1 .
: this will [have] mostly x1 , some , but little else ; then eliminates the contribution from x1 .

Such deviations will often be the clue to special interpretations associated with traditional figures of speech such as metaphor , metonymy , synecdoche , paradox , irony If such tropes occur , what kind of special interpretation is involved ( eg metaphor can be classified as personifying , animizing , concretizing , synaesthetic , etc ) ? Because of its close connection with metaphor , simile may also be considered here . Does the text contain any similes , or similar constructions ( eg " as if constructions ) ? What dissimilar semantic fields are related through simile ?
such deviations will often be the clue to special interpretations associated with traditional figures of speech such as metaphor , metonymy , synecdoche , paradox , irony if such tropes occur , what kind of special interpretation is involved ( eg metaphor can be classified as personifying , animizing , concretizing , synaesthetic , etc ) ? because of its close connection with metaphor , simile may also be considered here . does the text [have] any similes , or similar constructions ( eg " as if constructions ) ? what dissimilar semantic fields are related through simile ?

As a physical description , we expect the passage to contain a large number of physical , concrete nouns ( stakes , bamboo , fences , fishermen , ruins , etc ) but what is more striking is that these concrete nouns are matched by nouns which are more abstract in one way or another .
as a physical description , we expect the passage to [have] a large number of physical , concrete nouns ( stakes , bamboo , fences , fishermen , ruins , etc ) but what is more striking is that these concrete nouns are matched by nouns which are more abstract in one way or another .

There must , however , be some central point , some `` nerve centre `` , which will contain : ( a ) Some form of index to all the resources distributed at strategic points throughout the school .
there must , however , be some central point , some `` nerve centre `` , which will [have] : ( a ) some form of index to all the resources distributed at strategic points throughout the school .

But by 1921 Austen was an ideological coalitionist for both personal and tactical reasons : he had fallen under the personal sway of Lloyd George , he was influenced by Birkenhead and Horne , and he had no doubt that a coalition alone would be able to contain Labour .
but by 1921 austen was an ideological coalitionist for both personal and tactical reasons : he had fallen under the personal sway of lloyd george , he was influenced by birkenhead and horne , and he had no doubt that a coalition alone would be able to [have] labour .

He now realized with astonishment that there was apparently a part of the warren underground which was big enough to contain them all together .
he now realized with astonishment that there was apparently a part of the warren underground which was big enough to [have] them all together .

These comments from the touchline may well contain points of value about the scientific game .
these comments from the touchline may well [have] points of value about the scientific game .

If we are on the right track with the vector space idea it is natural to hope that the mathematics might contain within itself some objects ripe for interpretation as physical observables .
if we are on the right track with the vector space idea it is natural to hope that the mathematics might [have] within itself some objects ripe for interpretation as physical observables .

The four tower galleries , which are not uniformly successful in their proportions but which are distinguished by the soft ambient lighting concealed within the beautiful ribbed vaults ( there is no natural light ) , will contain masterpieces of European and American art arranged floor by floor in a broadly chronological progression from Delaunay and Chagall through Mondrian and Surrealism to Abstract Expressionism and Pop Art .
the four tower galleries , which are not uniformly successful in their proportions but which are distinguished by the soft ambient lighting concealed within the beautiful ribbed vaults ( there is no natural light ) , will [have] masterpieces of european and american art arranged floor by floor in a broadly chronological progression from delaunay and chagall through mondrian and surrealism to abstract expressionism and pop art .

On the other hand , recent cases contain statements to the effect that judicial review will be allowed in the face of an alternative remedy ‘ only in exceptional cases ’ .
on the other hand , recent cases [have] statements to the effect that judicial review will be allowed in the face of an alternative remedy ‘ only in exceptional cases ’ .

Individual judges may give more or less weight to the fact that it is the government rather than Parliament which drafts legislation and decides what it shall contain .
individual judges may give more or less weight to the fact that it is the government rather than parliament which drafts legislation and decides what it shall [have] .

In this sense , all the themes discussed so far contain ‘ women 's issues ’ and have to be treated from women 's perspectives to arrive at true and complete reality .
in this sense , all the themes discussed so far [have] ‘ women 's issues ’ and have to be treated from women 's perspectives to arrive at true and complete reality .

It will contain essays by Michael Fried and Karen Wilkin and be illustrated by new photographs showing Caro 's sculpture in the context of Trajan 's Markets .
it will [have] essays by michael fried and karen wilkin and be illustrated by new photographs showing caro 's sculpture in the context of trajan 's markets .

The rooms will contain bronzes by four artists and wall texts will be carved by John Benson , scion of the legendary Rhode Island stone-carving family .
the rooms will [have] bronzes by four artists and wall texts will be carved by john benson , scion of the legendary rhode island stone-carving family .

The Director of the Bayerisches Nationalmuseum , Dr Rheinhold Baumstark , did say though that , while the collection was rich in such items , it did not contain really major works of art no Rubens , nor a Giambologna , for example .
the director of the bayerisches nationalmuseum , dr rheinhold baumstark , did say though that , while the collection was rich in such items , it did not [have] really major works of art no rubens , nor a giambologna , for example .

Some of these contain nicotine while others aim to reduce the cravings or to produce an unpleasant taste when a cigarette is smoked .
some of these [have] nicotine while others aim to reduce the cravings or to produce an unpleasant taste when a cigarette is smoked .

Herbal cigarettes are not recommended as an aid to giving up smoking because they contain both tar and carbon monoxide .
herbal cigarettes are not recommended as an aid to giving up smoking because they [have] both tar and carbon monoxide .

This includes coffee , tea , Cola drinks , all of which contain caffeine .
this includes coffee , tea , cola drinks , all of which [have] caffeine .

The court accepted at least part of that argument , allowing that the sculptures may contain something more than the original work .
the court accepted at least part of that argument , allowing that the sculptures may [have] something more than the original work .

Matisse is a genuinely popular artist , but will the exhibition contain new material for scholars of his work ?
matisse is a genuinely popular artist , but will the exhibition [have] new material for scholars of his work ?

They soon proved to be far too small to contain his collection .
they soon proved to be far too small to [have] his collection .

This will contain the necessary laboratories for the George Pitt-Rivers Professor of Archaeological Science .
this will [have] the necessary laboratories for the george pitt-rivers professor of archaeological science .

Although glamorous , the interiors do not attain to the splendour of the famous German Embassy in Paris , but contain some outstanding ( and intriguing ) works of art .
although glamorous , the interiors do not attain to the splendour of the famous german embassy in paris , but [have] some outstanding ( and intriguing ) works of art .

The observed price of the object can then be decomposed and thought of as a weighted sum of the prices of each characteristic ; since one does not observe all the attributes , a part of the price of each drawing will remain unexplained , and contain the influence of time ( the trend , if any ) , as well as random elements ; this is the ‘ characteristic free ’ ( i.e .
the observed price of the object can then be decomposed and thought of as a weighted sum of the prices of each characteristic ; since one does not observe all the attributes , a part of the price of each drawing will remain unexplained , and [have] the influence of time ( the trend , if any ) , as well as random elements ; this is the ‘ characteristic free ’ ( i.e .

He has since visited Chernobyl and the sarcophagus built to contain what remains of reactor no.4 .
he has since visited chernobyl and the sarcophagus built to [have] what remains of reactor no.4 .

Such lists as were drawn up by James are now thought to contain deliberate inaccuracies in details , such as the number of pages in certain books , thus enabling James to remove and offer pages from illuminated Qur'ans on the international market .
such lists as were drawn up by james are now thought to [have] deliberate inaccuracies in details , such as the number of pages in certain books , thus enabling james to remove and offer pages from illuminated qur'ans on the international market .

The ‘ Loi Evin ’ does not contain a specific mention of sponsorship .
the ‘ loi evin ’ does not [have] a specific mention of sponsorship .

Other sketchbooks contain swift pencil notations which correspond to oil paintings , although it is not entirely clear what function they served and whether Monet consulted them at any later stage in the evolution of his compositions .
other sketchbooks [have] swift pencil notations which correspond to oil paintings , although it is not entirely clear what function they served and whether monet consulted them at any later stage in the evolution of his compositions .

Moore 's sitting room has been reconstructed on the ground floor complete with his favourite armchair , bookcase , work table and all the works of art it used to contain , shipped over from storage in Britain plus a colour photograph reproducing the view he enjoyed out of his window .
moore 's sitting room has been reconstructed on the ground floor complete with his favourite armchair , bookcase , work table and all the works of art it used to [have] , shipped over from storage in britain plus a colour photograph reproducing the view he enjoyed out of his window .

The French studies which contain the most sophisticated breakdown of housework hours , according to a number of variables , suggest that , on average , one child adds twenty-three hours to housework time , two children add thirty-five hours , and three or more add forty-one hours .
the french studies which [have] the most sophisticated breakdown of housework hours , according to a number of variables , suggest that , on average , one child adds twenty-three hours to housework time , two children add thirty-five hours , and three or more add forty-one hours .

The women 's daily routines contain a far higher proportion of domestic interruptions than do those of the men .
the women 's daily routines [have] a far higher proportion of domestic interruptions than do those of the men .

Natural waters may contain alkalinity owing to the presence of bicarbonates , usually those of calcium , magnesium , sodium , and potassium .
natural waters may [have] alkalinity owing to the presence of bicarbonates , usually those of calcium , magnesium , sodium , and potassium .

The opacity of water may arise from a variety of materials in suspension , and samples from different sources may be equally opaque but contain widely varying weights of solid matter .
the opacity of water may arise from a variety of materials in suspension , and samples from different sources may be equally opaque but [have] widely varying weights of solid matter .

Some rivers may contain 200–300 mg/1 .
some rivers may [have] 200–300 mg/1 .

Most waters contain some dissolved oxygen , and , when in equilibrium with the atmosphere , the amounts will depend upon the water temperature .
most waters [have] some dissolved oxygen , and , when in equilibrium with the atmosphere , the amounts will depend upon the water temperature .

Shallow wells generally contain much water that has reached them from the surface , and this may bring varying amounts of contamination .
shallow wells generally [have] much water that has reached them from the surface , and this may bring varying amounts of contamination .

Some waters contain fine silt , which , although innocuous to humans , is filtered out by textiles and gives rise to staining .
some waters [have] fine silt , which , although innocuous to humans , is filtered out by textiles and gives rise to staining .

But do n't expect your fellow students to constitute a representative cross-section of the community at large — if only because they contain an above-average proportion of younger people and others who are most able to sustain continuous study and to benefit from college education .
but do n't expect your fellow students to constitute a representative cross-section of the community at large — if only because they [have] an above-average proportion of younger people and others who are most able to sustain continuous study and to benefit from college education .

Having to work from different angles makes it extremely difficult to maintain an even symmetry throughout the design , and it is therefore not surprising that nomadic rugs sometimes contain motifs of slightly varying sizes ; the fact that so many are perfectly balanced and symmetrical is a glowing testament to the weavers ' skill .
having to work from different angles makes it extremely difficult to maintain an even symmetry throughout the design , and it is therefore not surprising that nomadic rugs sometimes [have] motifs of slightly varying sizes ; the fact that so many are perfectly balanced and symmetrical is a glowing testament to the weavers ' skill .

If the actions can not be independently observed at all though , this might force the optimal contract to contain some element based on general risk , in order to provide incentives to efficiency .
if the actions can not be independently observed at all though , this might force the optimal contract to [have] some element based on general risk , in order to provide incentives to efficiency .

Nevertheless , this suggestion by Rees does contain one useful pointer : if managers are non-altruistic , controls on them must influence their pay in order to affect performance .
nevertheless , this suggestion by rees does [have] one useful pointer : if managers are non-altruistic , controls on them must influence their pay in order to affect performance .

Consequently , the semantic information used by the present project is acquired either from ( a ) machine-readable dictionaries , which contain encyclopaedic knowledge as well as the purely semantic sense definitions ( and should strictly be referred to as pragmatic in nature ) or ( b ) from text corpora ( which are syntagmatic rather than semantic in nature ) .
consequently , the semantic information used by the present project is acquired either from ( a ) machine-readable dictionaries , which [have] encyclopaedic knowledge as well as the purely semantic sense definitions ( and should strictly be referred to as pragmatic in nature ) or ( b ) from text corpora ( which are syntagmatic rather than semantic in nature ) .

The entries in the lexicon do not actually contain semantic information , but have instead pointers to locations in a separate store known as semantic memory in which the meanings are held .
the entries in the lexicon do not actually [have] semantic information , but have instead pointers to locations in a separate store known as semantic memory in which the meanings are held .

However , the meaning that these words contain is not always clear and unambiguous .
however , the meaning that these words [have] is not always clear and unambiguous .

The geographical one might contain words like ’ land ’ , ’ river ’ , ’ side ’ , ’ water ’ , etc .
the geographical one might [have] words like ’ land ’ , ’ river ’ , ’ side ’ , ’ water ’ , etc .

When these are compared with the word ’ river ’ and its definition ( which might contain words like ’ stream ’ , ’ water ’ , ’ flow ’ , etc . )
when these are compared with the word ’ river ’ and its definition ( which might [have] words like ’ stream ’ , ’ water ’ , ’ flow ’ , etc . )

However , the definitions of ’ payment ’ , ’ debt ’ and ’ loan ’ all contain the word ’ money ’ , so it can still be reached if the search goes far enough .
however , the definitions of ’ payment ’ , ’ debt ’ and ’ loan ’ all [have] the word ’ money ’ , so it can still be reached if the search goes far enough .

This is somewhat surprising , since it would be reasonable to assume that domain-specific dictionaries would contain the most appropriate collocations for domain-specific documents .
this is somewhat surprising , since it would be reasonable to assume that domain-specific dictionaries would [have] the most appropriate collocations for domain-specific documents .

The Contagious Diseases Acts , alongside their formal aim , can also be seen as part of the legal effort to contain this occupational and geographical mobility .
the contagious diseases acts , alongside their formal aim , can also be seen as part of the legal effort to [have] this occupational and geographical mobility .

This , however , is commonly the experience of the monitoring teams who so often contain nationals from the countries from which news of war and disaster is coming .
this , however , is commonly the experience of the monitoring teams who so often [have] nationals from the countries from which news of war and disaster is coming .

These generalizations contain some truths but oversimplify and to some degree distort a complex process of change .
these generalizations [have] some truths but oversimplify and to some degree distort a complex process of change .

The prospects for future economic growth sufficient to contain if not to solve mass poverty seemed less certain .
the prospects for future economic growth sufficient to [have] if not to solve mass poverty seemed less certain .

Packages can be sealed and can contain personal correspondence if it relates to the contents of the package .
packages can be sealed and can [have] personal correspondence if it relates to the contents of the package .

Printed Paper items must not contain personal correspondence or tapes .
printed paper items must not [have] personal correspondence or tapes .

Robert Beale , Clerk to the Privy Council , insisting that the Secretary must know almost everything about the affairs of England and her neighbours , recommended that the essential material be stored in ten or twelve great books : one would contain treaties ; another would list recusants ; a third would deal with the Councils in the Marches and in the North ; and so on .
robert beale , clerk to the privy council , insisting that the secretary must know almost everything about the affairs of england and her neighbours , recommended that the essential material be stored in ten or twelve great books : one would [have] treaties ; another would list recusants ; a third would deal with the councils in the marches and in the north ; and so on .

The daily ritual of meal-times , for example , may often contain a wealth of deliberately and non-deliberately imparted information for the child , in part confirming his status as a child ( children should be seen and not heard , children should finish their cabbage because it is good for them ) , in part defining the stages of growing up ( older children sit on ‘ proper ’ chairs , drink out of ‘ proper ’ cups , and use knives and forks ) , and in part defining and reinforcing certain adult identities ( father carves the joint , mother brings food from the stove ) .
the daily ritual of meal-times , for example , may often [have] a wealth of deliberately and non-deliberately imparted information for the child , in part confirming his status as a child ( children should be seen and not heard , children should finish their cabbage because it is good for them ) , in part defining the stages of growing up ( older children sit on ‘ proper ’ chairs , drink out of ‘ proper ’ cups , and use knives and forks ) , and in part defining and reinforcing certain adult identities ( father carves the joint , mother brings food from the stove ) .

One major factor acted to contain the divisive tendencies inherent in the prevailing group orientation .
one major factor acted to [have] the divisive tendencies inherent in the prevailing group orientation .

To this extent the nation still acts as the overriding social group whose existence serves to contain the most damaging effects of the conflict and factionalism which are daily occurrences at lower levels .
to this extent the nation still acts as the overriding social group whose existence serves to [have] the most damaging effects of the conflict and factionalism which are daily occurrences at lower levels .

Body tissues contain approximately 70% water which is essential for life .
body tissues [have] approximately 70% water which is essential for life .

Potatoes also contain an alkaloid called solanine , which when it occurs naturally in the potato at a level of approximately 0.01 % is responsible for the characteristic flavour of the tuber .
potatoes also [have] an alkaloid called solanine , which when it occurs naturally in the potato at a level of approximately 0.01 % is responsible for the characteristic flavour of the tuber .

Thick peeling is not only wasteful but also results in a loss of some of the valuable nutrients which potatoes contain .
thick peeling is not only wasteful but also results in a loss of some of the valuable nutrients which potatoes [have] .

Many processors are examining new packing materials and using them to produce complete meals , which contain potatoes and only need heating up before being ready to eat .
many processors are examining new packing materials and using them to produce complete meals , which [have] potatoes and only need heating up before being ready to eat .

The tubers should ideally contain little disease , greening or severe mechanical damage .
the tubers should ideally [have] little disease , greening or severe mechanical damage .

These contain detailed statistical or other information , which would disturb the flow if presented in the body of the report .
these [have] detailed statistical or other information , which would disturb the flow if presented in the body of the report .

The report should be between 750 and 1000 words in length and contain an explanation of what you learnt from the visit .
the report should be between 750 and 1000 words in length and [have] an explanation of what you learnt from the visit .

If you look at most textbooks of ten or fifteen years ago in your library , you will find that they contain mainly text .
if you look at most textbooks of ten or fifteen years ago in your library , you will find that they [have] mainly text .

Minutes must contain all the facts about a meeting .
minutes must [have] all the facts about a meeting .

Some minutes are very full and contain verbatim quotes while others only record the decisions and the actions required .
some minutes are very full and [have] verbatim quotes while others only record the decisions and the actions required .

Much the same reasoning led to the steadfast refusal of the Unidroit Study Group to yield to pressures to extend the scope of the Convention on International Financial Leasing to cover general issues of priority of competing claims to leased equipment , though article 7 does contain provisions preserving the lessor 's real rights against the claims of the lessee 's trustee in bankruptcy and execution and other creditors .
much the same reasoning led to the steadfast refusal of the unidroit study group to yield to pressures to extend the scope of the convention on international financial leasing to cover general issues of priority of competing claims to leased equipment , though article 7 does [have] provisions preserving the lessor 's real rights against the claims of the lessee 's trustee in bankruptcy and execution and other creditors .

Partnership contracts must contain , inter alia , the individual financial or in specie contributions of the members .
partnership contracts must [have] , inter alia , the individual financial or in specie contributions of the members .

Prisons , such as Preston and Portsmouth , which had been closed as civil prisons since the 1930s , had to be re-opened to contain the larger numbers .
prisons , such as preston and portsmouth , which had been closed as civil prisons since the 1930s , had to be re-opened to [have] the larger numbers .

There the higher number of offenders sentenced to imprisonment , augmented by a burgeoning population of unconvicted persons remanded in custody awaiting trial , regularly exceeded the capacity of the prison system to contain them in acceptable conditions .
there the higher number of offenders sentenced to imprisonment , augmented by a burgeoning population of unconvicted persons remanded in custody awaiting trial , regularly exceeded the capacity of the prison system to [have] them in acceptable conditions .

Of our three countries , Kenya stands out as the only one which has tried to manage economic development and contain inflation by selective price controls on individual items .
of our three countries , kenya stands out as the only one which has tried to manage economic development and [have] inflation by selective price controls on individual items .

While the book does contain much of interest , such errors are disappointing at this high price .
while the book does [have] much of interest , such errors are disappointing at this high price .

Furthermore , Oakeshott 's notion of tradition does contain within it — in the idea of coherence — criteria of self-reflection .
furthermore , oakeshott 's notion of tradition does [have] within it — in the idea of coherence — criteria of self-reflection .

An efficiently organised reception office should always have an up-to-date set of reference books in order to be able to answer the innumerable and varied questions that could be put to them by the guests . The reference library should contain :
an efficiently organised reception office should always have an up-to-date set of reference books in order to be able to answer the innumerable and varied questions that could be put to them by the guests . the reference library should [have] :

That evening , when Rachel was tucked up in bed sleeping , the moment came when Fred could contain his suspicions no longer , as Carrie had expected .
that evening , when rachel was tucked up in bed sleeping , the moment came when fred could [have] his suspicions no longer , as carrie had expected .

Formal proposals must contain responses to each specific matter raised in this document .
formal proposals must [have] responses to each specific matter raised in this document .

No other work of reference attempts to contain within its covers such a complete record of the English language , past and present .
no other work of reference attempts to [have] within its covers such a complete record of the english language , past and present .

When complete , the Supplement will contain about 62,900 main words and 529,000 quotations .
when complete , the supplement will [have] about 62,900 main words and 529,000 quotations .

It is only when politics leads to destructive conflict that we need to ask whether we should contain it .
it is only when politics leads to destructive conflict that we need to ask whether we should [have] it .

Instead of seeking to contain royal power they were preoccupied with gaining the favour of the Grand Prince , or control of the government when the monarch was personally weak or a minor .
instead of seeking to [have] royal power they were preoccupied with gaining the favour of the grand prince , or control of the government when the monarch was personally weak or a minor .

Generally the government was able to contain such local outbreaks .
generally the government was able to [have] such local outbreaks .

In addition , information theory by itself does not contain any dynamics : in order to understand the genetic code , the study of the underlying dynamics of its self-organization is essential .
in addition , information theory by itself does not [have] any dynamics : in order to understand the genetic code , the study of the underlying dynamics of its self-organization is essential .

Although the Black report does not contain any explicit statement about the period that it covers , none of the analyses on which it is based go beyond 1983 .
although the black report does not [have] any explicit statement about the period that it covers , none of the analyses on which it is based go beyond 1983 .

Federal and state health ministers have agreed on regulations requiring that , from July 1993 , half the surface area of cigarette packs is to contain explicit and detailed health information , including a free of charge ‘ quit line ’ telephone number .
federal and state health ministers have agreed on regulations requiring that , from july 1993 , half the surface area of cigarette packs is to [have] explicit and detailed health information , including a free of charge ‘ quit line ’ telephone number .

This time , our eggcup could contain thousands of millions of tons .
this time , our eggcup could [have] thousands of millions of tons .

The Clouds contain objects of all kinds : giant and dwarf stars , open and globular clusters , binaries , variables , novæ and gaseous nebulæ , one of which , the Tarantula Nebula , is a superb object in binoculars .
the clouds [have] objects of all kinds : giant and dwarf stars , open and globular clusters , binaries , variables , novæ and gaseous nebulæ , one of which , the tarantula nebula , is a superb object in binoculars .

My 12 × 40 binoculars will just take in the two Pointers to Polaris , Merak and Dubhe , which are 5 degrees of arc apart ; the 7 × 50 pair will contain them very easily , while , naturally , 20 × 70 will not .
my 12 × 40 binoculars will just take in the two pointers to polaris , merak and dubhe , which are 5 degrees of arc apart ; the 7 × 50 pair will [have] them very easily , while , naturally , 20 × 70 will not .

Omega is around 17000 light-years away ; it may contain more than a million stars .
omega is around 17000 light-years away ; it may [have] more than a million stars .

The character set displayed on the screen should contain sufficient shapes to enable common special sorts , accents , and phonetic symbols to be displayed .
the character set displayed on the screen should [have] sufficient shapes to enable common special sorts , accents , and phonetic symbols to be displayed .

These tables contain one or more versions of the text of each entry in the corresponding dictionary range .
these tables [have] one or more versions of the text of each entry in the corresponding dictionary range .

It can contain up to three tables of dictionary text plus up to 250 individual entries taken from across the whole dictionary range .
it can [have] up to three tables of dictionary text plus up to 250 individual entries taken from across the whole dictionary range .

The written material for the unit should contain a detailed guide to the drivechart , including keypress-by-keypress sequences to take the teacher through simple and commonly used options .
the written material for the unit should [have] a detailed guide to the drivechart , including keypress-by-keypress sequences to take the teacher through simple and commonly used options .

Such training sequences can also be included as an optional part of the program , which should also contain ‘ help ’ routines to feed information to the teacher who is having difficulties .
such training sequences can also be included as an optional part of the program , which should also [have] ‘ help ’ routines to feed information to the teacher who is having difficulties .

Obviously a well-structured program is easier to document as each subroutine should contain a logical element of the program , rather than the jumbled interconnected logic of an unstructured program .
obviously a well-structured program is easier to document as each subroutine should [have] a logical element of the program , rather than the jumbled interconnected logic of an unstructured program .

Leaf litter , soil and rotting timber contain small animals .
leaf litter , soil and rotting timber [have] small animals .

They may also contain the eggs , spores or pupae of other small animals that will hatch out when you have put the material in your microhabitat .
they may also [have] the eggs , spores or pupae of other small animals that will hatch out when you have put the material in your microhabitat .

The flour may now contain young larvae too .
the flour may now [have] young larvae too .

These would be used without being properly vetted and were likely to contain inaccuracies .
these would be used without being properly vetted and were likely to [have] inaccuracies .

Even the innocent bystander suspects that such claims contain more of wishful thinking than of substance , but he rarely realises how hard licensed dealers are .
even the innocent bystander suspects that such claims [have] more of wishful thinking than of substance , but he rarely realises how hard licensed dealers are .

The jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in Figure 3.11 contain an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .
the jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in figure 3.11 [have] an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .

Their utterances are syntactically simpler , contain a narrower range of semantic content , and less frequently refer outside the here-and-now .
their utterances are syntactically simpler , [have] a narrower range of semantic content , and less frequently refer outside the here-and-now .

The passage did not contain many clues to its overall theme .
the passage did not [have] many clues to its overall theme .

The program memory will contain a long list of words that will tax the resources of most children .
the program memory will [have] a long list of words that will tax the resources of most children .

The adventures usually contain puzzles that have to be solved , cryptic advice , plays on words , red herrings , and some really useful information that is only revealed when you 've asked the computer the right question , correctly phrased .
the adventures usually [have] puzzles that have to be solved , cryptic advice , plays on words , red herrings , and some really useful information that is only revealed when you 've asked the computer the right question , correctly phrased .

Campesina woman , San Salvador , April 1983 In the towns , markets contain whole sections given over to stalls with a vast variety of herbs and roots for every conceivable ailment from toothache to tuberculosis .
campesina woman , san salvador , april 1983 in the towns , markets [have] whole sections given over to stalls with a vast variety of herbs and roots for every conceivable ailment from toothache to tuberculosis .

The ultrastructure of the cells varies with their cycles of secretory activity ( Locke , 1969b ) but they have a microvillate surface and contain numerous mitochondria , Golgi vesicles and cisternae of smooth-surfaced endoplasmic reticulum as well as cytoskeletal structures in the form of oriented microfibres and microtubules .
the ultrastructure of the cells varies with their cycles of secretory activity ( locke , 1969b ) but they have a microvillate surface and [have] numerous mitochondria , golgi vesicles and cisternae of smooth-surfaced endoplasmic reticulum as well as cytoskeletal structures in the form of oriented microfibres and microtubules .

Xanthopterin and leucopterin are also found in the integument of the Vespidae , while the body- and wing.scales of many Pierid butterflies contain leucopterin , xanthopterin , isoxanthopterin and erythropterin .
xanthopterin and leucopterin are also found in the integument of the vespidae , while the body- and wing.scales of many pierid butterflies [have] leucopterin , xanthopterin , isoxanthopterin and erythropterin .

In the Collembola and Diplura all the antennal segments except the last contain intrinsic muscles , the antenna grows postembryonically by division of the terminal segment and Johnston 's organ ( p. 129 ) is absent .
in the collembola and diplura all the antennal segments except the last [have] intrinsic muscles , the antenna grows postembryonically by division of the terminal segment and johnston 's organ ( p. 129 ) is absent .

Such organs are outgrowths of the parts from which they arise and their cavities contain blood .
such organs are outgrowths of the parts from which they arise and their cavities [have] blood .

Unlike vertebrates , insects have muscles that contain relatively few fibres and to achieve smooth contractions they are supplied by multiple nerve endings some 30–80 µm apart , each inducing local contraction .
unlike vertebrates , insects have muscles that [have] relatively few fibres and to achieve smooth contractions they are supplied by multiple nerve endings some 30–80 µm apart , each inducing local contraction .

The axons of many neurons are organized into fibre tracts within the ganglion or run out , arranged together , as peripheral nerves ( which also contain the incoming axons of afferent neurons ) .
the axons of many neurons are organized into fibre tracts within the ganglion or run out , arranged together , as peripheral nerves ( which also [have] the incoming axons of afferent neurons ) .

The profile may contain test scores or examination results ; it may also contain statements about personal qualities and attitudes .
the profile may [have] test scores or examination results ; it may also [have] statements about personal qualities and attitudes .

Most examination papers contain practical problems such as fitting furniture into a room making use of scale drawings , or questions on practical experiments , e.g. ``
most examination papers [have] practical problems such as fitting furniture into a room making use of scale drawings , or questions on practical experiments , e.g. ``

In these schools ' sets the 0–17 score band contain 1.1 boys to each girl , but the higher score band ( 18–29 ) was made up of 2.4 boys to each girl .
in these schools ' sets the 0–17 score band [have] 1.1 boys to each girl , but the higher score band ( 18–29 ) was made up of 2.4 boys to each girl .

The following sections contain examples of criteria of the kind that could be used in a criterion-referenced assessment scheme .
the following sections [have] examples of criteria of the kind that could be used in a criterion-referenced assessment scheme .

As the story goes , these are statements , first , which have the distinction that their truth-values do not depend on the truth-values of statements they contain .
as the story goes , these are statements , first , which have the distinction that their truth-values do not depend on the truth-values of statements they [have] .

An example of the latter is the argument that since we are mistaken about secondary qualities-the real world does not contain red , sweet , and hot things but only certain electromagnetic , stereo-chemical , and micromechanical properties-so we can have no faith in our direct awareness of our conscious events , states , and processes .
an example of the latter is the argument that since we are mistaken about secondary qualities-the real world does not [have] red , sweet , and hot things but only certain electromagnetic , stereo-chemical , and micromechanical properties-so we can have no faith in our direct awareness of our conscious events , states , and processes .

Mental events , like most events , are composite-they contain or are constituted of other mental events .
mental events , like most events , are composite-they [have] or are constituted of other mental events .

Our constitution does not contain any positive declaration of the rights of individuals in the form of a Bill of Rights .
our constitution does not [have] any positive declaration of the rights of individuals in the form of a bill of rights .

Accordingly , the constitutions of many states contain guarantees of the right of peaceful protest .
accordingly , the constitutions of many states [have] guarantees of the right of peaceful protest .

It is very well known that dreams often contain elements — visual or ideational — that can be identified as being part of the previous day 's experiment .
it is very well known that dreams often [have] elements — visual or ideational — that can be identified as being part of the previous day 's experiment .

Embryos enter the uterus and start to cavitate ( form a blastocoel ) at about 94 h post-hCG when they contain approximately 32 cells ( i.e .
embryos enter the uterus and start to cavitate ( form a blastocoel ) at about 94 h post-hcg when they [have] approximately 32 cells ( i.e .

Each manipulation drop should contain only one embryo and a fresh drop should be used for each injection to minimize any possible contamination due to label diffusing out of the injection pipette .
each manipulation drop should [have] only one embryo and a fresh drop should be used for each injection to minimize any possible contamination due to label diffusing out of the injection pipette .

The Breakthrough to Literacy materials ( published by Longman ) contain a useful piece of equipment which can be used or adapted for any age of pupil .
the breakthrough to literacy materials ( published by longman ) [have] a useful piece of equipment which can be used or adapted for any age of pupil .

This team will contain representatives from Education and Industry responsible for : — coordinating Compact activities in the Schools and Industries ; — ensuring that high standards are maintained ; — establishing appropriate record-keeping and evaluation procedures .
this team will [have] representatives from education and industry responsible for : — coordinating compact activities in the schools and industries ; — ensuring that high standards are maintained ; — establishing appropriate record-keeping and evaluation procedures .

The school may also produce a newsletter for parents and governors which might contain short accounts of Compact activities .
the school may also produce a newsletter for parents and governors which might [have] short accounts of compact activities .

Does recruitment material contain information about benefits and staff facilities ?
does recruitment material [have] information about benefits and staff facilities ?

Labels contain information on additives , but definitions of terms like ‘ low-fat ’ and ‘ natural ’ are urgently needed .
labels [have] information on additives , but definitions of terms like ‘ low-fat ’ and ‘ natural ’ are urgently needed .

Tisserand 's first range of Aromatherapy Shampoos , Conditioners and a Hot Oil Pre-Wash Treatment — all contain pure essential oils and smell heavenly .
tisserand 's first range of aromatherapy shampoos , conditioners and a hot oil pre-wash treatment — all [have] pure essential oils and smell heavenly .

Thin foil wrappers , for example , contain so little material that it 's not worth the cost of recycling .
thin foil wrappers , for example , [have] so little material that it 's not worth the cost of recycling .

Ozone friendly : Products do not contain ozone-depleting CFCs or use them in manufacture .
ozone friendly : products do not [have] ozone-depleting cfcs or use them in manufacture .

The works he has chosen contain what are probably the two best-known pieces in the entire canon , the chorales ‘ Zion höt die Wächter singen ’ ( ‘ Zion hears the watchmen sing ’ ) from No .
the works he has chosen [have] what are probably the two best-known pieces in the entire canon , the chorales ‘ zion höt die wächter singen ’ ( ‘ zion hears the watchmen sing ’ ) from no .

They contain elements of both worker and bourgeois class positions .
they [have] elements of both worker and bourgeois class positions .

It could , for example , contain information about wiring and plumbing routes hidden from view .
it could , for example , [have] information about wiring and plumbing routes hidden from view .

You can use appliances that contain a heating element on a lower voltage than that indicated ( although they will heat up more slowly ) .
you can use appliances that [have] a heating element on a lower voltage than that indicated ( although they will heat up more slowly ) .

Be aware that milk and milk products may contain unpasteurised milk
be aware that milk and milk products may [have] unpasteurised milk

The pleadings of advocates contain much valuable information of an economic and social nature ; we can learn much , too , about human motivation which made men go to war .
the pleadings of advocates [have] much valuable information of an economic and social nature ; we can learn much , too , about human motivation which made men go to war .

Quine and Kuhn give very solid reasons for agreeing that scientific theories contain more than experience can pronounce upon .
quine and kuhn give very solid reasons for agreeing that scientific theories [have] more than experience can pronounce upon .

Theories must be allowed to contain more than experience can pronounce upon .
theories must be allowed to [have] more than experience can pronounce upon .

Or does the causal level contain factors of another sort which do the real work ?
or does the causal level [have] factors of another sort which do the real work ?

Left : This Welsh dresser is in the second kitchen , which used to be Elizabeth Jane 's nursery when she was a child . The dresser is part of the family 's everyday life : plates are used regularly , the jars contain beans and pasta , and there are a number of jugs from Elizabeth Jane 's collection
left : this welsh dresser is in the second kitchen , which used to be elizabeth jane 's nursery when she was a child . the dresser is part of the family 's everyday life : plates are used regularly , the jars [have] beans and pasta , and there are a number of jugs from elizabeth jane 's collection

As the pressure builds up in the bladder , the bladder neck muscles ca n't contain it and urine is passed .
as the pressure builds up in the bladder , the bladder neck muscles ca n't [have] it and urine is passed .

Most vacuum cleaners contain three filters — the dustbag , a motor filter and an exhaust filter .
most vacuum cleaners [have] three filters — the dustbag , a motor filter and an exhaust filter .

If such accounts as these contain any veracity , Thomas emerges as one of the most active and influential of all the disciples .
if such accounts as these [have] any veracity , thomas emerges as one of the most active and influential of all the disciples .

The residents of these four townships constitute 12 per cent of Wirral 's total population , yet between them they contain 38 per cent of the borough 's known opioid users .
the residents of these four townships constitute 12 per cent of wirral 's total population , yet between them they [have] 38 per cent of the borough 's known opioid users .

Some toothpastes are specially made to help keep your gums healthy , as they contain ingredients which fight bacteria .
some toothpastes are specially made to help keep your gums healthy , as they [have] ingredients which fight bacteria .

Some contain chlorhexidine which may help fight plaque bacteria .
some [have] chlorhexidine which may help fight plaque bacteria .

Do n't forget , too , that teeth are in danger from all the sugars that everyday foods and drinks contain .
do n't forget , too , that teeth are in danger from all the sugars that everyday foods and drinks [have] .

The authority initiating the request had , however , to be identified in the written request delivered by the consul , which was also to contain information about the parties and the nature of the document to be served and was to be prepared in the language of the state of destination .
the authority initiating the request had , however , to be identified in the written request delivered by the consul , which was also to [have] information about the parties and the nature of the document to be served and was to be prepared in the language of the state of destination .

The authors of the Convention perceived the need for some balancing provision , some safeguards for defendants , and Articles 15 and 16 contain carefully constructed guarantees which have been described as the keystone of the text .
the authors of the convention perceived the need for some balancing provision , some safeguards for defendants , and articles 15 and 16 [have] carefully constructed guarantees which have been described as the keystone of the text .

The material itself may include some original documents and written reports of experts , but will also contain a record , in the form of a deposition or summary , of oral testimony given by witnesses and , in some systems , by the parties .
the material itself may include some original documents and written reports of experts , but will also [have] a record , in the form of a deposition or summary , of oral testimony given by witnesses and , in some systems , by the parties .

v. Galliher the court ordered the defendant to disclose full particulars of a flat in Paris ( which was thought to contain valuable pictures and objets d'art allegedly transferred to the defendant in fraud of the creditors of another ) , to verify the information on affidavit , and to permit a named French avocat to inspect the contents of the flat .
v. galliher the court ordered the defendant to disclose full particulars of a flat in paris ( which was thought to [have] valuable pictures and objets d'art allegedly transferred to the defendant in fraud of the creditors of another ) , to verify the information on affidavit , and to permit a named french avocat to inspect the contents of the flat .

The preliminary draft of Article 1 did in fact contain , in the English text only , an explanatory gloss to the word ‘ evidence ’ as ‘ including the taking of statements of witnesses , parties or experts and the production or examination of documents or other objects or property ’ ; its eventual omission was for reasons of style rather than of substance .
the preliminary draft of article 1 did in fact [have] , in the english text only , an explanatory gloss to the word ‘ evidence ’ as ‘ including the taking of statements of witnesses , parties or experts and the production or examination of documents or other objects or property ’ ; its eventual omission was for reasons of style rather than of substance .

The detailed information which the Letter of Request must contain is set out in Article 3 .
the detailed information which the letter of request must [have] is set out in article 3 .

iv New Zealand : The New Zealand government is to raise the excise tax on cigarettes by 50 cents per pack to help contain the public health costs of smoking .
iv new zealand : the new zealand government is to raise the excise tax on cigarettes by 50 cents per pack to help [have] the public health costs of smoking .

They must be ascribed the status due to calculations which contain a large element of estimation .
they must be ascribed the status due to calculations which [have] a large element of estimation .

For men the older age groups also contain the highest proportions of ex-regular smokers .
for men the older age groups also [have] the highest proportions of ex-regular smokers .

Typically , residents of both public and private sector provision will contain a large number of people aged 80 + .
typically , residents of both public and private sector provision will [have] a large number of people aged 80 + .

The sequence of accidents through which the hero has to steer his suffering way to achieve fame and fortune ( even to the extent , in Peter Simple , of years incarcerated in Bedlam by a wicked uncle ) must be viewed in the context of society nearly two centuries ago ; even so , these are organised , contrived and deliberately sensational plots which serve to contain the sprawling , spanking reality of Marryat 's detail .
the sequence of accidents through which the hero has to steer his suffering way to achieve fame and fortune ( even to the extent , in peter simple , of years incarcerated in bedlam by a wicked uncle ) must be viewed in the context of society nearly two centuries ago ; even so , these are organised , contrived and deliberately sensational plots which serve to [have] the sprawling , spanking reality of marryat 's detail .

All four books about Ayesha , defined by courtesy and by their subject-matter as adventure stones , contain in fact relatively little action .
all four books about ayesha , defined by courtesy and by their subject-matter as adventure stones , [have] in fact relatively little action .

This view would appear to contain much sense ; but it must not be taken to the extreme .
this view would appear to [have] much sense ; but it must not be taken to the extreme .

These features have suggested that the agent may not contain nucleic acid , which has prompted the name prion ( proteinaceous infectious particle ) .
these features have suggested that the agent may not [have] nucleic acid , which has prompted the name prion ( proteinaceous infectious particle ) .

For those of you wishing to push the aircraft to its limits the stall is fairly uneventful and easy to contain .
for those of you wishing to push the aircraft to its limits the stall is fairly uneventful and easy to [have] .

The dream ( on which we may try hard to impose a narrative structure , to make sense of it ) is unlike much fantasy in that it often does n't , of itself , contain any such structure , and the ‘ story ’ , if it tells one , may be deeply unintelligible to us .
the dream ( on which we may try hard to impose a narrative structure , to make sense of it ) is unlike much fantasy in that it often does n't , of itself , [have] any such structure , and the ‘ story ’ , if it tells one , may be deeply unintelligible to us .

Old fuse boxes contain rewirable or enclosed cartridge fuses , which have to be replaced with wire or a new fuse of the correct current rating if they ‘ blow ’ as a result of an electrical fault on the circuit .
old fuse boxes [have] rewirable or enclosed cartridge fuses , which have to be replaced with wire or a new fuse of the correct current rating if they ‘ blow ’ as a result of an electrical fault on the circuit .

Modern consumer units contain small electro-mechanical switches called miniature circuit breakers ( MCBs ) instead of fuses ; these simply switch themselves off automatically in the event of a fault , and can be switched on again once it has been corrected .
modern consumer units [have] small electro-mechanical switches called miniature circuit breakers ( mcbs ) instead of fuses ; these simply switch themselves off automatically in the event of a fault , and can be switched on again once it has been corrected .

Fuse boxes and consumer units also contain the system 's main isolating switch .
fuse boxes and consumer units also [have] the system 's main isolating switch .

Each circuit can feed up to 12 lighting points , but in practice it is wise to restrict this to a maximum of eight , to allow for some to contain more than one bulb .
each circuit can feed up to 12 lighting points , but in practice it is wise to restrict this to a maximum of eight , to allow for some to [have] more than one bulb .

Modern consumer units contain miniature circuit breakers which switch off automatically in the event of a fault .
modern consumer units [have] miniature circuit breakers which switch off automatically in the event of a fault .

Any protection screen designed for this purpose should be at least 800mm in height above floor level , and must not contain gaps in excess of 75mm .
any protection screen designed for this purpose should be at least 800mm in height above floor level , and must not [have] gaps in excess of 75mm .

It pays to use a sterilised rooting compost , or a medium such as horticultural vermiculite , rather than garden soil , but these may contain minimal nutrients , so pot up into a potting compost as soon as they are well rooted .
it pays to use a sterilised rooting compost , or a medium such as horticultural vermiculite , rather than garden soil , but these may [have] minimal nutrients , so pot up into a potting compost as soon as they are well rooted .

The present system of managed floating does contain the possibility of direct conflict if official intervention is carried out at cross-purposes .
the present system of managed floating does [have] the possibility of direct conflict if official intervention is carried out at cross-purposes .

Typically the central bank of the country facing downwards pressure on its currency would intervene for a time by running down its official reserves , but eventually might decide to devalue if there was no sign that domestic policies were likely to contain the situation .
typically the central bank of the country facing downwards pressure on its currency would intervene for a time by running down its official reserves , but eventually might decide to devalue if there was no sign that domestic policies were likely to [have] the situation .

As a result the local authority sector will increasingly contain the least popular form of council dwelling : the council flat on the ‘ sink ’ estate .
as a result the local authority sector will increasingly [have] the least popular form of council dwelling : the council flat on the ‘ sink ’ estate .

Why do human cultures contain something which can be called ‘ religion ’ ?
why do human cultures [have] something which can be called ‘ religion ’ ?

These contain some of my very favourite books this year :
these [have] some of my very favourite books this year :

Although he did not specifically mention Articles Two and Three — which contain the claim — he said the constitution meant a great deal to nationalists in Northern Ireland , and it could not change in advance of an overall settlement .
although he did not specifically mention articles two and three — which [have] the claim — he said the constitution meant a great deal to nationalists in northern ireland , and it could not change in advance of an overall settlement .

They are almost unmineralised except where they contain tectonic slices of the underlying Lewisian basement .
they are almost unmineralised except where they [have] tectonic slices of the underlying lewisian basement .

Areas in Britain considered prospective for Irish-style mineralisation all contain early Carboniferous sediments in extensional , half-graben basins bounded by syn-depositional faults .
areas in britain considered prospective for irish-style mineralisation all [have] early carboniferous sediments in extensional , half-graben basins bounded by syn-depositional faults .

Natural waters , including surface waters and shallow groundwaters , contain information about mobile weathering products which may be used in a complimentary manner to stream sediment and soil sampling ( Edmunds , 1971 ) .
natural waters , including surface waters and shallow groundwaters , [have] information about mobile weathering products which may be used in a complimentary manner to stream sediment and soil sampling ( edmunds , 1971 ) .

They set out policies for future mineral development and often contain useful information about past and current mineral working in the area .
they set out policies for future mineral development and often [have] useful information about past and current mineral working in the area .

They also contain criteria against which mineral development applications will be assessed and describe policies for the restoration and after-use of mineral sites .
they also [have] criteria against which mineral development applications will be assessed and describe policies for the restoration and after-use of mineral sites .

The large Caledonian basic intrusions of Insch , Cabrach and Boganclough are iron and titanium enriched and contain up to 5 per cent TiO & sub2 ; , mainly in ilmenite .
the large caledonian basic intrusions of insch , cabrach and boganclough are iron and titanium enriched and [have] up to 5 per cent tio & sub2 ; , mainly in ilmenite .

Glacial tills and residual soils in parts of the Lizard peninsula in Cornwall contain elevated levels of TiO & sub2 ; , as ilmenite , over thicknesses of several metres ( Leake , personal communication May 1989 ) .
glacial tills and residual soils in parts of the lizard peninsula in cornwall [have] elevated levels of tio & sub2 ; , as ilmenite , over thicknesses of several metres ( leake , personal communication may 1989 ) .

The policy wordings displayed in Trove contain all the fixed text in each of the policies .
the policy wordings displayed in trove [have] all the fixed text in each of the policies .

The recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instructions for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .
the recording will [have] letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instructions for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .

The recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instructions for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .
the recording will [have] letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instructions for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .

The recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instruction for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .
the recording will [have] letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instruction for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .

These contain the agreed job descriptions and the qualifications generally applicable to them in each country .
these [have] the agreed job descriptions and the qualifications generally applicable to them in each country .

All policies contain a Matching of Items clause .
all policies [have] a matching of items clause .

All Home Insurance policies contain a Matching of Items clause .
all home insurance policies [have] a matching of items clause .

All Home Insurance policies contain a Matching of Items clause .
all home insurance policies [have] a matching of items clause .

Certain sections of the policy contain an exclusion relating to loss or damage caused by any process of cleaning , repair or alteration .
certain sections of the policy [have] an exclusion relating to loss or damage caused by any process of cleaning , repair or alteration .

Jewellery defenders Devall , Cooper and Copeland worked hard to contain the penetrating runs of Grayson and Brooks .
jewellery defenders devall , cooper and copeland worked hard to [have] the penetrating runs of grayson and brooks .

However at this time these are the only schemes that contain such a specific wording .
however at this time these are the only schemes that [have] such a specific wording .

It will not prejudice his claim in any way if he takes all necessary steps to minimise and contain his loss .
it will not prejudice his claim in any way if he takes all necessary steps to minimise and [have] his loss .

Work continues with Building Society clients to contain losses .
work continues with building society clients to [have] losses .

‘ While the remedial action we have taken in all our major territories is proving effective , the need to contain costs and to underwrite selectively will remain the basis on which we will continue to develop our business worldwide ’ .
‘ while the remedial action we have taken in all our major territories is proving effective , the need to [have] costs and to underwrite selectively will remain the basis on which we will continue to develop our business worldwide ’ .

We continue to work with Building Society customers to contain losses .
we continue to work with building society customers to [have] losses .

‘ Action taken to contain operating costs and introduce more selective underwriting procedures has proved increasingly effective and we have reported a substantial recovery in our operating performance for 1992 .
‘ action taken to [have] operating costs and introduce more selective underwriting procedures has proved increasingly effective and we have reported a substantial recovery in our operating performance for 1992 .

• seek to contain future increases in the practising certificate fee to the level of inflation ;
• seek to [have] future increases in the practising certificate fee to the level of inflation ;

At the back of this second tower a long range was added in the late 16th century , possibly to contain a spacious great hall , but little trace of this remains today .
at the back of this second tower a long range was added in the late 16th century , possibly to [have] a spacious great hall , but little trace of this remains today .

Grey silts on the valley floor contain the abundant remains of salt marsh plants suggesting that at that time this was a shallow inlet of the sea .
grey silts on the valley floor [have] the abundant remains of salt marsh plants suggesting that at that time this was a shallow inlet of the sea .

Package contracts must be in writing and must also contain certain matters — included in these are the situation where a minimum number of customers must book before the package is on — the minimum number must be specified and the deadline for cancellation ( due to that number not being achieved ) must be stated .
package contracts must be in writing and must also [have] certain matters — included in these are the situation where a minimum number of customers must book before the package is on — the minimum number must be specified and the deadline for cancellation ( due to that number not being achieved ) must be stated .

The back up pack should perhaps contain the leaflet you sent to us .
the back up pack should perhaps [have] the leaflet you sent to us .

My mother tried to contain her frustrations .
my mother tried to [have] her frustrations .

Its magnificent rooms contain tapestries , superb French furniture , Sevres and Meissen china and silver .
its magnificent rooms [have] tapestries , superb french furniture , sevres and meissen china and silver .

He took a deep breath to contain his anger and touched the Labrador .
he took a deep breath to [have] his anger and touched the labrador .

This is a manifestation of what Freud meant by the chaos of the id — the fact that it can contain within itself contradictory and mutually excluding instinctual drives without ever registering any distortion .
this is a manifestation of what freud meant by the chaos of the id — the fact that it can [have] within itself contradictory and mutually excluding instinctual drives without ever registering any distortion .

What the Tables contain
what the tables [have]

Reading from left to right the tables contain the following information :
reading from left to right the tables [have] the following information :

The courses in the first two years usually contain five or six hours of tuition per week and cover the following aspects : language work in small tutorial groups ( for the spoken language students are taught by native speakers ) ; modern literature taught in lectures and tutorials ; and in most departments , aspects of history and civilisation .
the courses in the first two years usually [have] five or six hours of tuition per week and cover the following aspects : language work in small tutorial groups ( for the spoken language students are taught by native speakers ) ; modern literature taught in lectures and tutorials ; and in most departments , aspects of history and civilisation .

The Geology and Geography degrees contain complementary elements that are brought together in this course , designed for students interested in the Earth 's surface processes .
the geology and geography degrees [have] complementary elements that are brought together in this course , designed for students interested in the earth 's surface processes .

Out of the corner of his eye Amiss could see that the single bookshelf seemed to contain mainly school stories and adventure yarns .
out of the corner of his eye amiss could see that the single bookshelf seemed to [have] mainly school stories and adventure yarns .

The original crucifix had been much smaller , too small in fact to contain whatever it was that he was cradling in his hand .
the original crucifix had been much smaller , too small in fact to [have] whatever it was that he was cradling in his hand .

Not till you came to this barrier did you realise that you were in a cage , reinforced to contain humans .
not till you came to this barrier did you realise that you were in a cage , reinforced to [have] humans .

In fact , eighty per cent of what we throw away could have been used again : that means that , out of every five dustbins of `` rubbish `` , four contain valuable recyclable materials .
in fact , eighty per cent of what we throw away could have been used again : that means that , out of every five dustbins of `` rubbish `` , four [have] valuable recyclable materials .

These do not , as Liebich ( 1982 ) points out , amount to a theory of bureaucracy , but they contain all the elements of the debate about the role of bureaucracy in different socio-economic settings that occupy the minds of contemporary Marxists .
these do not , as liebich ( 1982 ) points out , amount to a theory of bureaucracy , but they [have] all the elements of the debate about the role of bureaucracy in different socio-economic settings that occupy the minds of contemporary marxists .

The bourgeoisie and petty bourgeoisie might contain traitors and saboteurs , but they also know the techniques of management , industrial production and trade — ‘ they do know how to run shops ’ , Lenin conceded .
the bourgeoisie and petty bourgeoisie might [have] traitors and saboteurs , but they also know the techniques of management , industrial production and trade — ‘ they do know how to run shops ’ , lenin conceded .

She had a good idea of what the envelope would contain , and she was already feeling faintly irritated .
she had a good idea of what the envelope would [have] , and she was already feeling faintly irritated .

As shown above , direct comparison between the different types of investigation used is not possible and ony immunohistochemical techniques provide direct demonstration that the tumour cells do indeed contain xenobiotic metabolising enzymes .
as shown above , direct comparison between the different types of investigation used is not possible and ony immunohistochemical techniques provide direct demonstration that the tumour cells do indeed [have] xenobiotic metabolising enzymes .

By gently scraping the mucosa and lamina propria from a small piece of resected colon with a scalpel blade and biopsying the tissue below , it was possible to compare metabolism of mucosal biopsy specimens with that of submucosal specimens ( histologically shown to contain connective tissue and muscularis ) .
by gently scraping the mucosa and lamina propria from a small piece of resected colon with a scalpel blade and biopsying the tissue below , it was possible to compare metabolism of mucosal biopsy specimens with that of submucosal specimens ( histologically shown to [have] connective tissue and muscularis ) .

Even assuming that gliadin contains more than one toxic moiety , a pure peptide would contain considerably more of the toxic moiety on a molar basis than whole gliadin .
even assuming that gliadin contains more than one toxic moiety , a pure peptide would [have] considerably more of the toxic moiety on a molar basis than whole gliadin .

Serum from Crohn 's disease probands and their healthy first degree relatives may contain antibodies to gut epithelial cells , and peripheral blood lymphocytes from Crohn 's disease patients may be cytotoxic to these cells .
serum from crohn 's disease probands and their healthy first degree relatives may [have] antibodies to gut epithelial cells , and peripheral blood lymphocytes from crohn 's disease patients may be cytotoxic to these cells .

Firstly , in seven of our patients , the dialysis bags were expelled from the rectum along with rectal water ; in the others the rectum presumably did not contain more than small amounts of fluid .
firstly , in seven of our patients , the dialysis bags were expelled from the rectum along with rectal water ; in the others the rectum presumably did not [have] more than small amounts of fluid .

The accounts of an establishment of chantry priests at Bridport in Dorset show that their diet contained considerable quantities of flesh and fish , and that , although it normally was fairly plain , it could contain luxuries on special occasions .
the accounts of an establishment of chantry priests at bridport in dorset show that their diet contained considerable quantities of flesh and fish , and that , although it normally was fairly plain , it could [have] luxuries on special occasions .

They also contain information about the sea routes round Brittany , and south to Gascony and the Iberian peninsula , although they are markedly fuller north of Bordeaux ( 63 , pp.24–6 ) .
they also [have] information about the sea routes round brittany , and south to gascony and the iberian peninsula , although they are markedly fuller north of bordeaux ( 63 , pp.24–6 ) .

Thus , the preferred culture media contain antimicrobial agents that inhibit competing organisms .
thus , the preferred culture media [have] antimicrobial agents that inhibit competing organisms .

Answer guide : Answers should contain the following elements : fixed assets are for use in the business and are long term ; on the other hand current assets are essentially short term .
answer guide : answers should [have] the following elements : fixed assets are for use in the business and are long term ; on the other hand current assets are essentially short term .

What is the purpose of a balance sheet and what information does it contain .
what is the purpose of a balance sheet and what information does it [have] .

Answer guide : The answer should contain the idea of an expired or past benefit .
answer guide : the answer should [have] the idea of an expired or past benefit .

Explain the reasons why partnership agreements often contain clauses relating to interest , bonuses , salaries and division of profits .
explain the reasons why partnership agreements often [have] clauses relating to interest , bonuses , salaries and division of profits .

However , it should contain references to the underlying trends in profitability , risk , and the increasing reliance on debt .
however , it should [have] references to the underlying trends in profitability , risk , and the increasing reliance on debt .

Answer guide : Annual accounts contain summarized information more detail may be required .
answer guide : annual accounts [have] summarized information more detail may be required .

Households may contain more than one family ; for example , there may be a lodger .
households may [have] more than one family ; for example , there may be a lodger .

However , a subsidy on all food may be counterproductive if different types of processed food contain nutrition to a greater or lesser extent .
however , a subsidy on all food may be counterproductive if different types of processed food [have] nutrition to a greater or lesser extent .

This file should contain the responses the user would have given to the prompts had the system been used interactively , as described below .
this file should [have] the responses the user would have given to the prompts had the system been used interactively , as described below .

This entry must contain all the information required to understand the purpose of the module and how to use it .
this entry must [have] all the information required to understand the purpose of the module and how to use it .

This section concerns modules which contain source code .
this section concerns modules which [have] source code .

Reserve module names for the package and the new modules which it is to contain .
reserve module names for the package and the new modules which it is to [have] .

If the package is to contain modules which already exist , then each one must be specified in one of the following ways :
if the package is to [have] modules which already exist , then each one must be specified in one of the following ways :

modify an existing package to contain all modules .
modify an existing package to [have] all modules .

Up to three entries are allowed but are not compulsory . If supplied , each entry must be divided into two parts , the first of which must contain one of the following keywords :
up to three entries are allowed but are not compulsory . if supplied , each entry must be divided into two parts , the first of which must [have] one of the following keywords :

The second part must contain a classification code of maximum length 40 printable characters , including spaces .
the second part must [have] a classification code of maximum length 40 printable characters , including spaces .

The second part must contain the item name .
the second part must [have] the item name .

If supplied , each entry may contain up to 100 printable characters , including spaces .
if supplied , each entry may [have] up to 100 printable characters , including spaces .

Up to 12 entries are allowed but are not compulsory . If supplied , each entry must be divided into two parts , the first of which must contain one of the following keywords :
up to 12 entries are allowed but are not compulsory . if supplied , each entry must be divided into two parts , the first of which must [have] one of the following keywords :

If supplied , each entry may contain up to 100 printable characters , including spaces .
if supplied , each entry may [have] up to 100 printable characters , including spaces .

The only requirement regarding the software itself is that each file should contain a module header .
the only requirement regarding the software itself is that each file should [have] a module header .

When software development is completed , and the software is ready to be issued for use , either internally or to a client , then a package must be created to contain the issue software .
when software development is completed , and the software is ready to be issued for use , either internally or to a client , then a package must be created to [have] the issue software .

The volumes are grouped into sets , which can contain as many volumes as required ; each set stores data which is associated with one charge code and selected by a classification filter .
the volumes are grouped into sets , which can [have] as many volumes as required ; each set stores data which is associated with one charge code and selected by a classification filter .

Configuration File This must be edited for each hard copy run , to contain the keywords which dictate the format of the hard copy volume sets and the charge codes for which modules should be hard copied .
configuration file this must be edited for each hard copy run , to [have] the keywords which dictate the format of the hard copy volume sets and the charge codes for which modules should be hard copied .

For each hard copy run , this file must be edited to contain several keywords which control the hard copy run .
for each hard copy run , this file must be edited to [have] several keywords which control the hard copy run .

all Package and Product modules which contain that module version .
all package and product modules which [have] that module version .

This file should contain the responses the user would have given to the prompts for the relevant options had the system been used interactively as described below .
this file should [have] the responses the user would have given to the prompts for the relevant options had the system been used interactively as described below .

It is estimated that a database of this size could contain the following ( note that these figures are only estimates ) :
it is estimated that a database of this size could [have] the following ( note that these figures are only estimates ) :

In addition , all pages contain standard information at the top as follows ( see figure 2.2 ) :
in addition , all pages [have] standard information at the top as follows ( see figure 2.2 ) :

For example , in figure 2.1 the cursor would be at the foot of the list of options and would require only one user input , but other pages may contain more fields and require more information .
for example , in figure 2.1 the cursor would be at the foot of the list of options and would require only one user input , but other pages may [have] more fields and require more information .

The existence string should be used to provide a brief reason why the module name is being reserved and to give an indication of what the module contains at present or is meant to contain in the future .
the existence string should be used to provide a brief reason why the module name is being reserved and to give an indication of what the module contains at present or is meant to [have] in the future .

The existence string should be used to provide a brief reason why the module names are being reserved and to give an indication of what the modules contain at present or are meant to contain in the future .
the existence string should be used to provide a brief reason why the module names are being reserved and to give an indication of what the modules [have] at present or are meant to [have] in the future .

If the latest version of the module is a development version then the package must contain it as Latest .
if the latest version of the module is a development version then the package must [have] it as latest .

Up to three entries are allowed but are not compulsory . If supplied , each entry must be divided into two parts , the first of which must contain one of the following keywords :
up to three entries are allowed but are not compulsory . if supplied , each entry must be divided into two parts , the first of which must [have] one of the following keywords :

The second part must contain a classification code of maximum length 40 printable characters , including spaces .
the second part must [have] a classification code of maximum length 40 printable characters , including spaces .

The second part must contain the item name .
the second part must [have] the item name .

If supplied , each entry may contain up to 100 printable characters , including spaces .
if supplied , each entry may [have] up to 100 printable characters , including spaces .

Up to 12 entries are allowed but are not compulsory . If supplied , each entry must be divided into two parts , the first of which must contain one of the following keywords :
up to 12 entries are allowed but are not compulsory . if supplied , each entry must be divided into two parts , the first of which must [have] one of the following keywords :

If supplied , each entry may contain up to 100 printable characters , including spaces .
if supplied , each entry may [have] up to 100 printable characters , including spaces .

where file name must have a minimum of one character in both the name and the extension , but must not exceed 64 characters , nor contain spaces .
where file name must have a minimum of one character in both the name and the extension , but must not exceed 64 characters , nor [have] spaces .

Package does not contain itself .
package does not [have] itself .

… does not contain the latest version
… does not [have] the latest version

But be warned : even vitrio-spitting moments contain humorous silver linings with this band , as bassist William Potter demonstrates .
but be warned : even vitrio-spitting moments [have] humorous silver linings with this band , as bassist william potter demonstrates .

These parish gentry were conscious of their elevated status but they were not sharply separated from the rest of the community , for it was quite common in the Tudor and Stuart era for such a family to contain men and women of various occupations and lower social standing .
these parish gentry were conscious of their elevated status but they were not sharply separated from the rest of the community , for it was quite common in the tudor and stuart era for such a family to [have] men and women of various occupations and lower social standing .

Birth , marriage and death certificates each contain information that enables the researcher to take another step further back in time .
birth , marriage and death certificates each [have] information that enables the researcher to take another step further back in time .

Although the layers of rock appear barren , they contain the fossilised remains of extinct animals , and clues to the lifestyle of our predecessors .
although the layers of rock appear barren , they [have] the fossilised remains of extinct animals , and clues to the lifestyle of our predecessors .

The gametes contain 23 ( haploid number ) .
the gametes [have] 23 ( haploid number ) .

Organic acids contain a polar group .
organic acids [have] a polar group .

Amino acids contain both an acid group and an amine group .
amino acids [have] both an acid group and an amine group .

Since we must have some way of linking each component to the next one in the structure , each component must contain a link or pointer that points to the next component in the structure .
since we must have some way of linking each component to the next one in the structure , each component must [have] a link or pointer that points to the next component in the structure .

It can contain fields of different types with the pointer being one of them .
it can [have] fields of different types with the pointer being one of them .

We are required to find the value of given In 1811 , Amedeo Avogadro put forward his famous law which states that equal volumes of all gases at the same temperature and pressure contain equal numbers of molecules .
we are required to find the value of given in 1811 , amedeo avogadro put forward his famous law which states that equal volumes of all gases at the same temperature and pressure [have] equal numbers of molecules .

Each database may contain hundreds of thousands of references to the scientific and patent literature ( see table 4.1 ) .
each database may [have] hundreds of thousands of references to the scientific and patent literature ( see table 4.1 ) .

Solution The percentages show that 100 grams of the sugar contain 40 grams of carbon , 6.7 grams of hydrogen and 53.3 grams of oxygen . We can thus find the empirical formula as follows : The empirical formula of the sugar is thus
solution the percentages show that 100 grams of the sugar [have] 40 grams of carbon , 6.7 grams of hydrogen and 53.3 grams of oxygen . we can thus find the empirical formula as follows : the empirical formula of the sugar is thus

The two bulbs contain different gases .
the two bulbs [have] different gases .

Plant cells contain salt solutions in spaces known as vacuoles .
plant cells [have] salt solutions in spaces known as vacuoles .

The high registers contain parameters passed from above the current procedure .
the high registers [have] parameters passed from above the current procedure .

Even with Smith & Nephew moving to oxygen bleaching for Lil-lets , and Tambrand 's denial that they use chlorine bleaching ( though Tampax do contain rayon , produced using chlorine ) , there are still problems with tampons and sanitary towels .
even with smith & nephew moving to oxygen bleaching for lil-lets , and tambrand 's denial that they use chlorine bleaching ( though tampax do [have] rayon , produced using chlorine ) , there are still problems with tampons and sanitary towels .

Modern incinerators contain the fumes of burning rubbish .
modern incinerators [have] the fumes of burning rubbish .

The minister , Mr Juan Sourrouille , had struggled to contain inflation and to put the government 's finances in touch with something like reality .
the minister , mr juan sourrouille , had struggled to [have] inflation and to put the government 's finances in touch with something like reality .

To establish whether or not a claim submitted by a contractor is valid , and to dispute it successfully if it is not , the client must ensure that accurate records are kept on his of her behalf . This involves setting up a management information system to contain comprehensive records including those listed in table 7.2
to establish whether or not a claim submitted by a contractor is valid , and to dispute it successfully if it is not , the client must ensure that accurate records are kept on his of her behalf . this involves setting up a management information system to [have] comprehensive records including those listed in table 7.2

An interim inquiry into the disaster published in August 1989 had concluded that its main cause had been the failure of the police to contain the movement of supporters into the stadium .
an interim inquiry into the disaster published in august 1989 had concluded that its main cause had been the failure of the police to [have] the movement of supporters into the stadium .

Commentators described Gorbachev 's remarks , particularly the juxtaposition of his announcement about possible secession with his comment about his own and perestroika 's fate , as a bold gamble to confront and try to contain separatist aspirations by endorsing a constitutional path to independence for republics , but at the same time warning of dire consequences should they follow it .
commentators described gorbachev 's remarks , particularly the juxtaposition of his announcement about possible secession with his comment about his own and perestroika 's fate , as a bold gamble to confront and try to [have] separatist aspirations by endorsing a constitutional path to independence for republics , but at the same time warning of dire consequences should they follow it .

In a report published on Jan. 3 , the human rights organization Amnesty International accused the Israeli government of condoning , and even encouraging , the extrajudicial execution of Palestinian civilians in an effort to contain the intifada ( `` uprising `` ) .
in a report published on jan. 3 , the human rights organization amnesty international accused the israeli government of condoning , and even encouraging , the extrajudicial execution of palestinian civilians in an effort to [have] the intifada ( `` uprising `` ) .

Although Mubarak clearly set out his anti-Iraqi position early on in the crisis , he also openly expressed his wish to `` contain `` the conflict within the Arab nation .
although mubarak clearly set out his anti-iraqi position early on in the crisis , he also openly expressed his wish to `` [have] `` the conflict within the arab nation .

The South African Institute of Race Relations on Aug. 25 called for special measures to contain the township violence , and for the emergency powers to be given `` in an impartial manner and without the excessive use of force `` .
the south african institute of race relations on aug. 25 called for special measures to [have] the township violence , and for the emergency powers to be given `` in an impartial manner and without the excessive use of force `` .

The police used armoured vehicles and tear gas to contain the protesters who were armed with rocks and petrol bombs .
the police used armoured vehicles and tear gas to [have] the protesters who were armed with rocks and petrol bombs .

Although low alcohol products contain lower than standard levels of alcohol , they still contain alcohol and could , if consumed in sufficient quantities , impair driving skills .
although low alcohol products [have] lower than standard levels of alcohol , they still [have] alcohol and could , if consumed in sufficient quantities , impair driving skills .

The United States ambassador Thomas Stroock was recalled to Washington on March 5 for consultations , in protest at the failure of the government of President Vinicio Cerezo to contain an upsurge in assassinations widely attributed to right-wing extremists in the Army .
the united states ambassador thomas stroock was recalled to washington on march 5 for consultations , in protest at the failure of the government of president vinicio cerezo to [have] an upsurge in assassinations widely attributed to right-wing extremists in the army .

Whilst games are not of themselves drama , many do contain important dramatic elements : ritual , role play , narrative , symbolic action and symbolic use of space for example .
whilst games are not of themselves drama , many do [have] important dramatic elements : ritual , role play , narrative , symbolic action and symbolic use of space for example .

All of them contain strong elements of role play , narrative and ritual .
all of them [have] strong elements of role play , narrative and ritual .

The sailor 's personal log might not only record what has happened on the journey so far , it might also speculate about what the crew should do with the merman they 've caught in their nets ; it might contain thoughts about food and the way it is stored on board ship ; it might suggest new ways of storing food .
the sailor 's personal log might not only record what has happened on the journey so far , it might also speculate about what the crew should do with the merman they 've caught in their nets ; it might [have] thoughts about food and the way it is stored on board ship ; it might suggest new ways of storing food .

The letter to a friend left behind after a move could contain thoughts about the way the family have been treated by immigration officials ; the really interesting letter would not just recount memories , but also hint at the dreams and fears , the expectations and terrors of what lies ahead .
the letter to a friend left behind after a move could [have] thoughts about the way the family have been treated by immigration officials ; the really interesting letter would not just recount memories , but also hint at the dreams and fears , the expectations and terrors of what lies ahead .

It is when actions and images begin to become symbolic , or at least contain symbolic resonance , that drama becomes really `` tingly `` — both for teacher and children .
it is when actions and images begin to become symbolic , or at least [have] symbolic resonance , that drama becomes really `` tingly `` — both for teacher and children .

Many teachers begin to find it difficult to contain their drama to occasional one-off sessions in the hall . Drama lends itself to becoming part of topic work because :
many teachers begin to find it difficult to [have] their drama to occasional one-off sessions in the hall . drama lends itself to becoming part of topic work because :

Many of the practical examples given in this book contain reference to work in other curriculum areas .
many of the practical examples given in this book [have] reference to work in other curriculum areas .

Using the device of the `` magic door `` also allows you to contain the world of pretend within the hall if , for example , there are children in the class for whom the drama frequently becomes too real .
using the device of the `` magic door `` also allows you to [have] the world of pretend within the hall if , for example , there are children in the class for whom the drama frequently becomes too real .

My own feeling is that we at least need to start where the children feel most comfortable , and then to introduce elements which are better described as mythic rather than fantastic ; that is , to dramatise or create stories which contain imagery and symbolism which are likely to excite the children , and yet which they can relate to their own lives .
my own feeling is that we at least need to start where the children feel most comfortable , and then to introduce elements which are better described as mythic rather than fantastic ; that is , to dramatise or create stories which [have] imagery and symbolism which are likely to excite the children , and yet which they can relate to their own lives .

Yet it was privately admitted in Washington that American interests might suffer if British and Commonwealth forces ultimately failed to contain the Indonesian threat , and in December 1964 both governments agreed to acknowledge the importance of each other 's military efforts `` in support of legitimate governments in South-East Asia , particularly in Malaysia and South Vietnam `` .
yet it was privately admitted in washington that american interests might suffer if british and commonwealth forces ultimately failed to [have] the indonesian threat , and in december 1964 both governments agreed to acknowledge the importance of each other 's military efforts `` in support of legitimate governments in south-east asia , particularly in malaysia and south vietnam `` .

These tales are obviously no more than legend , but they contain within them some interesting elements .
these tales are obviously no more than legend , but they [have] within them some interesting elements .

The Pactus Legis Salicae in fact did not contain all Salic law .
the pactus legis salicae in fact did not [have] all salic law .

However , since managers can also offer a coupon for the bonds — and hence a yield — which is more or less competitive by taking a higher risk , the overall price must also contain elements of the deviation of the yield from that which would be obtained from other competing intermediaries .
however , since managers can also offer a coupon for the bonds — and hence a yield — which is more or less competitive by taking a higher risk , the overall price must also [have] elements of the deviation of the yield from that which would be obtained from other competing intermediaries .

Firms that remain in commodity type business are under particular pressure to contain their costs , given that success in such markets typically flows to the lowest cost producer .
firms that remain in commodity type business are under particular pressure to [have] their costs , given that success in such markets typically flows to the lowest cost producer .

Some of those which contain Book 1 only , for example the fourteenth-century Vernon and Simeon manuscripts , include it as part of a large collection of medieval texts .
some of those which [have] book 1 only , for example the fourteenth-century vernon and simeon manuscripts , include it as part of a large collection of medieval texts .

Some manuscripts of Scale 1 contain neither the passage on the Holy Name nor the insertions ; some have the Holy Name passage but not the shorter additions ; some have both ; still others have the insertions but not the passage on the Holy Name .
some manuscripts of scale 1 [have] neither the passage on the holy name nor the insertions ; some have the holy name passage but not the shorter additions ; some have both ; still others have the insertions but not the passage on the holy name .

There are a vast variety of natural human languages which contain no word for man other than the tribal name by which the people in question identify themselves .
there are a vast variety of natural human languages which [have] no word for man other than the tribal name by which the people in question identify themselves .

All such variations contain the same general idea : `` we `` , who are true kin , share a common substance through our shared links with the same ancestral past ; but wherever descent is traced through both males and females the distinction between those who are unmarriageable because they rate as true kin and those who are marriageable because they do not so rate becomes very fuzzy .
all such variations [have] the same general idea : `` we `` , who are true kin , share a common substance through our shared links with the same ancestral past ; but wherever descent is traced through both males and females the distinction between those who are unmarriageable because they rate as true kin and those who are marriageable because they do not so rate becomes very fuzzy .

Yet on closer inspection it will be found that they both contain just the same structural components .
yet on closer inspection it will be found that they both [have] just the same structural components .

The constituent units may be of quite different length and they may appear in quite a different order and quite different emphases may be given to particular features of the story , but the corpus as a whole will contain the same set of elements .
the constituent units may be of quite different length and they may appear in quite a different order and quite different emphases may be given to particular features of the story , but the corpus as a whole will [have] the same set of elements .

These would be distributed to suitable respondents to the initial advertisement and would generally contain brief details of the business including financial information but still not reveal the name of the vendor or company for sale .
these would be distributed to suitable respondents to the initial advertisement and would generally [have] brief details of the business including financial information but still not reveal the name of the vendor or company for sale .

This section should contain the latest audited balance sheet together with a commentary on its main features including taxation .
this section should [have] the latest audited balance sheet together with a commentary on its main features including taxation .

The Information memorandum should not contain any business valuation reports , etc .
the information memorandum should not [have] any business valuation reports , etc .

The contract will contain provisions for the parties to co-operate in obtaining necessary consents from third parties .
the contract will [have] provisions for the parties to co-operate in obtaining necessary consents from third parties .

As mentioned above , the agreement is likely to contain a provision that if there is a material breach of warranty discovered before completion , the acquirer can rescind the contract .
as mentioned above , the agreement is likely to [have] a provision that if there is a material breach of warranty discovered before completion , the acquirer can rescind the contract .

The agreement will usually contain provisions requiring the acquirer to notify any events which may give rise to claims as soon as possible and to allow the seller to investigate and perhaps handle any third party claim .
the agreement will usually [have] provisions requiring the acquirer to notify any events which may give rise to claims as soon as possible and to allow the seller to investigate and perhaps handle any third party claim .

The agenda for the preliminary meeting should contain at least the following :
the agenda for the preliminary meeting should [have] at least the following :

Minimum reporting standards require that valuation reports to be issued to clients or to the relevant authorities should normally take the form of a letter which would contain the following :
minimum reporting standards require that valuation reports to be issued to clients or to the relevant authorities should normally take the form of a letter which would [have] the following :

The reverse of this Investment Overview should contain the following wording :
the reverse of this investment overview should [have] the following wording :

It does not contain and should not be treated as constituting any representation in connection with any offer or invitation , nor shall it or any part of it form the basis or be relied upon in any way in connection with any contract relating to any securities .
it does not [have] and should not be treated as constituting any representation in connection with any offer or invitation , nor shall it or any part of it form the basis or be relied upon in any way in connection with any contract relating to any securities .

It does not purport to contain all the information that a prospective purchaser may require .
it does not purport to [have] all the information that a prospective purchaser may require .

The reverse of the Investment Overview should contain the following wording :
the reverse of the investment overview should [have] the following wording :

The Disclosure Letter is likely to contain a great deal of information on which the Purchaser will rely .
the disclosure letter is likely to [have] a great deal of information on which the purchaser will rely .

set out accurately and contain proper provisions or appropriate notes in respect of all assets and liabilities ( whether actual or contingent , quantified or disputed ) of the Business as at the Balance Sheet Date .
set out accurately and [have] proper provisions or appropriate notes in respect of all assets and liabilities ( whether actual or contingent , quantified or disputed ) of the business as at the balance sheet date .

It is unrealistic to expect that accounts can contain ‘ full ’ provisions for the Businesses 's liabilities .
it is unrealistic to expect that accounts can [have] ‘ full ’ provisions for the businesses 's liabilities .

The Vendor can not say whether any contracts contain a provision which ‘ might reasonably be regarded as material for disclose to a purchase of the value of the Business ’ .
the vendor can not say whether any contracts [have] a provision which ‘ might reasonably be regarded as material for disclose to a purchase of the value of the business ’ .

When he could no longer contain the need to relieve himself , he decided against pissing in the doorway .
when he could no longer [have] the need to relieve himself , he decided against pissing in the doorway .

The third was to contain the sect heavies , once they had been overpowered and captured .
the third was to [have] the sect heavies , once they had been overpowered and captured .

Without delay , the fire-fighters gave up the unequal struggle to contain the leaping flames .
without delay , the fire-fighters gave up the unequal struggle to [have] the leaping flames .

To take the barbel in the Hampshire Avon as an example , some Middle Avon fisheries contain a small population of big fish and others like the Severals have quite a number to go for .
to take the barbel in the hampshire avon as an example , some middle avon fisheries [have] a small population of big fish and others like the severals have quite a number to go for .

Both sources have been neglected by researchers , although they survive in large numbers , and contain very valuable evidence bearing on the British Industrial Revolution , its causes , and its effects on the standard of living .
both sources have been neglected by researchers , although they survive in large numbers , and [have] very valuable evidence bearing on the british industrial revolution , its causes , and its effects on the standard of living .

Colliery accounts are a neglected source yet they contain a mass of information on capital investment , costs of production , productivity and profits , with the most detailed of them providing information on individual colliers , output for man/shift , number of days worked , wage rates and earnings .
colliery accounts are a neglected source yet they [have] a mass of information on capital investment , costs of production , productivity and profits , with the most detailed of them providing information on individual colliers , output for man/shift , number of days worked , wage rates and earnings .

There are also data from the Durham Palatinate records held at the University of Durham on prices and wages , material considered of particular importance by Beveridge since the published work of 1939 did not contain this material , being concentrated mainly south of a line from the Bristol Channel to the Humber .
there are also data from the durham palatinate records held at the university of durham on prices and wages , material considered of particular importance by beveridge since the published work of 1939 did not [have] this material , being concentrated mainly south of a line from the bristol channel to the humber .

The research is focused on which factors helped to contain , and which exacerbated violence during police/striker confrontations .
the research is focused on which factors helped to [have] , and which exacerbated violence during police/striker confrontations .

Also , theory shows that an organisation which can not ‘ go bankrupt ’ is liable to contain more ‘ slack ’ than one which can .
also , theory shows that an organisation which can not ‘ go bankrupt ’ is liable to [have] more ‘ slack ’ than one which can .

The Discussion Paper Series is intended to make research results available to economists and policy-makers quickly , so as to encourage discussion of the papers and timely application of the analyses and results they contain .
the discussion paper series is intended to make research results available to economists and policy-makers quickly , so as to encourage discussion of the papers and timely application of the analyses and results they [have] .

The journal will contain non-technical surveys by leading economists of topical policy issues .
the journal will [have] non-technical surveys by leading economists of topical policy issues .

Its final report will contain a statement on the main priorities for future research and recommendations on how such work could be encouraged , for instance , through access to better data sources , extra research funding and closer cooperation with private-sector and voluntary agencies .
its final report will [have] a statement on the main priorities for future research and recommendations on how such work could be encouraged , for instance , through access to better data sources , extra research funding and closer cooperation with private-sector and voluntary agencies .

This apparently clearcut technical job is in reality far more complicated because wastes vary so widely , may change their nature ( and risks ) during their existence , are handled by many different people and firms ; and often ‘ wastes ’ contain valuable goods that may be recovered .
this apparently clearcut technical job is in reality far more complicated because wastes vary so widely , may change their nature ( and risks ) during their existence , are handled by many different people and firms ; and often ‘ wastes ’ [have] valuable goods that may be recovered .

Discourse Model theories assume that language utterances contain instructions for building such models .
discourse model theories assume that language utterances [have] instructions for building such models .

The foreign debt problem in Brazil and the measures taken to contain it have led to a considerable decline in industrial production and employment .
the foreign debt problem in brazil and the measures taken to [have] it have led to a considerable decline in industrial production and employment .

When hearing children first start to read they are able to make use of what they know about words and the sounds they contain .
when hearing children first start to read they are able to make use of what they know about words and the sounds they [have] .

Many of these models date from the 1960s and 1970s and contain a ‘ cold war ’ vision of the world .
many of these models date from the 1960s and 1970s and [have] a ‘ cold war ’ vision of the world .

The file will contain cultural , economic , political and social data from various national sources for the period between the 1960s and 1985 for 18 countries at a level of aggregation equivalent to Eurostat Level 3 , for example , the Departement in France , the county and Metropolitan Borough in Britain , the Fylke in Norway , the Provincia in Italy , and so on .
the file will [have] cultural , economic , political and social data from various national sources for the period between the 1960s and 1985 for 18 countries at a level of aggregation equivalent to eurostat level 3 , for example , the departement in france , the county and metropolitan borough in britain , the fylke in norway , the provincia in italy , and so on .

’ It had n't been irony ; Creston would n't be able to contain himself .
’ it had n't been irony ; creston would n't be able to [have] himself .

Within days the Department was back with ‘ reassurance ’ that the specimen paper was deliberately intended to stretch pupils and that the actual paper would contain easier material .
within days the department was back with ‘ reassurance ’ that the specimen paper was deliberately intended to stretch pupils and that the actual paper would [have] easier material .

So far , it is only clear what the proposals do not contain .
so far , it is only clear what the proposals do not [have] .

Chondrites contain many small globules of olivine , pyroxene and other compounds rich in carbon .
chondrites [have] many small globules of olivine , pyroxene and other compounds rich in carbon .

Therefore , these meteorites are believed to contain clues about the origin of life on Earth .
therefore , these meteorites are believed to [have] clues about the origin of life on earth .

At present north Belfast and Newtownabbey contain less than five per cent of the office space in Greater Belfast : much less than is contained in the small area around the university and less than a quarter of that found in east Belfast .
at present north belfast and newtownabbey [have] less than five per cent of the office space in greater belfast : much less than is contained in the small area around the university and less than a quarter of that found in east belfast .

Elsewhere these small oases often contain such rarities as the Green Winged Orchid and Lady 's Tresses .
elsewhere these small oases often [have] such rarities as the green winged orchid and lady 's tresses .

Perhaps even more important are the forests of Central Africa which contain 50 % of Africa 's elephants and a vast diversity of other animals and plants .
perhaps even more important are the forests of central africa which [have] 50 % of africa 's elephants and a vast diversity of other animals and plants .

Why this should be , why our minds contain such a clutter of half-digested information , of misleading truths and mystifications , is hard to determine .
why this should be , why our minds [have] such a clutter of half-digested information , of misleading truths and mystifications , is hard to determine .

Oily fish like mackerel , salmon , tuna , herrings , anchovy and sardines contain high levels of Omega-3 fatty acids , essential to healthy cell function .
oily fish like mackerel , salmon , tuna , herrings , anchovy and sardines [have] high levels of omega-3 fatty acids , essential to healthy cell function .

Among the new services to be offered by the Library are a Library Bulletin , which will contain notes on significant new accessions , news items , notes on ‘ missing ’ volumes , and focuses on holdings in particular subject fields .
among the new services to be offered by the library are a library bulletin , which will [have] notes on significant new accessions , news items , notes on ‘ missing ’ volumes , and focuses on holdings in particular subject fields .

In terms of their information content , conventional floras contain lists of names of plants , with descriptions and illustrations , and keys for identification .
in terms of their information content , conventional floras [have] lists of names of plants , with descriptions and illustrations , and keys for identification .

Monographs may also contain additional illustrations , and maps showing distributions of individual taxa .
monographs may also [have] additional illustrations , and maps showing distributions of individual taxa .

Thus the 1927 study by Wentworth & Apfel 237 , and the 1931 study by Gross & Woodford 86 , both of which listed the journals most frequently used by American geologists , contain relatively small numbers of journals which still occupy the same high standing in the profession today .
thus the 1927 study by wentworth & apfel 237 , and the 1931 study by gross & woodford 86 , both of which listed the journals most frequently used by american geologists , [have] relatively small numbers of journals which still occupy the same high standing in the profession today .

The pressures to publish in science have led to the publication of series of fragmentary reports on research ( Abelson 1 ) and to the production of new journals to contain such reports , which have been termed the ‘ least publishable units ’ .
the pressures to publish in science have led to the publication of series of fragmentary reports on research ( abelson 1 ) and to the production of new journals to [have] such reports , which have been termed the ‘ least publishable units ’ .

Since all body cells contain the same genes , it might seem surprising that all body cells are n't the same as each other .
since all body cells [have] the same genes , it might seem surprising that all body cells are n't the same as each other .

Yet it is the common experience of most palaeontologists that , just as lithological facies are persistent around the world , so are the fossils which they contain .
yet it is the common experience of most palaeontologists that , just as lithological facies are persistent around the world , so are the fossils which they [have] .

Need to cost all possible settlement options for negotiating year and financial year in order to contain total cost within ability of company to pay .
need to cost all possible settlement options for negotiating year and financial year in order to [have] total cost within ability of company to pay .

The final result is a system which , although it does not contain all the data one would wish , has speed and flexibility .
the final result is a system which , although it does not [have] all the data one would wish , has speed and flexibility .

The Codefile is , in fact , a separate database and therefore can contain much information to be used both in validation and payroll .
the codefile is , in fact , a separate database and therefore can [have] much information to be used both in validation and payroll .

Our galaxy and other galaxies , however , must contain a large amount of `` dark matter `` that we can not see directly , but which we know must be there because of the influence of its gravitational attraction on the orbits of stars in the galaxies .
our galaxy and other galaxies , however , must [have] a large amount of `` dark matter `` that we can not see directly , but which we know must be there because of the influence of its gravitational attraction on the orbits of stars in the galaxies .

Perhaps , of all the models that were roughly like the real universe , only Friedmann 's would contain a big bang singularity .
perhaps , of all the models that were roughly like the real universe , only friedmann 's would [have] a big bang singularity .

Luckily , grand unified theories may provide an explanation of why the universe should now contain more quarks than antiquarks , even if it started out with equal numbers of each .
luckily , grand unified theories may provide an explanation of why the universe should now [have] more quarks than antiquarks , even if it started out with equal numbers of each .

At this temperature protons and neutrons would no longer have sufficient energy to escape the attraction of the strong nuclear force , and would have started to combine together to produce the nuclei of atoms of deuterium ( heavy hydrogen ) , which contain one proton and one neutron .
at this temperature protons and neutrons would no longer have sufficient energy to escape the attraction of the strong nuclear force , and would have started to combine together to produce the nuclei of atoms of deuterium ( heavy hydrogen ) , which [have] one proton and one neutron .

The deuterium nuclei then would have combined with more protons and neutrons to make helium nuclei , which contain two protons and two neutrons , and also small amounts of a couple of heavier elements , lithium and beryllium .
the deuterium nuclei then would have combined with more protons and neutrons to make helium nuclei , which [have] two protons and two neutrons , and also small amounts of a couple of heavier elements , lithium and beryllium .

The laws of science , as we know them at present , contain many fundamental numbers , like the size of the electric charge of the electron and the ratio of the masses of the proton and the electron .
the laws of science , as we know them at present , [have] many fundamental numbers , like the size of the electric charge of the electron and the ratio of the masses of the proton and the electron .

Most sets of values would give rise to universes that , although they might be very beautiful , would contain no one able to wonder at that beauty .
most sets of values would give rise to universes that , although they might be very beautiful , would [have] no one able to wonder at that beauty .

If this is the case , a universe that developed from some sort of random initial conditions should contain a number of regions that are smooth and uniform and are suitable for the evolution of intelligent life .
if this is the case , a universe that developed from some sort of random initial conditions should [have] a number of regions that are smooth and uniform and are suitable for the evolution of intelligent life .

On the other hand , if the initial state of the universe had to be chosen extremely carefully to lead to something like what we see around us , the universe would be unlikely to contain any region in which life would appear .
on the other hand , if the initial state of the universe had to be chosen extremely carefully to lead to something like what we see around us , the universe would be unlikely to [have] any region in which life would appear .

He was possessed by devils , Kate said , and then wept and could not contain herself .
he was possessed by devils , kate said , and then wept and could not [have] herself .

‘ And that gives them the right to try and maul me ? ’ she flared , unable to contain her hurt and anger .
‘ and that gives them the right to try and maul me ? ’ she flared , unable to [have] her hurt and anger .

The house had been a rectory once , large enough and plain enough to contain a rector 's brood .
the house had been a rectory once , large enough and plain enough to [have] a rector 's brood .

If we are to connect the small towns and other settlements which were provided with fortifications with the needs of provincial administration , then they should contain buildings identifiable as either the residences and offices of the local officials , or granaries and stores-buildings for the collection and security of taxes in kind .
if we are to connect the small towns and other settlements which were provided with fortifications with the needs of provincial administration , then they should [have] buildings identifiable as either the residences and offices of the local officials , or granaries and stores-buildings for the collection and security of taxes in kind .

As already noted above , small towns often contain one or two buildings of greater extent and more sophisticated plan than the general run .
as already noted above , small towns often [have] one or two buildings of greater extent and more sophisticated plan than the general run .

These examples at least seem clear ; more often , buildings contain ovens or hearths which suggest bread-making but no other characteristic debris has been recognized .
these examples at least seem clear ; more often , buildings [have] ovens or hearths which suggest bread-making but no other characteristic debris has been recognized .

Only very few other circuits are known to contain turf , and in one case at least , at Cirencester , it was probably inserted as a repair .
only very few other circuits are known to [have] turf , and in one case at least , at cirencester , it was probably inserted as a repair .

It is true that often they do not specify a sum of money and sometimes contain many qualifications .
it is true that often they do not specify a sum of money and sometimes [have] many qualifications .

However , the contract will doubtless contain other terms , some of them expressly agreed between the parties ( e.g .
however , the contract will doubtless [have] other terms , some of them expressly agreed between the parties ( e.g .

In order to be a qualifying law degree , the degree should contain the following six ‘ core ’ subjects : —
in order to be a qualifying law degree , the degree should [have] the following six ‘ core ’ subjects : —

In particular , the Society says that the Advisory Committee 's proposals on training , ‘ fitness and properness , ’ regulation and compliance are seriously flawed , and contain no indemnity and compensation measures at all [ unlike the equivalent structure which was established on the introduction of licensed conveyancers ] .
in particular , the society says that the advisory committee 's proposals on training , ‘ fitness and properness , ’ regulation and compliance are seriously flawed , and [have] no indemnity and compensation measures at all [ unlike the equivalent structure which was established on the introduction of licensed conveyancers ] .

This will contain :
this will [have] :

All shareware disks contain a manual that can be printed , which means you are using the program just as if it were the full priced product .
all shareware disks [have] a manual that can be printed , which means you are using the program just as if it were the full priced product .

The staves can contain up to 80 screens full of bars and smooth scrolling of the screen makes for easy movement around your work , either up and down or side to side .
the staves can [have] up to 80 screens full of bars and smooth scrolling of the screen makes for easy movement around your work , either up and down or side to side .

The whole notebook is saved as a complete file and would typically contain a large spreadsheet broken down into more manageable sections , sets of related data or similarly formatted spreadsheets .
the whole notebook is saved as a complete file and would typically [have] a large spreadsheet broken down into more manageable sections , sets of related data or similarly formatted spreadsheets .

The preliminary step as usual is to label columns for the data they are going to contain .
the preliminary step as usual is to label columns for the data they are going to [have] .

The selection can contain more than just the numbers you wish to sum so you could have in your document Apples 20 ; Pears 25 ; Oranges 36 and having marked the passage you would use the command Ctrl-K-M ( Block math ) and see a message :
the selection can [have] more than just the numbers you wish to sum so you could have in your document apples 20 ; pears 25 ; oranges 36 and having marked the passage you would use the command ctrl-k-m ( block math ) and see a message :

Dressed in a pair of faded old jeans and a warm cotton shirt that strained to contain the body it covered , he was clearly quite at home in his role as chef , and for a moment she watched , strangely drawn by the sight of him in this unexpected setting .
dressed in a pair of faded old jeans and a warm cotton shirt that strained to [have] the body it covered , he was clearly quite at home in his role as chef , and for a moment she watched , strangely drawn by the sight of him in this unexpected setting .

‘ How do you manage to contain two such totally different women inside one body ? ’
‘ how do you manage to [have] two such totally different women inside one body ? ’

If the world did n't contain those beautiful creatures , he 'd decided , it was n't half the world it ought to be .
if the world did n't [have] those beautiful creatures , he 'd decided , it was n't half the world it ought to be .

She was trembling , aflame with a happiness so great she thought she could never contain it as Rune discarded his own clothes with such rapidity and lack of care that two shirt buttons fell unheeded on to the carpet .
she was trembling , aflame with a happiness so great she thought she could never [have] it as rune discarded his own clothes with such rapidity and lack of care that two shirt buttons fell unheeded on to the carpet .

The small painting of ‘ Child with a Rattle ’ ( 1611 ) attributed to Paul Van Somer is an icon of the child as power and property , as the garments he wears control and contain his figure .
the small painting of ‘ child with a rattle ’ ( 1611 ) attributed to paul van somer is an icon of the child as power and property , as the garments he wears control and [have] his figure .

( What should a legend contain ? Should it be of happiness or of sorrow ? Or should it permit them to be in — that word again — dispute ? )
( what should a legend [have] ? should it be of happiness or of sorrow ? or should it permit them to be in — that word again — dispute ? )

Prisons , particularly long-term high-security prisons , are not made easier to manage if they contain prisoners passionately proclaiming their innocence and who fellow prisoners and staff believe to be innocent .
prisons , particularly long-term high-security prisons , are not made easier to manage if they [have] prisoners passionately proclaiming their innocence and who fellow prisoners and staff believe to be innocent .

Milk and single cream contain too little fat to be whipped ; whipping cream contains just enough ( c. 30 % ) but needs the vigorous beating of a power whisk ; double cream contains a lot of fat ( c. 40 % ) and is easily whipped by hand .
milk and single cream [have] too little fat to be whipped ; whipping cream contains just enough ( c. 30 % ) but needs the vigorous beating of a power whisk ; double cream contains a lot of fat ( c. 40 % ) and is easily whipped by hand .

He explained how aphrodisiac truffles , the sweat of humans and that of boars contain the same pheromenal odorant , which is actually a steroid .
he explained how aphrodisiac truffles , the sweat of humans and that of boars [have] the same pheromenal odorant , which is actually a steroid .

The heading does not usually contain numbers , abbreviations or measurements .
the heading does not usually [have] numbers , abbreviations or measurements .

Articles have fewer than 50 references and may contain a few short subheadings .
articles have fewer than 50 references and may [have] a few short subheadings .

Letters do not have subheadings and should contain fewer than 30 references .
letters do not have subheadings and should [have] fewer than 30 references .

Titles should contain one or two key words for indexing purposes .
titles should [have] one or two key words for indexing purposes .

Both groups are able to show a clear effect of gene dosage ; that is , cells from heterozygous mice which contain only copy of the p53 gene are slightly more resistant to radiation-induced apoptosis than are homozygous normal mice with two copies ( which are highly sensitive ) , while the homozygous null mice with no active copies are highly resistant .
both groups are able to show a clear effect of gene dosage ; that is , cells from heterozygous mice which [have] only copy of the p53 gene are slightly more resistant to radiation-induced apoptosis than are homozygous normal mice with two copies ( which are highly sensitive ) , while the homozygous null mice with no active copies are highly resistant .

But these two books do not contain new scientific or technical information or add anything to existing knowledge of the environment and medical consequences of Chernobyl .
but these two books do not [have] new scientific or technical information or add anything to existing knowledge of the environment and medical consequences of chernobyl .

Use can be made of the Flory-Huggins theory to predict the equilibrium behaviour of two liquid phases when both contain amorphous polymer and one or even two solvents .
use can be made of the flory-huggins theory to predict the equilibrium behaviour of two liquid phases when both [have] amorphous polymer and one or even two solvents .

Polymers are never perfectly crystalline , but contain disordered regions and crystallites of varying size .
polymers are never perfectly crystalline , but [have] disordered regions and crystallites of varying size .

Stephen Kunz , Technical Manager at Douglas Reyburn , has developed a new and unique method of dyeing yarns that contain many different colours .
stephen kunz , technical manager at douglas reyburn , has developed a new and unique method of dyeing yarns that [have] many different colours .

The classes contain approximately equal numbers of members .
the classes [have] approximately equal numbers of members .

They walked towards the village while he struggled to contain and enjoy his feelings .
they walked towards the village while he struggled to [have] and enjoy his feelings .

Company financial policy will contain guidelines for doing this , based on past experience .
company financial policy will [have] guidelines for doing this , based on past experience .

The inverted commas are used to emphasize that such statements contain estimates and personal decisions that are sometimes arbitrary and refer to specific accounting periods which may not be representative of the operational situation .
the inverted commas are used to emphasize that such statements [have] estimates and personal decisions that are sometimes arbitrary and refer to specific accounting periods which may not be representative of the operational situation .

This had been identified by the Allies as an Iraqi command and control centre , but in the event it proved to contain civilians , 300 of whom were reported killed .
this had been identified by the allies as an iraqi command and control centre , but in the event it proved to [have] civilians , 300 of whom were reported killed .

Complete dry dog foods are complete in that they contain all the nutrients essential for a dogs good health and are balanced in that these nutrients are in correct proportions to each other .
complete dry dog foods are complete in that they [have] all the nutrients essential for a dogs good health and are balanced in that these nutrients are in correct proportions to each other .

High pitched roofs contain the typical ornamental dormers .
high pitched roofs [have] the typical ornamental dormers .

Both Oxford and Cambridge Universities contain fine work from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .
both oxford and cambridge universities [have] fine work from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .

The transepts are Romanesque and contain fine , round-arched arcading on the walls of triforium and clerestory .
the transepts are romanesque and [have] fine , round-arched arcading on the walls of triforium and clerestory .

They also contain problems .
they also [have] problems .

This is often expressed as the fact that relations must not contain repeating groups .
this is often expressed as the fact that relations must not [have] repeating groups .

The option list can contain < or > ( for less than or greater than ) as well as = ( for equal to ) .
the option list can [have] < or > ( for less than or greater than ) as well as = ( for equal to ) .

An object may contain any type of data : text , sound , photographs and video , and multi-media systems ( Section 11.9 ) may be based on objects .
an object may [have] any type of data : text , sound , photographs and video , and multi-media systems ( section 11.9 ) may be based on objects .

This will contain the key alongside a pointer , which is a field used to identify the location or address where the data is stored .
this will [have] the key alongside a pointer , which is a field used to identify the location or address where the data is stored .

Leaf nodes contain data pointers and index nodes contain pointers down the tree .
leaf nodes [have] data pointers and index nodes [have] pointers down the tree .

As Date points out , this is a simplified version of a B-tree , because the nodes of a B-tree need not contain the same number of data values and they normally contain free space .
as date points out , this is a simplified version of a b-tree , because the nodes of a b-tree need not [have] the same number of data values and they normally [have] free space .

The various records are likely to contain more data .
the various records are likely to [have] more data .

The lecturer records might contain the age , qualifications , years of experience , salary , and so on .
the lecturer records might [have] the age , qualifications , years of experience , salary , and so on .

They are large and numerous and they contain islands that contain lakes that contain islands until the tatters of the coastline fray into the cold northern sea .
they are large and numerous and they [have] islands that [have] lakes that [have] islands until the tatters of the coastline fray into the cold northern sea .

Household inventories contain some clues but as a source are seriously limited by their accidental survival and their social unrepresentativeness .
household inventories [have] some clues but as a source are seriously limited by their accidental survival and their social unrepresentativeness .

It need contain no more than a sideboard , table and chairs and can be decorated in its own individual way .
it need [have] no more than a sideboard , table and chairs and can be decorated in its own individual way .

Araminta 's face screwed into a mask of rage and she breathed deeply , as if she could barely contain herself .
araminta 's face screwed into a mask of rage and she breathed deeply , as if she could barely [have] herself .

Theda had perforce to let go , for she could not contain the hair now it had sprung in so disorderly a way from its moorings .
theda had perforce to let go , for she could not [have] the hair now it had sprung in so disorderly a way from its moorings .

Theda smouldered , trying to contain her anger .
theda smouldered , trying to [have] her anger .

But now , with her fires so stoked that she could no longer contain them , her messages were confused .
but now , with her fires so stoked that she could no longer [have] them , her messages were confused .

Female first names tended to be longer than males , in terms of the number of syllables they contain .
female first names tended to be longer than males , in terms of the number of syllables they [have] .

Since older samples of growing grass will contain senescent material it was felt to be worthwhile measuring the samples at various times after cutting and even after artificial drying .
since older samples of growing grass will [have] senescent material it was felt to be worthwhile measuring the samples at various times after cutting and even after artificial drying .

However the readings contain some measurements with the card in the top half , some in the bottom half and some where the card crosses the central strip .
however the readings [have] some measurements with the card in the top half , some in the bottom half and some where the card crosses the central strip .

This procedure takes a new snapshot and does pixel counts for various subareas such as a narrow strips at the edge of the region of the reference area which is supposed to contain the reference card .
this procedure takes a new snapshot and does pixel counts for various subareas such as a narrow strips at the edge of the region of the reference area which is supposed to [have] the reference card .

The blackout level is found by viewing an area known to contain light material , the whiteout level by viewing background .
the blackout level is found by viewing an area known to [have] light material , the whiteout level by viewing background .

Since ‘ real world ’ applications require the lexicon to contain entries for tens of thousands of words it is also necessary to consider how large the available lexicon is , the format of the entries and how much effort would be required to create new entries .
since ‘ real world ’ applications require the lexicon to [have] entries for tens of thousands of words it is also necessary to consider how large the available lexicon is , the format of the entries and how much effort would be required to create new entries .

For example the early machine translation systems tended to contain the grammar intrinsically within the program .
for example the early machine translation systems tended to [have] the grammar intrinsically within the program .

Unlike the test sentences above , recognition input can contain many alternative words for each one written .
unlike the test sentences above , recognition input can [have] many alternative words for each one written .

If one considers that a practical vocabulary size will contain thousands of words then even with this assumptions the number of estimates required can become astronomical ( e.g .
if one considers that a practical vocabulary size will [have] thousands of words then even with this assumptions the number of estimates required can become astronomical ( e.g .

Tagged corpora contain not only the raw text , but also the grammatical category of each of the words .
tagged corpora [have] not only the raw text , but also the grammatical category of each of the words .

Analysed corpora contain not only the tags of each of the words but also a syntactic analysis of each extract .
analysed corpora [have] not only the tags of each of the words but also a syntactic analysis of each extract .

Hence the definition of wept will contain the brief description that it is the past tense of weep thereby informing the reader where to seek further information .
hence the definition of wept will [have] the brief description that it is the past tense of weep thereby informing the reader where to seek further information .

Dictionaries contain many non-ASCII characters such as phonetic and mathematical symbols ( e.g .
dictionaries [have] many non-ascii characters such as phonetic and mathematical symbols ( e.g .

Both the Text710 and the corpus contain information about words and their grammatical tags .
both the text710 and the corpus [have] information about words and their grammatical tags .

For the probabilistic syntax system compounds are troublesome since the window may not contain all of the compound .
for the probabilistic syntax system compounds are troublesome since the window may not [have] all of the compound .

‘ No … ’ She fought to contain the nausea his words recalled .
‘ no … ’ she fought to [have] the nausea his words recalled .

They lay there , their bodies not quite touching , Kate fighting hard to contain the feelings that seemed to be once more racing out of control .
they lay there , their bodies not quite touching , kate fighting hard to [have] the feelings that seemed to be once more racing out of control .

Her eyes blazed back at him as she fought to contain her inner excitement . ‘ Ace , can you get me copies of the print-outs ? ’
her eyes blazed back at him as she fought to [have] her inner excitement . ‘ ace , can you get me copies of the print-outs ? ’

‘ Our noble king , ’ he began , ‘ now wishes to contain the power of France .
‘ our noble king , ’ he began , ‘ now wishes to [have] the power of france .

‘ We also know , ’ Benjamin continued , breathing deeply to contain his anger , ‘ that on the Wednesday after Falconer was killed , Abbe Gerard from the nearby village also died in mysterious circumstances . Tell me , ’ he continued , ‘ did anyone from Maubisson send Abbe Gerard gifts for Easter ? ’
‘ we also know , ’ benjamin continued , breathing deeply to [have] his anger , ‘ that on the wednesday after falconer was killed , abbe gerard from the nearby village also died in mysterious circumstances . tell me , ’ he continued , ‘ did anyone from maubisson send abbe gerard gifts for easter ? ’

With each of is lost a distinctive system of concepts , a system for encoding and encapsulating experience , and a literature of songs and stories that probably contain elements that go back for thousands of years .
with each of is lost a distinctive system of concepts , a system for encoding and encapsulating experience , and a literature of songs and stories that probably [have] elements that go back for thousands of years .

Although 34 medicinal soaps and creams which contain bleaching agents such as mercury compounds have been banned , they are still popular .
although 34 medicinal soaps and creams which [have] bleaching agents such as mercury compounds have been banned , they are still popular .

These bleaching creams usually contain hydroquinone , a photographic chemical which peels off the natural top layer of the skin , exposing the body to harmful radiation .
these bleaching creams usually [have] hydroquinone , a photographic chemical which peels off the natural top layer of the skin , exposing the body to harmful radiation .

The Zambian government has banned the sale of unpasteurized milk direct from farmers to consumers because it may contain high concentrations of the pesticide dieldrin .
the zambian government has banned the sale of unpasteurized milk direct from farmers to consumers because it may [have] high concentrations of the pesticide dieldrin .

Recent research suggests that apples — along with some other fruit — contain ellagic acid , which may help us fight off skin and lung cancer .
recent research suggests that apples — along with some other fruit — [have] ellagic acid , which may help us fight off skin and lung cancer .

Apples it now seems — along with some other fruit — contain a substance which may help us fight off skin cancer caused by ozone depletion and lung cancer caused by tobacco smoke .
apples it now seems — along with some other fruit — [have] a substance which may help us fight off skin cancer caused by ozone depletion and lung cancer caused by tobacco smoke .

they contain no ozone-damaging propellants
they [have] no ozone-damaging propellants

c Some washing powders are pure soap flakes and therefore do not contain bleach .
c some washing powders are pure soap flakes and therefore do not [have] bleach .

The environment-friendly bleaches now on sale are better than ordinary bleaches since they contain no chlorine — but the substitute , hydrogen peroxide , may still be harmful .
the environment-friendly bleaches now on sale are better than ordinary bleaches since they [have] no chlorine — but the substitute , hydrogen peroxide , may still be harmful .

It encourages the conditions for crime in communities that already feel more impact from crime because they contain more victims of crime , as well as more offenders .
it encourages the conditions for crime in communities that already feel more impact from crime because they [have] more victims of crime , as well as more offenders .

Magistrates and others who have called for more secure places want them to be used to contain the activities of young offenders who are not currently kept in prison accommodation , like so-called joyriders and repetitive burglars .
magistrates and others who have called for more secure places want them to be used to [have] the activities of young offenders who are not currently kept in prison accommodation , like so-called joyriders and repetitive burglars .

Indeed , they contain the seed of a massive oak tree of nonsense .
indeed , they [have] the seed of a massive oak tree of nonsense .

There are many cheaper and constructive ways to contain young offenders , but they ware not being funded by the Government .
there are many cheaper and constructive ways to [have] young offenders , but they ware not being funded by the government .

The proposals are significant not for what they do but for what they omit . If the purpose of the statement is , as the Secretary of State says , to protect individuals against the abuse of industrial power , why does it contain scores of rights exercisable against trade unions , but not a single right to a British employee , male or female , exercisable for fair treatment by the employer at the workplace ?
the proposals are significant not for what they do but for what they omit . if the purpose of the statement is , as the secretary of state says , to protect individuals against the abuse of industrial power , why does it [have] scores of rights exercisable against trade unions , but not a single right to a british employee , male or female , exercisable for fair treatment by the employer at the workplace ?

( 2 ) The statement of accounts shall comply with any directions given by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury as to — ( a ) the information to be contained in it ; ( b ) the manner in which the information contained in it is to be presented ; or ( c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall contain such additional information as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury require to be provided for the information of Parliament .
( 2 ) the statement of accounts shall comply with any directions given by the secretary of state with the approval of the treasury as to — ( a ) the information to be contained in it ; ( b ) the manner in which the information contained in it is to be presented ; or ( c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall [have] such additional information as the secretary of state may with the approval of the treasury require to be provided for the information of parliament .

An order made under section Scottish Further Education Funding Council of this Act may contain such additional provisions — ( a ) relating to the membership , staff and proceedings of the Funding Council ( including any committee of them ) ; ( b ) relating to salaries , pensions , allowances and any other payments to be paid to members of the Funding Council ( including any such committee ) and to staff ; and ( c ) as to the winding-up and dissolution of the Funding Council , as the Secretary of State may consider necessary or expedient .
an order made under section scottish further education funding council of this act may [have] such additional provisions — ( a ) relating to the membership , staff and proceedings of the funding council ( including any committee of them ) ; ( b ) relating to salaries , pensions , allowances and any other payments to be paid to members of the funding council ( including any such committee ) and to staff ; and ( c ) as to the winding-up and dissolution of the funding council , as the secretary of state may consider necessary or expedient .

c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall contain such additional information as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury require to be provided for the information of Parliament .
c ) the methods and principles according to which the statement is to be prepared , and shall [have] such additional information as the secretary of state may with the approval of the treasury require to be provided for the information of parliament .

Was he right then when he told the people of Scotland , ’ Do n't vote for the proposals of the Labour party because they do not contain any responsibility for raising revenue .
was he right then when he told the people of scotland , ’ do n't vote for the proposals of the labour party because they do not [have] any responsibility for raising revenue .

‘ But … what will happen to Handley Farm ? ’ Seb could contain the burning question no longer . ‘ What about me ? ’
‘ but … what will happen to handley farm ? ’ seb could [have] the burning question no longer . ‘ what about me ? ’

This system constitutes an attempt to contain the growing road traffic problem in and around Birmingham .
this system constitutes an attempt to [have] the growing road traffic problem in and around birmingham .

Evidence suggests that new road building is not the answer as a new road rapidly fills up with cars , which often contain only one person .
evidence suggests that new road building is not the answer as a new road rapidly fills up with cars , which often [have] only one person .

In fact , the social action programme does not contain proposals related to low pay , as the hon .
in fact , the social action programme does not [have] proposals related to low pay , as the hon .

Does the Minister agree that the next time one of these offenders comes before the courts for sentencing , if the sentence does not contain a deterrent element , bearing in mind the increase in this type of crime , it would be wise for the Home Office to seek the guidance of the Attorney-General so that the sentence can be referred to the Court of Appeal , which could then lay down a guideline sentence for this type of crime which contains a deterrent element ?
does the minister agree that the next time one of these offenders comes before the courts for sentencing , if the sentence does not [have] a deterrent element , bearing in mind the increase in this type of crime , it would be wise for the home office to seek the guidance of the attorney-general so that the sentence can be referred to the court of appeal , which could then lay down a guideline sentence for this type of crime which contains a deterrent element ?

Under the Electricity Act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . Will my hon. Friend discuss with the Office of Electricity Regulation the complaints of the Combined Heat and Power Association that existing regulations contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?
under the electricity act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . will my hon. friend discuss with the office of electricity regulation the complaints of the combined heat and power association that existing regulations [have] barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?

Against that appalling background , why did yesterday 's Budget contain nothing to help investment in manufacturing industry ?
against that appalling background , why did yesterday 's budget [have] nothing to help investment in manufacturing industry ?

The Atomic Energy Authority 's current reprocessing contracts for overseas spent fuel contain return-of-waste options and we fully intend that those will be exercised and wastes returned .
the atomic energy authority 's current reprocessing contracts for overseas spent fuel [have] return-of-waste options and we fully intend that those will be exercised and wastes returned .

The independent teams and Her Majesty 's inspectorate will contain some people who are not members of the teaching profession .
the independent teams and her majesty 's inspectorate will [have] some people who are not members of the teaching profession .

Those local authorities contain the number of Labour members that serve on them due to the choice of the electorate .
those local authorities [have] the number of labour members that serve on them due to the choice of the electorate .

In modern appellation both terms , Interregnum and rebellion , are employed to contain the period 's effect , to suggest it was an aberration , rectified with the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 when the ‘ normal ’ pattern of English historical evolution was also restored .
in modern appellation both terms , interregnum and rebellion , are employed to [have] the period 's effect , to suggest it was an aberration , rectified with the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 when the ‘ normal ’ pattern of english historical evolution was also restored .

The sonnet registers forcibly its linguistic uncertainty , rendering its own meaning unstable , and interestingly also de-centring the external conventions which attempt to contain it .
the sonnet registers forcibly its linguistic uncertainty , rendering its own meaning unstable , and interestingly also de-centring the external conventions which attempt to [have] it .

The sonnet which apparently seeks to contain the truth of the youth 's beauty so as to gain power and control over it , exposes that it destroys and banishes the youth 's beauty .
the sonnet which apparently seeks to [have] the truth of the youth 's beauty so as to gain power and control over it , exposes that it destroys and banishes the youth 's beauty .

The anthropologist 's task , therefore , is to gain access to societies through means which contain these societies ' own interpretations about themselves .
the anthropologist 's task , therefore , is to gain access to societies through means which [have] these societies ' own interpretations about themselves .

By ‘ placing ’ exorcism in such a zone , state institutions ( which Greenblatt equates with Harsnett 's text ) can attempt to contain what is potentially disruptive to the state ; eliminating , in this case , charismatic religious groups as a potential threat to the established Church .
by ‘ placing ’ exorcism in such a zone , state institutions ( which greenblatt equates with harsnett 's text ) can attempt to [have] what is potentially disruptive to the state ; eliminating , in this case , charismatic religious groups as a potential threat to the established church .

The play exposes the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left exposed to a released and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can contain .
the play exposes the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left exposed to a released and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can [have] .

As the experience of most of his knights throughout the poem reveals , they contain within themselves the opposite of their virtue and only through ordered self-control can they turn their powers to good .
as the experience of most of his knights throughout the poem reveals , they [have] within themselves the opposite of their virtue and only through ordered self-control can they turn their powers to good .

The apparent failure of the English to contain the Irish reveals a great deal of weakness about the English in Spenser 's eyes .
the apparent failure of the english to [have] the irish reveals a great deal of weakness about the english in spenser 's eyes .

Here desires to construct a version of the play that best reflects Christopher Marlowe is decidedly the result of continuities and exclusions recognised ( and desired ) by editors anxious to contain the play , to create a singular text where more than one exists .
here desires to construct a version of the play that best reflects christopher marlowe is decidedly the result of continuities and exclusions recognised ( and desired ) by editors anxious to [have] the play , to create a singular text where more than one exists .

To make commercial sense of this arrangement , the contract would also need to contain a provision placing a duty on the seller to account to the buyer for any amount by which the proceeds of sub-sales of unmixed goods exceed the amount of the buyer 's indebtedness to the seller .
to make commercial sense of this arrangement , the contract would also need to [have] a provision placing a duty on the seller to account to the buyer for any amount by which the proceeds of sub-sales of unmixed goods exceed the amount of the buyer 's indebtedness to the seller .

Texts contain simple sentences , like ‘ John likes the dog ’ , and complex sentences , like ‘ This is the dog that John likes ’ .
texts [have] simple sentences , like ‘ john likes the dog ’ , and complex sentences , like ‘ this is the dog that john likes ’ .

Kits are sold these days which contain the trap and also the lengths of pipes you need for fitting wastes to basins , baths , sinks , washing machines , etc .
kits are sold these days which [have] the trap and also the lengths of pipes you need for fitting wastes to basins , baths , sinks , washing machines , etc .

Mattresses have been driven out and dumped in fields , sticks of broken furniture poke out of ditches and broken-backed fences contain nothing .
mattresses have been driven out and dumped in fields , sticks of broken furniture poke out of ditches and broken-backed fences [have] nothing .

around the fire to contain it
around the fire to [have] it

Nevertheless , some classes contain tables which may be used to extend the classes shown in the main schedules .
nevertheless , some classes [have] tables which may be used to extend the classes shown in the main schedules .

Complex subjects , like multi-word terms , may require labels which contain many words .
complex subjects , like multi-word terms , may require labels which [have] many words .

The distinction between complex subjects and multi-word terms is that the former contain more than one unit concept .
the distinction between complex subjects and multi-word terms is that the former [have] more than one unit concept .

Thesauri are likely to contain terms that are more specific than those found in subject headings lists .
thesauri are likely to [have] terms that are more specific than those found in subject headings lists .

Dictionary catalogues usually contain ‘ see ’ and ‘ see also ’ instructions linking related headings .
dictionary catalogues usually [have] ‘ see ’ and ‘ see also ’ instructions linking related headings .

’ Maria could n't contain her anguished resentment .
’ maria could n't [have] her anguished resentment .

The envelope did not contain a letter .
the envelope did not [have] a letter .

The darkness that had possessed her at once scattered into light , and the joy that replaced it was too powerful to contain .
the darkness that had possessed her at once scattered into light , and the joy that replaced it was too powerful to [have] .

’ Her head resting on her knees , she tried to contain the pain that was clenching her stomach muscles into a tight knot .
’ her head resting on her knees , she tried to [have] the pain that was clenching her stomach muscles into a tight knot .

, any quantitative index we use to measure the response is likely to be a crude indicator of the magnitude of the true underlying expectation and is likely to contain measurement errors .
, any quantitative index we use to measure the response is likely to be a crude indicator of the magnitude of the true underlying expectation and is likely to [have] measurement errors .

Therefore the rational expectations hypothesis suggests a valid method of incorporating additional information when estimating macroeconomic models which contain expectation terms .
therefore the rational expectations hypothesis suggests a valid method of incorporating additional information when estimating macroeconomic models which [have] expectation terms .

And as for the Ark of Moses , this was the sacred chest fashioned at the foot of Mount Sinai to contain the sacred tablets of stone .
and as for the ark of moses , this was the sacred chest fashioned at the foot of mount sinai to [have] the sacred tablets of stone .

Electronic spectra often contain information about the vibration frequencies of both the lower and the upper electronic states of the species involved , as described in Chapter 6 .
electronic spectra often [have] information about the vibration frequencies of both the lower and the upper electronic states of the species involved , as described in chapter 6 .

The spectra of solid samples often contain more bands than expected on the basis of the molecular symmetry of single , isolated molecules .
the spectra of solid samples often [have] more bands than expected on the basis of the molecular symmetry of single , isolated molecules .

Thus intravalence excitation and valence-electron ionization transitions contain information characteristic of molecules , whereas core-electron ionizations relate to the atoms making up the molecules .
thus intravalence excitation and valence-electron ionization transitions [have] information characteristic of molecules , whereas core-electron ionizations relate to the atoms making up the molecules .

Oh , Lord , he thought , what does it contain ? Ranulf was harmless but the potion could be dangerous .
oh , lord , he thought , what does it [have] ? ranulf was harmless but the potion could be dangerous .

In logic when you have a problem , the very words of the puzzle contain the answer .
in logic when you have a problem , the very words of the puzzle [have] the answer .

Deliberately , she chattered and laughed , not trying to contain her excitement .
deliberately , she chattered and laughed , not trying to [have] her excitement .

Sands derived from beaches , estuaries or the sea bed may contain quantities of salt within their interstitial waters .
sands derived from beaches , estuaries or the sea bed may [have] quantities of salt within their interstitial waters .

Since many sediments contain mixtures of gravels , sands and finer particles the dry sieving technique may be appropriate for examination of only part of the whole assemblage of particles .
since many sediments [have] mixtures of gravels , sands and finer particles the dry sieving technique may be appropriate for examination of only part of the whole assemblage of particles .

In practice natural sediments are rarely composed of spherical grains , and most contain assemblages of many shapes .
in practice natural sediments are rarely composed of spherical grains , and most [have] assemblages of many shapes .

As both contain the same quantity of dispersant the difference represents the weight within the size interval concerned .
as both [have] the same quantity of dispersant the difference represents the weight within the size interval concerned .

Quartz grains may also contain trails of inclusions , commonly fluid or gas filled .
quartz grains may also [have] trails of inclusions , commonly fluid or gas filled .

Quartz grains may also contain solid inclusions , the mineralogy of which may give evidence of provenance ( e.g .
quartz grains may also [have] solid inclusions , the mineralogy of which may give evidence of provenance ( e.g .

Overgrowth cements on feldspars and carbonate echinoderm fragments are similar to quartz overgrowth cements in that they contain few or no inclusions or are commonly in optical continuity with the parent grain ( Fig .
overgrowth cements on feldspars and carbonate echinoderm fragments are similar to quartz overgrowth cements in that they [have] few or no inclusions or are commonly in optical continuity with the parent grain ( fig .

Echinoderm grains contain a regular pattern of internal pores which contrast with the surrounding , inclusion-free overgrowth cements ( e.g .
echinoderm grains [have] a regular pattern of internal pores which contrast with the surrounding , inclusion-free overgrowth cements ( e.g .

The echinoderm grains may also contain small solid inclusions of dolomite , euhedral or subhedral , the microdolomites of Meyers & lohmann ( 1978 ) , which result from the alteration of the original high Mg calcite skeleton to low Mg calcite and dolomite .
the echinoderm grains may also [have] small solid inclusions of dolomite , euhedral or subhedral , the microdolomites of meyers & lohmann ( 1978 ) , which result from the alteration of the original high mg calcite skeleton to low mg calcite and dolomite .

Most individual replacive minerals have euhedral , planar crystallographic faces although they may contain inclusions , remnants of their precursor phases ( e.g .
most individual replacive minerals have euhedral , planar crystallographic faces although they may [have] inclusions , remnants of their precursor phases ( e.g .

Many accessory minerals of clastic rocks contain at least traces of rare earth or transition metal impurities and are therefore liable to luminesce .
many accessory minerals of clastic rocks [have] at least traces of rare earth or transition metal impurities and are therefore liable to luminesce .

In these circumstances almost every eighteenth-century army was likely to contain a large element of ne'er-do-wells , social misfits and even criminals .
in these circumstances almost every eighteenth-century army was likely to [have] a large element of ne'er-do-wells , social misfits and even criminals .

The crests of the waves emitted by the source can be regarded as the ticks of an atomic clock , and if the rate of ticking v increases , the same time interval t would contain more ticks .
the crests of the waves emitted by the source can be regarded as the ticks of an atomic clock , and if the rate of ticking v increases , the same time interval t would [have] more ticks .

With luck , it would contain enough information to trace its owner .
with luck , it would [have] enough information to trace its owner .

But she could see it all the same , in the tremors that shook the broad plain of his chest as he struggled to contain his fury .
but she could see it all the same , in the tremors that shook the broad plain of his chest as he struggled to [have] his fury .

Eliot 's writings on poetry do not contain a systematic theory , but on two matters of principle he adopted a stance strongly opposed to that of Richards : he refused to accept either that poetry consisted in the use of emotive language , or that it was simply a vehicle for communicating the author 's experience to the reader .
eliot 's writings on poetry do not [have] a systematic theory , but on two matters of principle he adopted a stance strongly opposed to that of richards : he refused to accept either that poetry consisted in the use of emotive language , or that it was simply a vehicle for communicating the author 's experience to the reader .

All the following problems contain assumptions , some explicit and some implicit , about the society from which they ( or in some cases their enemies ) come .
all the following problems [have] assumptions , some explicit and some implicit , about the society from which they ( or in some cases their enemies ) come .

‘ This area used to contain big havelis , ’ explained Pakeezah .
‘ this area used to [have] big havelis , ’ explained pakeezah .

The old man was a cracked leather bottle trying to contain quicksilver .
the old man was a cracked leather bottle trying to [have] quicksilver .

Especially if the contemporary texts in the ‘ literary diet ’ on offer similarly contain such assumptions .
especially if the contemporary texts in the ‘ literary diet ’ on offer similarly [have] such assumptions .

Lack of experience , along with the logical structures that contain it , are considered more responsible for failure in response than any lack of cognitive capacity , and the need to develop strategies designed to extend involvement is seen as a necessary way forward .
lack of experience , along with the logical structures that [have] it , are considered more responsible for failure in response than any lack of cognitive capacity , and the need to develop strategies designed to extend involvement is seen as a necessary way forward .

The areas beyond these terminal reaves contain burial and religious monuments which in some cases must be earlier ; so perhaps some respect of older features is implied , an aspect which can be seen elsewhere where barrows and barrow cemeteries seem to have been avoided rather than ignored when the later fields were laid out .
the areas beyond these terminal reaves [have] burial and religious monuments which in some cases must be earlier ; so perhaps some respect of older features is implied , an aspect which can be seen elsewhere where barrows and barrow cemeteries seem to have been avoided rather than ignored when the later fields were laid out .

Stomach medicines would not contain sufficient belladonna , if belladonna it was .
stomach medicines would not [have] sufficient belladonna , if belladonna it was .

The Underdeveloped countries of the world contain over two thirds of the world 's population .
the underdeveloped countries of the world [have] over two thirds of the world 's population .

They would look after the wounded and use their still-room skills to try to contain the multitude of diseases such as consumption and fevers , that would follow a travelling army .
they would look after the wounded and use their still-room skills to try to [have] the multitude of diseases such as consumption and fevers , that would follow a travelling army .

Hitler could barely contain his irritation at the audacity of Franco 's claims and the pomposity of his discourse , but did not lose his temper .
hitler could barely [have] his irritation at the audacity of franco 's claims and the pomposity of his discourse , but did not lose his temper .

The Catalogue will , therefore , contain module descriptors , some of which will have identifier first digit 6 and others identifier first digit 7 .
the catalogue will , therefore , [have] module descriptors , some of which will have identifier first digit 6 and others identifier first digit 7 .

Module Descriptors contain the following information and advice :
module descriptors [have] the following information and advice :

SVQs contain the competences required to carry out particular job functions .
svqs [have] the competences required to carry out particular job functions .

Conventional armaments contain such types as : land based military forces ( ie soldiers and tanks ) ; sea forces ( destroyers , frigates etc .
conventional armaments [have] such types as : land based military forces ( ie soldiers and tanks ) ; sea forces ( destroyers , frigates etc .

‘ Unconventional ’ forces contain such elements as nuclear weapons ( probably the greatest source of military controversy ) ; guerilla forces and mercenaries , and a different kind of land based force ; a territorial army containing ordinary people , citizens enlisting in their own force , and of their own free will .
‘ unconventional ’ forces [have] such elements as nuclear weapons ( probably the greatest source of military controversy ) ; guerilla forces and mercenaries , and a different kind of land based force ; a territorial army containing ordinary people , citizens enlisting in their own force , and of their own free will .

They contain background information to help engineers and all interested parties to gain a fuller understanding of the Code and how it can be implemented .
they [have] background information to help engineers and all interested parties to gain a fuller understanding of the code and how it can be implemented .

The Bibliography includes a list of relevant publications from individual Institutions and organisations which contain a more detailed treatment of the subject .
the bibliography includes a list of relevant publications from individual institutions and organisations which [have] a more detailed treatment of the subject .

i ) Films of risky junctions tend to contain a great deal of information related to risk .
i ) films of risky junctions tend to [have] a great deal of information related to risk .

ii ) Films of non-risky junctions tend to contain relatively little information related to risk .
ii ) films of non-risky junctions tend to [have] relatively little information related to risk .

a This should contain :
a this should [have] :

It will be essential for all of us to maintain the efforts to contain operating costs and to maximise our incomes .
it will be essential for all of us to maintain the efforts to [have] operating costs and to maximise our incomes .

Cerene white frits are lead-free and do not contain zirconium silicate as the opacifying agent .
cerene white frits are lead-free and do not [have] zirconium silicate as the opacifying agent .

In other words , while there may be in some sense ( possibly a historical one ) a relatively simple form of language in which clauses contain only a single occurrence of assignment , there is also a more elaborate form in which complexes containing assignment can themselves be used as elements in the construction of other clauses ; acceptance of this conclusion is not particularly demanding , given the observable facts of language use .
in other words , while there may be in some sense ( possibly a historical one ) a relatively simple form of language in which clauses [have] only a single occurrence of assignment , there is also a more elaborate form in which complexes containing assignment can themselves be used as elements in the construction of other clauses ; acceptance of this conclusion is not particularly demanding , given the observable facts of language use .

4.5 Consider the following sentences : ( 33 ) we believe the detective innocent Leonard proved the theorem incorrect Atkins will guarantee her picture authentic We can perhaps take it as self-evident that these do not contain attributive adjectives , but they also differ from predicate qualifiers .
4.5 consider the following sentences : ( 33 ) we believe the detective innocent leonard proved the theorem incorrect atkins will guarantee her picture authentic we can perhaps take it as self-evident that these do not [have] attributive adjectives , but they also differ from predicate qualifiers .

Fourth , structure ( 47 ) for the clausal adjective follows just the same general intensional pattern as will be needed for sentences which contain not an adjective but a ( non-finite ) verb phrase : ( 61 ) Leonard proved this theorem to rival the Nomination theorem in its scope Atkins will guarantee her picture to have fetched $ 100,000 at its last sale 4.7 It seems permissible to agree , in this case , that we do have good grounds for accepting that the adjectives are understood as part of a structure felt to be a clause , of which the preceding noun phrase would be the subject .
fourth , structure ( 47 ) for the clausal adjective follows just the same general intensional pattern as will be needed for sentences which [have] not an adjective but a ( non-finite ) verb phrase : ( 61 ) leonard proved this theorem to rival the nomination theorem in its scope atkins will guarantee her picture to have fetched $ 100,000 at its last sale 4.7 it seems permissible to agree , in this case , that we do have good grounds for accepting that the adjectives are understood as part of a structure felt to be a clause , of which the preceding noun phrase would be the subject .

The edited files ( Appendices 1 and 2 ) contain 550 doctorate theses resulting from research on Scottish geology , geochemistry and geophysics , undertaken in British universities and completed between 1960 and 1983 .
the edited files ( appendices 1 and 2 ) [have] 550 doctorate theses resulting from research on scottish geology , geochemistry and geophysics , undertaken in british universities and completed between 1960 and 1983 .

Thus the 1927 study by Wentworth & Apfel , and the 1931 study by Gross & Woodford , both of which listed the journals most frequently used by American geologists , contain relatively small numbers of journals which still occupy the same high standing in the profession today .
thus the 1927 study by wentworth & apfel , and the 1931 study by gross & woodford , both of which listed the journals most frequently used by american geologists , [have] relatively small numbers of journals which still occupy the same high standing in the profession today .

The Councils of both Societies , in agreeing to support the publication of the new journal , took a conscious decision that it should contain only papers of the highest quality , and that papers from Scotland 's universities , and papers on Scottish geology , should form the major part of the publication , although there has always been scope for the publication of papers on other areas , including some important theoretical papers .
the councils of both societies , in agreeing to support the publication of the new journal , took a conscious decision that it should [have] only papers of the highest quality , and that papers from scotland 's universities , and papers on scottish geology , should form the major part of the publication , although there has always been scope for the publication of papers on other areas , including some important theoretical papers .

For example , whilst many of the papers published in Scottish Journal of Geology are geochemical in nature , the core set of journals in geochemistry may well not contain it , and so researchers may well choose to publish in the core set for their sub-field , rather than the core set for Scottish geology .
for example , whilst many of the papers published in scottish journal of geology are geochemical in nature , the core set of journals in geochemistry may well not [have] it , and so researchers may well choose to publish in the core set for their sub-field , rather than the core set for scottish geology .

The pressures to publish in science have led to the publication of series of fragmentary reports on research ( Abelson ) and to the production of new journals to contain such reports , which have been termed the ‘ least publishable units ’ .
the pressures to publish in science have led to the publication of series of fragmentary reports on research ( abelson ) and to the production of new journals to [have] such reports , which have been termed the ‘ least publishable units ’ .

The third point is valid , however , since theses in geology often contain large quantities of raw data , unpublishable in conventional form .
the third point is valid , however , since theses in geology often [have] large quantities of raw data , unpublishable in conventional form .

Works on areal geology , mineralogy , and the applied earth sciences may be valuable in their own way , but the information they contain is used in a different way , and by different readers , from that in geophysics .
works on areal geology , mineralogy , and the applied earth sciences may be valuable in their own way , but the information they [have] is used in a different way , and by different readers , from that in geophysics .

Certain journals contain abnormally or unexpectedly high proportions of classic references , and hence need longer storage .
certain journals [have] abnormally or unexpectedly high proportions of classic references , and hence need longer storage .

Ratio scales , to remind ourselves , contain all the properties of ordinal and interval scales with the additional one that they can be transformed one into another .
ratio scales , to remind ourselves , [have] all the properties of ordinal and interval scales with the additional one that they can be transformed one into another .

This may require targetting particular , and known , subgroups of the general population in order to obtain sufficient cases , or respondents that will contain sufficient cases .
this may require targetting particular , and known , subgroups of the general population in order to obtain sufficient cases , or respondents that will [have] sufficient cases .

It is not unusual for questionnaires to contain a mixture of both types of questions .
it is not unusual for questionnaires to [have] a mixture of both types of questions .

John pressed his knuckles into his eyesockets , trying to contain his anger in front of the child .
john pressed his knuckles into his eyesockets , trying to [have] his anger in front of the child .

Critics of the government alleged , however , that the measure aimed merely to contain political opposition in the event of the current round of Middle East peace talks leading to a compromise unacceptable to Palestinian and Jordanian nationalists .
critics of the government alleged , however , that the measure aimed merely to [have] political opposition in the event of the current round of middle east peace talks leading to a compromise unacceptable to palestinian and jordanian nationalists .

The committee overwhelmingly voted that the platform should once again contain , as it had since 1980 , the demand for a constitutional amendment to prohibit abortion .
the committee overwhelmingly voted that the platform should once again [have] , as it had since 1980 , the demand for a constitutional amendment to prohibit abortion .

On the same day , re-contra leader José Angel Morán Flores ( known as El Indomable ) relaunched negotiations with the government to contain the violence .
on the same day , re-contra leader josé angel morán flores ( known as el indomable ) relaunched negotiations with the government to [have] the violence .

He was forced to abandon another public speech in Panama City 's central Porras Park , suffering from the effects of tear gas , and to flee in an armed vehicle , along with President Guillermo Endara Gallimany and both their wives , as the police struggled to contain angry crowds .
he was forced to abandon another public speech in panama city 's central porras park , suffering from the effects of tear gas , and to flee in an armed vehicle , along with president guillermo endara gallimany and both their wives , as the police struggled to [have] angry crowds .

" Democratic legitimacy . The European Council considers the Presidency 's draft to contain significant proposals strengthening the European Parliament 's political , legislative and monitoring role , which must go hand in hand with development of the Union …
" democratic legitimacy . the european council considers the presidency 's draft to [have] significant proposals strengthening the european parliament 's political , legislative and monitoring role , which must go hand in hand with development of the union …

On Oct. 26 Stavenhagen was further criticized when a cargo shipment to Israel , which had been declared as farm machinery , was seized in Hamburg and found to contain east German weapons and military equipment .
on oct. 26 stavenhagen was further criticized when a cargo shipment to israel , which had been declared as farm machinery , was seized in hamburg and found to [have] east german weapons and military equipment .

This list was known to contain the names of 110 senior and middle-ranking officers , including the Minister of Defence , Gen. René Emilio Ponce , his deputy and various officials in diplomatic positions abroad .
this list was known to [have] the names of 110 senior and middle-ranking officers , including the minister of defence , gen. rené emilio ponce , his deputy and various officials in diplomatic positions abroad .

Two state-commissioned reports , described by Yeltsin in his Oct. 6 speech to the Supreme Soviet as the first in 70 years to contain `` nothing but the truth `` about the nation 's health and the state of the environment , were unveiled at a press conference on Oct. 7 .
two state-commissioned reports , described by yeltsin in his oct. 6 speech to the supreme soviet as the first in 70 years to [have] `` nothing but the truth `` about the nation 's health and the state of the environment , were unveiled at a press conference on oct. 7 .

The specialist brochures should be designed to elaborate on particular features for particular consumer groups , and may contain more diagrammatic and other illustrative material to do this .
the specialist brochures should be designed to elaborate on particular features for particular consumer groups , and may [have] more diagrammatic and other illustrative material to do this .

Period rooms in a museum are usually reconstructions and interpretations of the past , though they may well contain primary source material , the furniture and genuine artefacts from the past , and an assortment of objects which may well belong to the same period but which come from many different sources .
period rooms in a museum are usually reconstructions and interpretations of the past , though they may well [have] primary source material , the furniture and genuine artefacts from the past , and an assortment of objects which may well belong to the same period but which come from many different sources .

Fortunately , most local record offices contain an abundance of sources for local history , going back at least two hundred years .
fortunately , most local record offices [have] an abundance of sources for local history , going back at least two hundred years .

Artists ' pictures in particular often contain several storylines within them .
artists ' pictures in particular often [have] several storylines within them .

Some museums provide teachers ' information packs , which can contain sample worksheets , a plan or gallery guide , and other background material .
some museums provide teachers ' information packs , which can [have] sample worksheets , a plan or gallery guide , and other background material .

Educational broadcasts are secondary sources ( though some programmes may contain extracts from archive film ) .
educational broadcasts are secondary sources ( though some programmes may [have] extracts from archive film ) .

Such leases would draw upon all the expertise of lawyers , and contain detailed plans for how the land let to the builder should be built upon .
such leases would draw upon all the expertise of lawyers , and [have] detailed plans for how the land let to the builder should be built upon .

If it be light , dry and free from bugs , if it be central in position , and if it contain three rooms , it will be eagerly sought for and hard to find .
if it be light , dry and free from bugs , if it be central in position , and if it [have] three rooms , it will be eagerly sought for and hard to find .

Further , tenancy agreements frequently contain express contractual covenants to repair imposing considerable obligations upon tenants .
further , tenancy agreements frequently [have] express contractual covenants to repair imposing considerable obligations upon tenants .

( d ) Both offences contain the concepts of " intention permanently to deprive " and " belonging to another " .
( d ) both offences [have] the concepts of " intention permanently to deprive " and " belonging to another " .

177 , 1989 , will contain the offences of burglary ( cl .
177 , 1989 , will [have] the offences of burglary ( cl .

Compact discs are available which contain a corpus of a whole century of poetry on a single disc .
compact discs are available which [have] a corpus of a whole century of poetry on a single disc .

So what this example shows is that a sentence which seems to contain one assertion can turn out to contain many different assertions , some in the form of presuppositions .
so what this example shows is that a sentence which seems to [have] one assertion can turn out to [have] many different assertions , some in the form of presuppositions .

If this book had been written twenty years ago it would have been unlikely to contain any discussion of bias in the language of academic work .
if this book had been written twenty years ago it would have been unlikely to [have] any discussion of bias in the language of academic work .

or give them short titles which indicate what they contain .
or give them short titles which indicate what they [have] .

Cards can be pre-issued , integrated into automatic check-out systems , integrated into service out systems , integrated into service facilities and even contain key combinations and guest information for multiple lodging within the same hotel group .
cards can be pre-issued , integrated into automatic check-out systems , integrated into service out systems , integrated into service facilities and even [have] key combinations and guest information for multiple lodging within the same hotel group .

It is probably true to say that if young British-born Caribbeans from London have a conversation lasting longer than a few turns , then it will contain London English even if it contains Creole as well .
it is probably true to say that if young british-born caribbeans from london have a conversation lasting longer than a few turns , then it will [have] london english even if it contains creole as well .

The beans contain an impurity which causes James to become violently ill .
the beans [have] an impurity which causes james to become violently ill .

Now Osbern 's account of the circumstances surrounding Ælfheah 's martyrdom contains some spectacular blunders , and if this account of a shipwreck stood alone it would be worthless , because saints ' lives frequently contain miracles about distress at sea .
now osbern 's account of the circumstances surrounding ælfheah 's martyrdom contains some spectacular blunders , and if this account of a shipwreck stood alone it would be worthless , because saints ' lives frequently [have] miracles about distress at sea .

Even tales such as Gaimar 's on the two Edmunds and the Welsh can contain grains of truth .
even tales such as gaimar 's on the two edmunds and the welsh can [have] grains of truth .

Stone monuments from tenth and eleventh century Northumbria sometimes contain scenes from pagan myth and legend .
stone monuments from tenth and eleventh century northumbria sometimes [have] scenes from pagan myth and legend .

( i ) In the case of a practice which has at least one registered foreign lawyer as a partner , director , registered member or beneficial owner of a share , the notepaper of an English or Welsh office of the practice must contain either :
( i ) in the case of a practice which has at least one registered foreign lawyer as a partner , director , registered member or beneficial owner of a share , the notepaper of an english or welsh office of the practice must [have] either :

Faced with evidence to the contrary , which the government of the day either believed or at least affected to believe , they resort to describing the reports of arms , oaths and plans for insurrection sent in by government spies as exaggerations or fabrications , especially those of Bent , from Lancashire : `` The Home Office Papers contain numbers of illiterate communications from him , full of lurid hints of the approaching outbursts of the lower orders , encouraged by mysterious beings in higher places . ``
faced with evidence to the contrary , which the government of the day either believed or at least affected to believe , they resort to describing the reports of arms , oaths and plans for insurrection sent in by government spies as exaggerations or fabrications , especially those of bent , from lancashire : `` the home office papers [have] numbers of illiterate communications from him , full of lurid hints of the approaching outbursts of the lower orders , encouraged by mysterious beings in higher places . ``

The system must contain enough information for a single solution to be found .
the system must [have] enough information for a single solution to be found .

Thus at the acoustic-phonetic level the Chart could represent , for example , a segment lattice , which as the project progressed , could contain segmentation and labelling information of increasing complexity .
thus at the acoustic-phonetic level the chart could represent , for example , a segment lattice , which as the project progressed , could [have] segmentation and labelling information of increasing complexity .

The result of this process is a discrimination tree , any of whose sub-trees contain a set of words beginning with the same phonemic description .
the result of this process is a discrimination tree , any of whose sub-trees [have] a set of words beginning with the same phonemic description .

If the graph is output from the acoustic front-end it will contain alternative segmentations and labellings .
if the graph is output from the acoustic front-end it will [have] alternative segmentations and labellings .

Some long utterances may contain phoneme sequences which only match the intended words .
some long utterances may [have] phoneme sequences which only match the intended words .

Since , in reality , a phonemic string that is the output of phonetic processing of the acoustic waveform is likely to contain many errors , it is necessary to allow phonemic competitors to guarantee the inclusion of the correct phoneme .
since , in reality , a phonemic string that is the output of phonetic processing of the acoustic waveform is likely to [have] many errors , it is necessary to allow phonemic competitors to guarantee the inclusion of the correct phoneme .

Since can ( auxiliary ) is marked as unstressed in our lexicon , the parse of an utterance such as , Yes , he can , sir ( with the emphasis on can ) could contain confusions with lexical items such as cancer , can , etc .
since can ( auxiliary ) is marked as unstressed in our lexicon , the parse of an utterance such as , yes , he can , sir ( with the emphasis on can ) could [have] confusions with lexical items such as cancer , can , etc .

Therefore , in principle , it is quite acceptable to write a novel about a secret agent in the style of Ian Fleming as long as it does not contain copies of parts of James Bond novels .
therefore , in principle , it is quite acceptable to write a novel about a secret agent in the style of ian fleming as long as it does not [have] copies of parts of james bond novels .

Even if copyright protection of computer programs is developed by the courts to become stronger , the Act does contain safeguards .
even if copyright protection of computer programs is developed by the courts to become stronger , the act does [have] safeguards .

These computer systems , which are intended to emulate the thought processes , analytical reasoning and advice of experts , contain a great deal of skill and expertise within the systems themselves .
these computer systems , which are intended to emulate the thought processes , analytical reasoning and advice of experts , [have] a great deal of skill and expertise within the systems themselves .

However , a professional such as a general medical practitioner who has to seek the advice of a specialist consultant will find it difficult to verify and validate the advice of the specialist and this is true also of expert systems which contain knowledge beyond that of the user of the system .
however , a professional such as a general medical practitioner who has to seek the advice of a specialist consultant will find it difficult to verify and validate the advice of the specialist and this is true also of expert systems which [have] knowledge beyond that of the user of the system .

This appears to be reflected in the character of the Anglo-Norman fabliaux , which — small though their number is and therefore a rather unreliable basis for generalizations — tend to concentrate upon the adventures of knightly characters , and to develop the characters they contain in terms which , however facile , represent the aristocratic or courtly ethos : characters are frequently identified as `` `` bel `` `` , `` fine `` , for instance , and given `` noble `` motives for their actions , such as the lady of Un Chevalier , sa dame et un clerc , who , superficially at least , gives herself to the clerk as an act of pity , in order to avoid his dying of his `` `` maladie `` `` of love .
this appears to be reflected in the character of the anglo-norman fabliaux , which — small though their number is and therefore a rather unreliable basis for generalizations — tend to concentrate upon the adventures of knightly characters , and to develop the characters they [have] in terms which , however facile , represent the aristocratic or courtly ethos : characters are frequently identified as `` `` bel `` `` , `` fine `` , for instance , and given `` noble `` motives for their actions , such as the lady of un chevalier , sa dame et un clerc , who , superficially at least , gives herself to the clerk as an act of pity , in order to avoid his dying of his `` `` maladie `` `` of love .

The great majority of French fabliaux too are to be found in manuscripts that contain extensive collections of fabliaux , and other genres , reflecting a development in manuscript production of the thirteenth century that it is difficult to believe is not connected in some general way to the growth of scholarly `` compilations `` ( compilationes ) at the same time .
the great majority of french fabliaux too are to be found in manuscripts that [have] extensive collections of fabliaux , and other genres , reflecting a development in manuscript production of the thirteenth century that it is difficult to believe is not connected in some general way to the growth of scholarly `` compilations `` ( compilationes ) at the same time .

The January 1983 Medau News would contain an article explaining the new system to all and a letter would be sent to class secretaries ( some of whom may have changed since Sept. ) asking again for their help in encouraging membership amongst class members .
the january 1983 medau news would [have] an article explaining the new system to all and a letter would be sent to class secretaries ( some of whom may have changed since sept. ) asking again for their help in encouraging membership amongst class members .

All of the uses found of such blends which contain the bare infinitive are also in some way non-assertive , although this non-assertiveness can take on some very subtle forms .
all of the uses found of such blends which [have] the bare infinitive are also in some way non-assertive , although this non-assertiveness can take on some very subtle forms .

This is very much in keeping moreover with the nature of comparative clauses , since , as has been seen in the discussion of need and dare , they contain an inherent non-assertiveness .
this is very much in keeping moreover with the nature of comparative clauses , since , as has been seen in the discussion of need and dare , they [have] an inherent non-assertiveness .

The presence of generalized person in the infinitive also explains how this verb form can be `` without person or number `` and yet have `` a reference to some subject `` ( Brown 1884 : 336 – 7 ) : the fact that the infinitive does contain a support gives rise to the impression that the event is referred to a `` potential subject `` , that is , to what would have been the subject had the verb been finite .
the presence of generalized person in the infinitive also explains how this verb form can be `` without person or number `` and yet have `` a reference to some subject `` ( brown 1884 : 336 – 7 ) : the fact that the infinitive does [have] a support gives rise to the impression that the event is referred to a `` potential subject `` , that is , to what would have been the subject had the verb been finite .

She noticed now that there was a kind of cupboard in the corner which was likely to contain a washbasin , and a single bed , tucked in with a plaid rug . Surely they 'd do better making love on board Grace than on a few yards of Mackenzie tartan ?
she noticed now that there was a kind of cupboard in the corner which was likely to [have] a washbasin , and a single bed , tucked in with a plaid rug . surely they 'd do better making love on board grace than on a few yards of mackenzie tartan ?

Remember not to rely too heavily on dairy products as they contain highly saturated fats which could be bad for health if consumed in large quantities .
remember not to rely too heavily on dairy products as they [have] highly saturated fats which could be bad for health if consumed in large quantities .

Hot cross buns , Simnel cake and Easter biscuits ( see recipes on page 60 ) contain currants and mixed spices that have been eaten at Lent since Elizabethan times , although their use goes back to the Middle Ages when only the rich could afford spice .
hot cross buns , simnel cake and easter biscuits ( see recipes on page 60 ) [have] currants and mixed spices that have been eaten at lent since elizabethan times , although their use goes back to the middle ages when only the rich could afford spice .

Hot cross buns and Easter biscuits are studded with dried fruit and contain mixed spice , usually a blend ground cinnamon , cloves , mace , nutmeg , coriander and allspice berries .
hot cross buns and easter biscuits are studded with dried fruit and [have] mixed spice , usually a blend ground cinnamon , cloves , mace , nutmeg , coriander and allspice berries .

In Spain , breads flavoured with cinnamon and dried fruit are baked at Easter , and some contain hard-boiled eggs , according to Elizabeth Luard 's European Festival Food .
in spain , breads flavoured with cinnamon and dried fruit are baked at easter , and some [have] hard-boiled eggs , according to elizabeth luard 's european festival food .

There is , Winckelmann concedes , `` Aeschylus ' tragic muse `` with its dark hyperboles and lurid dramatic effects ; Greek drama , he admits , does contain `` the high-flown and the astonishing `` , `` the hasty and the evanescent `` .
there is , winckelmann concedes , `` aeschylus ' tragic muse `` with its dark hyperboles and lurid dramatic effects ; greek drama , he admits , does [have] `` the high-flown and the astonishing `` , `` the hasty and the evanescent `` .

These artistic predilections went hand in hand with a marked interest in aesthetic theory His notebooks of 1862-for instance , contain comments under the heading `` On the Essence of Music `` , which are probably notes for a two-part Germania essay on `` The Demonic in Music `` , and , again , a set of Emersonian reflection on Nature , beauty and art .
these artistic predilections went hand in hand with a marked interest in aesthetic theory his notebooks of 1862-for instance , [have] comments under the heading `` on the essence of music `` , which are probably notes for a two-part germania essay on `` the demonic in music `` , and , again , a set of emersonian reflection on nature , beauty and art .

This waste would still contain some even finer copper ore and so there might he several such washings .
this waste would still [have] some even finer copper ore and so there might he several such washings .

In addition , they also contain national information on the miscarriages of the youngest and oldest age groups ( data by residence did not display these categories ) .
in addition , they also [have] national information on the miscarriages of the youngest and oldest age groups ( data by residence did not display these categories ) .

The wide strip will contain a language pattern which is well known to the pupils , eg give him the large book .
the wide strip will [have] a language pattern which is well known to the pupils , eg give him the large book .

The latter strip will contain words which the pupils will be expected to substitute for him and large , eg me , them , English , small .
the latter strip will [have] words which the pupils will be expected to substitute for him and large , eg me , them , english , small .

According to Miller ( 1956 ) , who coined the term , a single chunk may contain a small or a large amount of information .
according to miller ( 1956 ) , who coined the term , a single chunk may [have] a small or a large amount of information .

Short-term memory seems able to contain a fairly constant number of chunks , regardless of who much or how little information each contains .
short-term memory seems able to [have] a fairly constant number of chunks , regardless of who much or how little information each contains .

In 1938 the Folger Library in America , purchased a copy of one of Lambarde 's law books , this was found to contain Shakespeare 's signature , it was not until 1941 however that this was considered genuine .
in 1938 the folger library in america , purchased a copy of one of lambarde 's law books , this was found to [have] shakespeare 's signature , it was not until 1941 however that this was considered genuine .

However , informal repetition experiments suggest that no more than about 30 % of searches contain a close match with any subject heading more than one word long .
however , informal repetition experiments suggest that no more than about 30 % of searches [have] a close match with any subject heading more than one word long .

Part of the problem is that , because we know we should be cutting down on the amount of sugar we eat , we 're turning more and more to diet drinks , which contain artificial sweeteners like saccharin .
part of the problem is that , because we know we should be cutting down on the amount of sugar we eat , we 're turning more and more to diet drinks , which [have] artificial sweeteners like saccharin .

Fruit juices contain natural sugars anyway , so added sugar may only have the effect of making your child expect oversweet drinks .
fruit juices [have] natural sugars anyway , so added sugar may only have the effect of making your child expect oversweet drinks .

The activities which lead most directly to fluency , accuracy and comprehension are : listening , mimicking , drilling , and communicating , and any daily programme you follow should contain these four ingredients .
the activities which lead most directly to fluency , accuracy and comprehension are : listening , mimicking , drilling , and communicating , and any daily programme you follow should [have] these four ingredients .

The preface should contain the following items : a .
the preface should [have] the following items : a .

We do this because we fear that the other language may not contain the sophisticated concepts we may need in the communication .
we do this because we fear that the other language may not [have] the sophisticated concepts we may need in the communication .

They had little doubt as to the contents of the sacks and their prompt action in jumping the men was vindicated when the sacks were found to contain large quantities of spirits and cigarettes .
they had little doubt as to the contents of the sacks and their prompt action in jumping the men was vindicated when the sacks were found to [have] large quantities of spirits and cigarettes .

Apart from the catalyst residues referred to above a commercial plastic will contain many additives such as anti-oxidants , colouring agents , plasticizer molecules ( small molecular weight additives which affect the mechanical properties ) as well as components required by the chemist to stop the chain growing .
apart from the catalyst residues referred to above a commercial plastic will [have] many additives such as anti-oxidants , colouring agents , plasticizer molecules ( small molecular weight additives which affect the mechanical properties ) as well as components required by the chemist to stop the chain growing .

Although these data are extremely useful , it can not assess reflux of potentially harmful materials such as bile , which has a near neutral pH , or even food with a near neutral pH that may contain other damaging agents such as pepsin .
although these data are extremely useful , it can not assess reflux of potentially harmful materials such as bile , which has a near neutral ph , or even food with a near neutral ph that may [have] other damaging agents such as pepsin .

The granules of neutrophil granulocytes contain a number of enzymes , for example , myeloperoxidase , which are important in the combat against bacteria .
the granules of neutrophil granulocytes [have] a number of enzymes , for example , myeloperoxidase , which are important in the combat against bacteria .

This method has relied on disaggregation of intact crypt/villus units , which contain proliferative stem cells , functional epithelial cells , and mesenchymal tissue within the villus core .
this method has relied on disaggregation of intact crypt/villus units , which [have] proliferative stem cells , functional epithelial cells , and mesenchymal tissue within the villus core .

Intrinsic bicarbonate secretion from the oesophageal mucosa may also contribute to intraluminal acid neutralisation , and such secretion has been shown in vivo in the opossum oesophagus , which is known to contain submucous glands .
intrinsic bicarbonate secretion from the oesophageal mucosa may also contribute to intraluminal acid neutralisation , and such secretion has been shown in vivo in the opossum oesophagus , which is known to [have] submucous glands .

The vesicle preparation was thus found to contain 13.9 µg palmitic acid and 11.5 µg oleic acid/ml .
the vesicle preparation was thus found to [have] 13.9 µg palmitic acid and 11.5 µg oleic acid/ml .

First , pancreatic zymogen granules contain inactive precursors of the digestive enzymes ( proteases , phospholipases ) likely to be injurious to lysosomal membranes .
first , pancreatic zymogen granules [have] inactive precursors of the digestive enzymes ( proteases , phospholipases ) likely to be injurious to lysosomal membranes .

The meal needs to contain 1000 kCal or more and have a relatively high fat contant ( < 40 % ) .
the meal needs to [have] 1000 kcal or more and have a relatively high fat contant ( < 40 % ) .

Cell plasma membranes contain a variety of transport systems that carry acid or base into or out of the cell .
cell plasma membranes [have] a variety of transport systems that carry acid or base into or out of the cell .

All drainage , which will contain some formaldehyde solution , is drained into closed vessels .
all drainage , which will [have] some formaldehyde solution , is drained into closed vessels .

The aim of the present study therefore was to investigate the frequency with which p53 is overexpressed in large bowel adenomas ; to define which , if any , of these adenomas also contain a mutant K-rase gene ; and to relate these findings to the presence of malignant change .
the aim of the present study therefore was to investigate the frequency with which p53 is overexpressed in large bowel adenomas ; to define which , if any , of these adenomas also [have] a mutant k-rase gene ; and to relate these findings to the presence of malignant change .

By contrast the single malignant polyp identified as expressing a mutant type p53 protein did not seem to contain a mutation at codon 12 of the K-ras gene , although obviously we can not current exclude the presence of codon 13 or 61 mutations .
by contrast the single malignant polyp identified as expressing a mutant type p53 protein did not seem to [have] a mutation at codon 12 of the k-ras gene , although obviously we can not current exclude the presence of codon 13 or 61 mutations .

Rodrigues et al found six of six colorectal cancer cell lines overexpressing p53 to contain a point mutation , and Purdie et al described complete agreement between staining with Pab 240 and presence of a mutation in 12 primary large bowel cancers .
rodrigues et al found six of six colorectal cancer cell lines overexpressing p53 to [have] a point mutation , and purdie et al described complete agreement between staining with pab 240 and presence of a mutation in 12 primary large bowel cancers .

Vogelstein et al have described ras mutations in 12 % of sporadic adenomas < 1 cm in size , 20 % of tumours 1 to 2 cm in size , 100 % of adenomas > 2 cm , and in 60 % of adenomas that contain a carcinoma .
vogelstein et al have described ras mutations in 12 % of sporadic adenomas < 1 cm in size , 20 % of tumours 1 to 2 cm in size , 100 % of adenomas > 2 cm , and in 60 % of adenomas that [have] a carcinoma .

Most ulcer maintenance trials , including this study , contain several potential methodological weaknesses that merit further discussion .
most ulcer maintenance trials , including this study , [have] several potential methodological weaknesses that merit further discussion .

Nineth five per cent of large bowel cancers showing loss of heterozygosity for 17p alleles also contain a point mutation .
nineth five per cent of large bowel cancers showing loss of heterozygosity for 17p alleles also [have] a point mutation .

For instance we have recently shown that colorectal cancers that contain c-Ki-ras mutations and over express p53 have a far worse prognosis than those showing either alteration on its own .
for instance we have recently shown that colorectal cancers that [have] c-ki-ras mutations and over express p53 have a far worse prognosis than those showing either alteration on its own .

In the case of gastrin , cell lines derived from colorectal carcinomas have recently been shown to contain gastrin mRNA , and some human colorectal cancers in short term tissue culture release a peptide into the culture medium which appears to have the immunological characteristics of gastrin .
in the case of gastrin , cell lines derived from colorectal carcinomas have recently been shown to [have] gastrin mrna , and some human colorectal cancers in short term tissue culture release a peptide into the culture medium which appears to have the immunological characteristics of gastrin .

It is well established that peptides derived from the gastrin precursor , progastrin , are produced in a number of tumours of endocrine origin , and it seems possible that some primary gastric and colorectal tumours may also contain gastrin .
it is well established that peptides derived from the gastrin precursor , progastrin , are produced in a number of tumours of endocrine origin , and it seems possible that some primary gastric and colorectal tumours may also [have] gastrin .

Oesophageal tissue was found to contain significantly less urokinase type plasminogen activator and tissue type plasminogen activator , both in antigen and activity , compared with stomach tissue .
oesophageal tissue was found to [have] significantly less urokinase type plasminogen activator and tissue type plasminogen activator , both in antigen and activity , compared with stomach tissue .

This remarkable difference in expression of plasminogen activators between both normal tissues is most likely caused by differences in the type of epithelium as squamous oesophageal tissue biopsies contain relatively more epithelium compared with columnar epithelial type tissues of the stomach because of its multilayer cell construction .
this remarkable difference in expression of plasminogen activators between both normal tissues is most likely caused by differences in the type of epithelium as squamous oesophageal tissue biopsies [have] relatively more epithelium compared with columnar epithelial type tissues of the stomach because of its multilayer cell construction .

Our study is the first to enumerate γ-interferon producing cells in sections of human intestine and the results show that a remarkably large proportion of lymphocytes in the lamina propria and epithelium of normal small bowel mucosa contain γ-interferon .
our study is the first to enumerate γ-interferon producing cells in sections of human intestine and the results show that a remarkably large proportion of lymphocytes in the lamina propria and epithelium of normal small bowel mucosa [have] γ-interferon .

The vacuoles appearing in these cells during infusion of caerulein contain activated lysosomal enzymes which in turn may activate the digestive enzymes leading to cell destruction and presumably to leakage of these enzymes into the interstitial tissue ( where they produce inflammation ) and into the blood .
the vacuoles appearing in these cells during infusion of caerulein [have] activated lysosomal enzymes which in turn may activate the digestive enzymes leading to cell destruction and presumably to leakage of these enzymes into the interstitial tissue ( where they produce inflammation ) and into the blood .

He had to admit that the charge-sheet read out by Angela Cartwright did contain some remarkable offences .
he had to admit that the charge-sheet read out by angela cartwright did [have] some remarkable offences .

Therefore , dividends should be expected to contain information .
therefore , dividends should be expected to [have] information .

If there was a serious disagreement the report would still contain the point but it would say that the school disagreed with it for whatever reason .
if there was a serious disagreement the report would still [have] the point but it would say that the school disagreed with it for whatever reason .

Company financial policy will contain guidelines for doing this , based on past experience .
company financial policy will [have] guidelines for doing this , based on past experience .

The inverted commas are used to emphasize that such statements contain estimates and personal decisions that are sometimes arbitrary and refer to specific accounting periods which may not be representative of the operational situation .
the inverted commas are used to emphasize that such statements [have] estimates and personal decisions that are sometimes arbitrary and refer to specific accounting periods which may not be representative of the operational situation .

At any stage of development of leadership style the description arising from the Hersey and Blanchard analysis may contain a number of possibilities .
at any stage of development of leadership style the description arising from the hersey and blanchard analysis may [have] a number of possibilities .

Dust is abrasive and may contain metallic particles .
dust is abrasive and may [have] metallic particles .

Although cob walls contain no stone , apart from the footings , they are remarkably resilient .
although cob walls [have] no stone , apart from the footings , they are remarkably resilient .

The chromosomes carry genes which contain all the genetic information needed to control development .
the chromosomes carry genes which [have] all the genetic information needed to control development .

But the book , published next Thursday by Century Hutchinson , does contain some intriguing insights into the career of ‘ the retail revolution ’ .
but the book , published next thursday by century hutchinson , does [have] some intriguing insights into the career of ‘ the retail revolution ’ .

The advertisement must also contain an example of the details of payment and the total cost .
the advertisement must also [have] an example of the details of payment and the total cost .

‘ If it does not contain interest rates , then it must include an invitation for readers to get full written details of the terms . ’
‘ if it does not [have] interest rates , then it must include an invitation for readers to get full written details of the terms . ’

Love it or hate it , the South-east does contain 30 per cent of the population of the United Kingdom .
love it or hate it , the south-east does [have] 30 per cent of the population of the united kingdom .

In particular , it was known that each cell contains a nucleus which can be seen to contain a number of threads , the chromosomes .
in particular , it was known that each cell contains a nucleus which can be seen to [have] a number of threads , the chromosomes .

As the nineteenth century progressed , Austro-Hungary took refuge in reaction at home and adventurism abroad in an effort to contain the centrifugal forces which eventually blew it , and much of Europe , apart .
as the nineteenth century progressed , austro-hungary took refuge in reaction at home and adventurism abroad in an effort to [have] the centrifugal forces which eventually blew it , and much of europe , apart .

Complementary curves are needed to contain , define and stabilise a particular space and time .
complementary curves are needed to [have] , define and stabilise a particular space and time .

The scale can be vast , embracing a mighty landscape , or it can be intimate , to contain a bowl of apples .
the scale can be vast , embracing a mighty landscape , or it can be intimate , to [have] a bowl of apples .

All stressed skin structures exhibit a minimum surface tension that can contain the applied forces .
all stressed skin structures exhibit a minimum surface tension that can [have] the applied forces .

Ian Fleming 's James Bond stories each contain about thirteen peaks , offering plenty of excitement .
ian fleming 's james bond stories each [have] about thirteen peaks , offering plenty of excitement .

When , in the last days of November , a telegram arrived she knew what it must contain and trembled as she held it in her hand .
when , in the last days of november , a telegram arrived she knew what it must [have] and trembled as she held it in her hand .

These youth cliques , with picturesque names like Edelweisspiraten or , based on their taste in music , Swing , were regarded as a political menace by the regime , and for the most part their behaviour did contain a distinct political dimension — rejection of the Party , the Hitler Youth , the regime , and the Führer himself and the lack of freedom and dull uniformity which his rule represented .
these youth cliques , with picturesque names like edelweisspiraten or , based on their taste in music , swing , were regarded as a political menace by the regime , and for the most part their behaviour did [have] a distinct political dimension — rejection of the party , the hitler youth , the regime , and the führer himself and the lack of freedom and dull uniformity which his rule represented .

It is not , however , very often the case that an individual hoard will contain such easily datable coins .
it is not , however , very often the case that an individual hoard will [have] such easily datable coins .

There are a number of counties — Berkshire , Norfolk , Aberdeenshire , and now Gloucestershire — in which , because they contain royal residences , the Queen takes a particularly close personal interest .
there are a number of counties — berkshire , norfolk , aberdeenshire , and now gloucestershire — in which , because they [have] royal residences , the queen takes a particularly close personal interest .

Meals for everybody , including slimmers , should contain such foods .
meals for everybody , including slimmers , should [have] such foods .

Not only are such foods very nutritious , they also contain fibre .
not only are such foods very nutritious , they also [have] fibre .

Biscuits , cakes , most fizzy drinks , squashes and fruit juices , sweets , chocolates , ice-cream , and jam all contain vast quantities of sugar .
biscuits , cakes , most fizzy drinks , squashes and fruit juices , sweets , chocolates , ice-cream , and jam all [have] vast quantities of sugar .

The thing to avoid or at least cut down on is refined sugar and the products that contain it .
the thing to avoid or at least cut down on is refined sugar and the products that [have] it .

If your standard way of eating ( or your slimming diet ) includes a mix of proteins , complex carbohydrate , and fresh fruits at each meal , you are much less likely to eat large amounts of refined sugar or the products that contain it .
if your standard way of eating ( or your slimming diet ) includes a mix of proteins , complex carbohydrate , and fresh fruits at each meal , you are much less likely to eat large amounts of refined sugar or the products that [have] it .

Many foods naturally contain sufficient of the kinds of fat needed for good health ; you do not actually need to add extra .
many foods naturally [have] sufficient of the kinds of fat needed for good health ; you do not actually need to add extra .

However , any diet high in foods that contain few vitamins and minerals is likely to lead to some degree of illness .
however , any diet high in foods that [have] few vitamins and minerals is likely to lead to some degree of illness .

Fruits and vegetables contain acids that aid the absorption of calcium .
fruits and vegetables [have] acids that aid the absorption of calcium .

Calcium is , in fact , present in some of the plant foods that contain the acids that aid absorption of this mineral .
calcium is , in fact , present in some of the plant foods that [have] the acids that aid absorption of this mineral .

Most standard kinds of exercise routines and work-outs contain many suppleness exercises .
most standard kinds of exercise routines and work-outs [have] many suppleness exercises .

Indeed , many exercise tapes or aerobics sessions contain muscle-strengthening exercises of the sort we have just described .
indeed , many exercise tapes or aerobics sessions [have] muscle-strengthening exercises of the sort we have just described .

The pages that contain dates already past can be divided into sections , such as ‘ favourite recipes ' ; ‘ goals for weight ' , ‘ food change , and exercise ' ; ‘ lists of rewards ' ; ‘ weight charts ' .
the pages that [have] dates already past can be divided into sections , such as ‘ favourite recipes ' ; ‘ goals for weight ' , ‘ food change , and exercise ' ; ‘ lists of rewards ' ; ‘ weight charts ' .

Some diaries contain sheets of paper printed as graph paper .
some diaries [have] sheets of paper printed as graph paper .

If your diary or notebook does not have these , or does not contain enough of them for your needs , buy a small packet of graph paper as well .
if your diary or notebook does not have these , or does not [have] enough of them for your needs , buy a small packet of graph paper as well .

How many meals contain low-fat protein like chicken and fish ?
how many meals [have] low-fat protein like chicken and fish ?

These last four items also contain sugar and have already appeared in the list of goals for sugar reduction .
these last four items also [have] sugar and have already appeared in the list of goals for sugar reduction .

Some take-away foods ( such as Chinese meals ) often contain large quantities of salt .
some take-away foods ( such as chinese meals ) often [have] large quantities of salt .

However , as these foods also contain fat they have already been incorporated under the goals for fat and so need not be repeated here .
however , as these foods also [have] fat they have already been incorporated under the goals for fat and so need not be repeated here .

That is to say , if a person came to blows with another , the shaikhs negotiated peace to contain and settle the dispute , to protect the interests of members of their lineage who were not fighting .
that is to say , if a person came to blows with another , the shaikhs negotiated peace to [have] and settle the dispute , to protect the interests of members of their lineage who were not fighting .

At least , their poems and stories were consistent with this aspect of the image and did not contain the ambiguities or contradictions of their account of rejection of Turkish government .
at least , their poems and stories were consistent with this aspect of the image and did not [have] the ambiguities or contradictions of their account of rejection of turkish government .

However , all policemen belonged to lineages , and consequently the police force could not really handle those events ( such as the Ajdabiya elections ) which resulted in massive mobilization of populations : not because the numbers were too great , but because the police force did not contain enough men uninvolved on either side .
however , all policemen belonged to lineages , and consequently the police force could not really handle those events ( such as the ajdabiya elections ) which resulted in massive mobilization of populations : not because the numbers were too great , but because the police force did not [have] enough men uninvolved on either side .

The dealers and auctioneers are clearly dishonest men , for did not the newspapers contain , almost daily , stories of this or that forgotten family possession , found in an attic or lumber room or trunk , and fetching colossal sums ?
the dealers and auctioneers are clearly dishonest men , for did not the newspapers [have] , almost daily , stories of this or that forgotten family possession , found in an attic or lumber room or trunk , and fetching colossal sums ?

It was also then that Mr Kinnock showed the part of his personality he tries so hard to contain , whipping up the audience like a second-rate holiday camp entertainer .
it was also then that mr kinnock showed the part of his personality he tries so hard to [have] , whipping up the audience like a second-rate holiday camp entertainer .

Some could barely contain their emotions .
some could barely [have] their emotions .

This time we have by no means exhausted the resources of invention , but these possibilities contain perhaps enough plausibility to be getting on with .
this time we have by no means exhausted the resources of invention , but these possibilities [have] perhaps enough plausibility to be getting on with .

The scoreline of 12–0 flattered Llanelli , who were struggling to contain Kawulok and Roy at the line-outs .
the scoreline of 12–0 flattered llanelli , who were struggling to [have] kawulok and roy at the line-outs .

The scoreline of 12–0 flattered Llanelli , who were struggling to contain Kawulok and Roy at the line-outs .
the scoreline of 12–0 flattered llanelli , who were struggling to [have] kawulok and roy at the line-outs .

This may contain the secret of why Waterers is flourishing while the average turnover of British landscaping companies languishes at £300,000 .
this may [have] the secret of why waterers is flourishing while the average turnover of british landscaping companies languishes at £300,000 .

Many drugs on the market today contain a mixture of right- and left-handed isomers , but often only one type has the desired effect ; the other may be inactive or even produce harmful side-effects .
many drugs on the market today [have] a mixture of right- and left-handed isomers , but often only one type has the desired effect ; the other may be inactive or even produce harmful side-effects .

‘ As it happens the Zantac did contain some ranitidine [ the active substance ] but other counterfeits have been completely inert , ’ Mr Peter Lumley , association spokesman , said yesterday .
‘ as it happens the zantac did [have] some ranitidine [ the active substance ] but other counterfeits have been completely inert , ’ mr peter lumley , association spokesman , said yesterday .

Extracts from both petrol and diesel exhausts contain carcinogens .
extracts from both petrol and diesel exhausts [have] carcinogens .

The worst thing that happened to diesel recently is the allegation of carcinogenic properties.It is argued that diesel fumes contain microscopic particles of sticky carbon , on to which are attracted carcinogens that can enter the lungs .
the worst thing that happened to diesel recently is the allegation of carcinogenic properties.it is argued that diesel fumes [have] microscopic particles of sticky carbon , on to which are attracted carcinogens that can enter the lungs .

He had hoped to repeat his successes of 1985 and 1987 , but could not contain the accurate drawing skills of King .
he had hoped to repeat his successes of 1985 and 1987 , but could not [have] the accurate drawing skills of king .

But is Expo 92 the ‘ world of information ’ its organisers claim — or will it be merely the greatest funfair in Spanish history , a fiesta open every day until 4 am ? Does it really contain ‘ the most amazing , precious and thrilling things from all over the world ’ ? Will it do anything to promote peace , international understanding and progress ?
but is expo 92 the ‘ world of information ’ its organisers claim — or will it be merely the greatest funfair in spanish history , a fiesta open every day until 4 am ? does it really [have] ‘ the most amazing , precious and thrilling things from all over the world ’ ? will it do anything to promote peace , international understanding and progress ?

It is hoped that mines placed about 600ft below the new fissure will create depressions to contain or restrain the lava and disperse the flows into rivulets which could cool quickly , slowing it down .
it is hoped that mines placed about 600ft below the new fissure will create depressions to [have] or restrain the lava and disperse the flows into rivulets which could cool quickly , slowing it down .

It is still grown on the Continent and is said to contain more protein .
it is still grown on the continent and is said to [have] more protein .

The rights and duties of the leasehold tenant are , as a rule , explicitly provided for by the terms of the lease , which will contain covenants such as those relating to payment of rent , repair , cultivation , and building , or forbidding the carrying on of certain trades .
the rights and duties of the leasehold tenant are , as a rule , explicitly provided for by the terms of the lease , which will [have] covenants such as those relating to payment of rent , repair , cultivation , and building , or forbidding the carrying on of certain trades .

It has far less to do with strategy than with financial bargains struck in the market-place of Whitehall , and with efforts to contain galloping inflation in weapons procurement .
it has far less to do with strategy than with financial bargains struck in the market-place of whitehall , and with efforts to [have] galloping inflation in weapons procurement .

In contrast , the families which contain the different living river dolphins seem to have been more diverse in the past , and were also more widely dispersed .
in contrast , the families which [have] the different living river dolphins seem to have been more diverse in the past , and were also more widely dispersed .

Small cetaceans are additionally vulnerable because their bodies contain large volumes of fat and blubber .
small cetaceans are additionally vulnerable because their bodies [have] large volumes of fat and blubber .

Many governments are very strict about imposing restrictions on the importation of foodstuffs which contain excessive concentrations of heavy metals .
many governments are very strict about imposing restrictions on the importation of foodstuffs which [have] excessive concentrations of heavy metals .

In the ‘ West End ’ , formerly West Berlin , buildings will contain a mix of residential , retail and office accommodation .
in the ‘ west end ’ , formerly west berlin , buildings will [have] a mix of residential , retail and office accommodation .

The best examples are made from pure pork , but cheaper varieties may also contain some beef .
the best examples are made from pure pork , but cheaper varieties may also [have] some beef .

These sausages sometimes contain nuts or garlic which give extra texture to an otherwise smooth paste .
these sausages sometimes [have] nuts or garlic which give extra texture to an otherwise smooth paste .

Place the dough on greased baking sheets , raising the edges of each piece slightly to contain the topping .
place the dough on greased baking sheets , raising the edges of each piece slightly to [have] the topping .

Products labelled ‘ table ’ or ‘ cooking ’ salt usually contain chemicals and anti-caking agents to ensure free-flow from the drum in which they are packed , giving rise to famous advertising slogans such as ‘ Everyone knows Saxa flows ’ and ‘ When it rains , it pours ’ .
products labelled ‘ table ’ or ‘ cooking ’ salt usually [have] chemicals and anti-caking agents to ensure free-flow from the drum in which they are packed , giving rise to famous advertising slogans such as ‘ everyone knows saxa flows ’ and ‘ when it rains , it pours ’ .

Bordeaux mustards are darker and milder and often contain flavourings such as vinegar or herbs , especially tarragon .
bordeaux mustards are darker and milder and often [have] flavourings such as vinegar or herbs , especially tarragon .

Few of the learned tomes that have been written are for the domestic consumer and contain few , if any , recipes to lighten the technical detail .
few of the learned tomes that have been written are for the domestic consumer and [have] few , if any , recipes to lighten the technical detail .

Chilli con carne is an established favourite and many shops stock the ingredients for making tacos — crispy pancake envelopes that contain a deliciously spicy meat or fish filling , all topped with salad and a tangy tomato sauce .
chilli con carne is an established favourite and many shops stock the ingredients for making tacos — crispy pancake envelopes that [have] a deliciously spicy meat or fish filling , all topped with salad and a tangy tomato sauce .

Tiny puffs of choux pastry may contain a variety of fillings .
tiny puffs of choux pastry may [have] a variety of fillings .

As Locke defines them , they ‘ contain not in them the supposition of subsisting by themselves , but are considered as dependences on , or affections of substances ’ .
as locke defines them , they ‘ [have] not in them the supposition of subsisting by themselves , but are considered as dependences on , or affections of substances ’ .

Inside there is the most beautiful and elaborate plasterwork ceiling in the parlour , where huge intersecting stars contain smaller designs .
inside there is the most beautiful and elaborate plasterwork ceiling in the parlour , where huge intersecting stars [have] smaller designs .

Inside , two of the main rooms contain the original panelling , and above one of the fireplaces there is a fine overmantel with Ionic pilasters flanking carved arches and supporting a frieze with anthemion and acanthus patterns .
inside , two of the main rooms [have] the original panelling , and above one of the fireplaces there is a fine overmantel with ionic pilasters flanking carved arches and supporting a frieze with anthemion and acanthus patterns .

The elms down Vicarage Lane which once hid the tiny entrance lodge may have long since gone , and the distant kitchen garden contain only Bermudan style bungalows within its walls , but the high Regency atmosphere still remains .
the elms down vicarage lane which once hid the tiny entrance lodge may have long since gone , and the distant kitchen garden [have] only bermudan style bungalows within its walls , but the high regency atmosphere still remains .

The Soviet Union is said to contain more than 1000 towns where its own permissible levels of atmospheric pollution are exceeded five-fold or more and 20 per cent of the population live in what the head of the Academy of Sciences ' biology institute calls ‘ ecological disaster zones ’ .
the soviet union is said to [have] more than 1000 towns where its own permissible levels of atmospheric pollution are exceeded five-fold or more and 20 per cent of the population live in what the head of the academy of sciences ' biology institute calls ‘ ecological disaster zones ’ .

So often there was an explosive quality about his batting which was very difficult to contain , and his driving in particular was magnificent .
so often there was an explosive quality about his batting which was very difficult to [have] , and his driving in particular was magnificent .

After his return to London from Pontardulais , Edward and Helen were finding it more difficult than ever to contain their desire for complete sexual union .
after his return to london from pontardulais , edward and helen were finding it more difficult than ever to [have] their desire for complete sexual union .

The Austrian authorities in Vienna and Salzburg are at pains to contain the worst excesses , but there is no stopping the Mozart T-shirts , socks , toasters , puzzles , bottle-openers , Swatches , mayonnaise , cheese , scent , a Köchel cook book , a hamburger called Mozart and well over 100m marzipan-filled ‘ Mozartkugeln ’ .
the austrian authorities in vienna and salzburg are at pains to [have] the worst excesses , but there is no stopping the mozart t-shirts , socks , toasters , puzzles , bottle-openers , swatches , mayonnaise , cheese , scent , a köchel cook book , a hamburger called mozart and well over 100m marzipan-filled ‘ mozartkugeln ’ .

Sometimes , however , even the most tangled arrangements can not contain a Chinese family quarrel .
sometimes , however , even the most tangled arrangements can not [have] a chinese family quarrel .

He bustled her back to the Land Rover and raided the squad 's provision box which he knew from experience would contain thick sandwiches and hot nourishing drinks .
he bustled her back to the land rover and raided the squad 's provision box which he knew from experience would [have] thick sandwiches and hot nourishing drinks .

Mr Hussein was embraced by the West in the 1980s because he was trying to contain the mad mullahs across the border ; all else was ignored .
mr hussein was embraced by the west in the 1980s because he was trying to [have] the mad mullahs across the border ; all else was ignored .

They can form alliances to contain him — buttressed , perhaps , by a residual force of Americans .
they can form alliances to [have] him — buttressed , perhaps , by a residual force of americans .

New books and dictionaries are expected to contain the new spellings , while Proust , Racine and the rest will gradually be re-edited so as to make them conform .
new books and dictionaries are expected to [have] the new spellings , while proust , racine and the rest will gradually be re-edited so as to make them conform .

But if Big Bang turns to crash and Poles lose their unPolish patience with the austerity plan , or if Solidarity can not contain its differences any longer , a fresh election could come as early as this autumn .
but if big bang turns to crash and poles lose their unpolish patience with the austerity plan , or if solidarity can not [have] its differences any longer , a fresh election could come as early as this autumn .

Instead of maintaining a distinction between programs ( the computer 's rules for thinking ) and data ( what it thinks about ) the idea of object-oriented programming is to create abstract ‘ objects ’ that contain both .
instead of maintaining a distinction between programs ( the computer 's rules for thinking ) and data ( what it thinks about ) the idea of object-oriented programming is to create abstract ‘ objects ’ that [have] both .

An object describing an employee might record data like name , rank and salary , and also contain programs like ‘ raise salary ’ and ‘ promote ’ .
an object describing an employee might record data like name , rank and salary , and also [have] programs like ‘ raise salary ’ and ‘ promote ’ .

Mr Birchall also knew that acid waters , which contain higher levels of aluminium , are lethal to fish .
mr birchall also knew that acid waters , which [have] higher levels of aluminium , are lethal to fish .

‘ But , at the same time , some legislative acts of Azerbaijan , Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia contain norms which do not correspond to the constitution of the Soviet Union and contravene its international agreements , ’ Tass said .
‘ but , at the same time , some legislative acts of azerbaijan , latvia , lithuania and estonia [have] norms which do not correspond to the constitution of the soviet union and contravene its international agreements , ’ tass said .

‘ But , at the same time , some legislative acts of Azerbaijan , Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia contain norms which do not correspond to the constitution of the Soviet Union and contravene its international agreements , ’ Tass said .
‘ but , at the same time , some legislative acts of azerbaijan , latvia , lithuania and estonia [have] norms which do not correspond to the constitution of the soviet union and contravene its international agreements , ’ tass said .

It did not contain £3 million but it was , Yarranton said , a token of the Sports Council 's commitment to make the games ‘ a success story for Britain ’ .
it did not [have] £3 million but it was , yarranton said , a token of the sports council 's commitment to make the games ‘ a success story for britain ’ .

Brigadier-General Arturo Enrile was speaking after President Corazon Aquino declared a national state of emergency and banned broadcasts of rebel pronouncements in an attempt to contain the mutiny which has shaken her government .
brigadier-general arturo enrile was speaking after president corazon aquino declared a national state of emergency and banned broadcasts of rebel pronouncements in an attempt to [have] the mutiny which has shaken her government .

There was nothing incongruous about the fact that the headmistress , Zoe Neill , was incapable of uttering a sentence which did not contain a word for excrement or a word for copulation .
there was nothing incongruous about the fact that the headmistress , zoe neill , was incapable of uttering a sentence which did not [have] a word for excrement or a word for copulation .

Thus it relies on the most fragrant of spices and should never contain anything hot .
thus it relies on the most fragrant of spices and should never [have] anything hot .

Then there are still doubts over the future of the custard cream biscuit — whose name suggests to Brussels bureaucrats ingredients which it does not contain .
then there are still doubts over the future of the custard cream biscuit — whose name suggests to brussels bureaucrats ingredients which it does not [have] .

Joyce scholars were also disappointed that the archive does not contain any of the erotic letters reputedly written in 1909 by his wife , Nora , which are thought to have inspired the character Molly Bloom in Ulysses , his most famous novel .
joyce scholars were also disappointed that the archive does not [have] any of the erotic letters reputedly written in 1909 by his wife , nora , which are thought to have inspired the character molly bloom in ulysses , his most famous novel .

The glands on the skin contain a powerful irritant which will make any would-be predator think before attempting to eat the salamander .
the glands on the skin [have] a powerful irritant which will make any would-be predator think before attempting to eat the salamander .

The tropical marine aquaria contain a variety of invertebrates including sea anemones , shrimps and sea slugs .
the tropical marine aquaria [have] a variety of invertebrates including sea anemones , shrimps and sea slugs .

Each group is illustrated in the plates by a typical species , but of course all the groups contain many species , and any specimen the reader is likely to find will probably differ from the one chosen for illustration in several details .
each group is illustrated in the plates by a typical species , but of course all the groups [have] many species , and any specimen the reader is likely to find will probably differ from the one chosen for illustration in several details .

Not all sponges contain hard parts capable of being fossilized .
not all sponges [have] hard parts capable of being fossilized .

Of course , the rocks that contain abundant plant remains are mostly those which were deposited in freshwater lakes , or on deltas , or the fossilized remains of peat beds .
of course , the rocks that [have] abundant plant remains are mostly those which were deposited in freshwater lakes , or on deltas , or the fossilized remains of peat beds .

This is a typical ‘ coal shale ’ ; shales and silts occurring between productive coal seams often contain impressions of the plants that went to form the coal .
this is a typical ‘ coal shale ’ ; shales and silts occurring between productive coal seams often [have] impressions of the plants that went to form the coal .

Sometimes they occur with cherty rocks that contain the remains of indubitably planktonic radiolaria .
sometimes they occur with cherty rocks that [have] the remains of indubitably planktonic radiolaria .

Trent could no longer contain his loathing for the Latino .
trent could no longer [have] his loathing for the latino .

Once all water which contains or could on present trends contain , 50 mg/litre nitrate is designated ‘ vulnerable ’ , steps would have to be taken to reduce nitrate pollution .
once all water which contains or could on present trends [have] , 50 mg/litre nitrate is designated ‘ vulnerable ’ , steps would have to be taken to reduce nitrate pollution .

It has been pointed out by various ‘ consumer experts ’ and journalists , who feel they have stumbled on a minor scandal that deserves an exposé , that many mineral waters contain significant amounts of metals and salts .
it has been pointed out by various ‘ consumer experts ’ and journalists , who feel they have stumbled on a minor scandal that deserves an exposé , that many mineral waters [have] significant amounts of metals and salts .

The recent sediments contain soot characteristic of fuel-oil , which has been extensively used only since 1940 , and magnetic particles which , says Battarbee , ‘ are predominantly spherical and can be identified as power station fly-ash . ’
the recent sediments [have] soot characteristic of fuel-oil , which has been extensively used only since 1940 , and magnetic particles which , says battarbee , ‘ are predominantly spherical and can be identified as power station fly-ash . ’

These forests contain many species of trees ( dominated by a mix of beech , spruce and fir ) , hundreds of wild flowers , deep carpets of moss and many lichens .
these forests [have] many species of trees ( dominated by a mix of beech , spruce and fir ) , hundreds of wild flowers , deep carpets of moss and many lichens .

He pointed out that a cubic metre of air over the affected forests had been found to contain 400 mainly unknown but man-made organic compounds .
he pointed out that a cubic metre of air over the affected forests had been found to [have] 400 mainly unknown but man-made organic compounds .

As Hannah Arendt has shown , in times of crisis the existence of a formless mass can become the basis for a totalitarian dictatorship ; in times of prosperity it can lead to an all-encompassing smugness and self-satisfaction and to the existence of a regime which knows no criticism , no control and , above all , no real opposition and thus no arguments which contain alternatives .
as hannah arendt has shown , in times of crisis the existence of a formless mass can become the basis for a totalitarian dictatorship ; in times of prosperity it can lead to an all-encompassing smugness and self-satisfaction and to the existence of a regime which knows no criticism , no control and , above all , no real opposition and thus no arguments which [have] alternatives .

Moreover , Bismarck sold the idea of the Empire to the other states by saying that it would contain Prussia .
moreover , bismarck sold the idea of the empire to the other states by saying that it would [have] prussia .

The centre also has access to a number of marketing-oriented databases that contain full-text market reports , company information and extracts from trade journals and the press .
the centre also has access to a number of marketing-oriented databases that [have] full-text market reports , company information and extracts from trade journals and the press .

Pushing it towards the door they could hardly contain their excitement until Endill stopped in his tracks , realising they had made a terrible mistake .
pushing it towards the door they could hardly [have] their excitement until endill stopped in his tracks , realising they had made a terrible mistake .

It is rumoured to contain many answers but no-one can open it .
it is rumoured to [have] many answers but no-one can open it .

Small back streets run higgledy-piggledy back up the hill from the golden , sandy beach and the main prom , and these contain a jumble of small bars , Spanish and seafood restaurants , Bodegas with wine barrels stretching from floor to ceiling , and wonderful shops selling leather , shoes and denim at remarkable prices .
small back streets run higgledy-piggledy back up the hill from the golden , sandy beach and the main prom , and these [have] a jumble of small bars , spanish and seafood restaurants , bodegas with wine barrels stretching from floor to ceiling , and wonderful shops selling leather , shoes and denim at remarkable prices .

Different foods contain different nutrients .
different foods [have] different nutrients .

Calcareous regosols contain free calcium carbonate in the parent material , shelly sand .
calcareous regosols [have] free calcium carbonate in the parent material , shelly sand .

Brown calcareous soils contain carbonate materials in the form of rock or shell fragments .
brown calcareous soils [have] carbonate materials in the form of rock or shell fragments .

Hollows contain dense Festuca rubra , Agrostis stolonifera and Potentilla anserina , which is one of the communities of mesotrophic grassland .
hollows [have] dense festuca rubra , agrostis stolonifera and potentilla anserina , which is one of the communities of mesotrophic grassland .

For example , many schools , colleges and environmental groups have spent time in remote islands , producing for their own use reports which contain botanical information which remains rather inaccessible .
for example , many schools , colleges and environmental groups have spent time in remote islands , producing for their own use reports which [have] botanical information which remains rather inaccessible .

Yarrow ( Achillea millefolium ) has one Gaelic name , ‘ the plant that staunches bleeding ’ , as it is reputed to contain an element which aids the clotting of blood .
yarrow ( achillea millefolium ) has one gaelic name , ‘ the plant that staunches bleeding ’ , as it is reputed to [have] an element which aids the clotting of blood .

However , at Foxton they are side-aligned ‘ pounds ’ rather than ‘ ponds ’ , designed to maintain a water supply to each lock , and contain the water which would normally be in the pound between each lock .
however , at foxton they are side-aligned ‘ pounds ’ rather than ‘ ponds ’ , designed to maintain a water supply to each lock , and [have] the water which would normally be in the pound between each lock .

One of these was Tom Potter , a colliery director from Nottinghamshire , whose evidence seem to contain reference to the seed that grew into Foxton Lift .
one of these was tom potter , a colliery director from nottinghamshire , whose evidence seem to [have] reference to the seed that grew into foxton lift .

The stars that punctuate the void contain far too much energy .
the stars that punctuate the void [have] far too much energy .

Living things also employ and contain plenty of other carbon-based materials that do not fit so easily into these neat compartments .
living things also employ and [have] plenty of other carbon-based materials that do not fit so easily into these neat compartments .

Carbohydrates in pure form contain only carbon , hydrogen , and oxygen .
carbohydrates in pure form [have] only carbon , hydrogen , and oxygen .

They are sources of energy — indeed they contain twice as much energy per unit weight as either carbohydrate or protein .
they are sources of energy — indeed they [have] twice as much energy per unit weight as either carbohydrate or protein .

Some wild animals , such as deer , rely heavily on protein — muscle tissue — as a prime source of energy in winter ; and seeds contain storage proteins , such as gluten in wheat , hordein in barley and zein in maize .
some wild animals , such as deer , rely heavily on protein — muscle tissue — as a prime source of energy in winter ; and seeds [have] storage proteins , such as gluten in wheat , hordein in barley and zein in maize .

Sulphur is important too , as some common amino acids also contain small amounts of this element , and virtually all natural proteins contain some of these sulphur-containing amino acids .
sulphur is important too , as some common amino acids also [have] small amounts of this element , and virtually all natural proteins [have] some of these sulphur-containing amino acids .

Proteins and nucleic acids also contain nitrogen .
proteins and nucleic acids also [have] nitrogen .

Well , note first of all that the various gases that are thought to have made up the early atmosphere contain most of the main elements that are known to be essential to life : carbon , nitrogen , sulphur , hydrogen , and oxygen — though the oxygen was not ‘ free ’ , but was combined for example with carbon in carbon monoxide .
well , note first of all that the various gases that are thought to have made up the early atmosphere [have] most of the main elements that are known to be essential to life : carbon , nitrogen , sulphur , hydrogen , and oxygen — though the oxygen was not ‘ free ’ , but was combined for example with carbon in carbon monoxide .

They contain sufficient biochemical machinery to sustain life , all surrounded by a ‘ proper ’ cell membrane made from protein and fat .
they [have] sufficient biochemical machinery to sustain life , all surrounded by a ‘ proper ’ cell membrane made from protein and fat .

We know , too , that meteorites often do contain complex organic molecules .
we know , too , that meteorites often do [have] complex organic molecules .

They contain complex organic molecules ; but they are not just bundles of organic molecules .
they [have] complex organic molecules ; but they are not just bundles of organic molecules .

Thus , virtually all eukaryotic cells contain mitochondria , which contain many of the enzymes that carry out respiration ; the mitochondria are commonly known as the ‘ powerhouses of the cell ’ .
thus , virtually all eukaryotic cells [have] mitochondria , which [have] many of the enzymes that carry out respiration ; the mitochondria are commonly known as the ‘ powerhouses of the cell ’ .

Plant cells typically contain a sac of water within the cytoplasm ( a vacuole ) which is held in place by the cellulose cell wall , and the whole water-filled cell provides an excellent building block .
plant cells typically [have] a sac of water within the cytoplasm ( a vacuole ) which is held in place by the cellulose cell wall , and the whole water-filled cell provides an excellent building block .

Plant cells contain a vacuole of water held in place by a cellulose cell wall ( above left ) , and leaves wilt if the water evaporates faster than it can be replaced ( below ) .
plant cells [have] a vacuole of water held in place by a cellulose cell wall ( above left ) , and leaves wilt if the water evaporates faster than it can be replaced ( below ) .

Water that has evaporated and condensed in the upper atmosphere , and then falls as rain , should be pure , except for a little carbon dioxide picked up on the way down ( although in fact , these days , it tends also to contain a whole catalogue of pollutants ) .
water that has evaporated and condensed in the upper atmosphere , and then falls as rain , should be pure , except for a little carbon dioxide picked up on the way down ( although in fact , these days , it tends also to [have] a whole catalogue of pollutants ) .

Water can contain vast amounts of heat energy .
water can [have] vast amounts of heat energy .

The waters beneath the plankton contain no plants , but they are full of creatures feeding upon the plankton above , or on the bottom dwellers below , or which are migrating from one rich feeding ground to another .
the waters beneath the plankton [have] no plants , but they are full of creatures feeding upon the plankton above , or on the bottom dwellers below , or which are migrating from one rich feeding ground to another .

Other places may contain only a few species , yet the biomass at least at some seasons can be very high ; and this is true of the Arctic and Antarctic oceans .
other places may [have] only a few species , yet the biomass at least at some seasons can be very high ; and this is true of the arctic and antarctic oceans .

Other places contain a huge variety of species and have a high biomass .
other places [have] a huge variety of species and have a high biomass .

No-one has ever been able to explain precisely why the tropical forests and coral reefs contain so many species , but the two habitats do have several obvious features in common .
no-one has ever been able to explain precisely why the tropical forests and coral reefs [have] so many species , but the two habitats do have several obvious features in common .

They also provide three-dimensional environments of enormous physical complexity , and hence contain numerous different niches , each of which might be exploited in many different ways , and in many different permutations .
they also provide three-dimensional environments of enormous physical complexity , and hence [have] numerous different niches , each of which might be exploited in many different ways , and in many different permutations .

Coral reefs contain a greater variety of species than any other habitat except for tropical forests .
coral reefs [have] a greater variety of species than any other habitat except for tropical forests .

Whereas tropical forests may contain hundreds of species of trees , temperate forests typically contain only a few species ( oak with ash , yew with beech ) or even only one ( as in the redwood or cedar forests of North America ) .
whereas tropical forests may [have] hundreds of species of trees , temperate forests typically [have] only a few species ( oak with ash , yew with beech ) or even only one ( as in the redwood or cedar forests of north america ) .

If the islands where they lived did contain strong jawed predators , such as hyaenas , their heads would make a crunchy snack .
if the islands where they lived did [have] strong jawed predators , such as hyaenas , their heads would make a crunchy snack .

Commonly , they contain species from several different kinds of natural habitat .
commonly , they [have] species from several different kinds of natural habitat .

Corals , which must remain close to the surface of the water because they contain symbiotic algae which photosynthesize , also tend to contain specific pigments to protect them from ultraviolet light .
corals , which must remain close to the surface of the water because they [have] symbiotic algae which photosynthesize , also tend to [have] specific pigments to protect them from ultraviolet light .

Some fungi contain similar compounds .
some fungi [have] similar compounds .

Agriculture will have to be re-thought , because most crops , at present , grow close to their physiological limits ; and present day wildlife reserves may prove unsuitable for the plants and animals they contain , as the climate within them changes .
agriculture will have to be re-thought , because most crops , at present , grow close to their physiological limits ; and present day wildlife reserves may prove unsuitable for the plants and animals they [have] , as the climate within them changes .

Under most conditions , the molecules of oxygen gas contain just two atoms : its formula is 2 Under various influences , however , including electric sparks and exposure to ultraviolet radiation , some of its atoms group in threes , to form molecules with the formula 03 .
under most conditions , the molecules of oxygen gas [have] just two atoms : its formula is 2 under various influences , however , including electric sparks and exposure to ultraviolet radiation , some of its atoms group in threes , to form molecules with the formula 03 .

The cells that contain the chlorophyll that picks up the photons are mostly sandwiched in the spongy heart ( the mesophyll ) of the leaf .
the cells that [have] the chlorophyll that picks up the photons are mostly sandwiched in the spongy heart ( the mesophyll ) of the leaf .

Many such creatures contain nervous organelles that operate independently of the other systems .
many such creatures [have] nervous organelles that operate independently of the other systems .

These thought-systems contain behavioural norms , expectations , ethics , and ideals as well as simpler components probably present in all higher mammals at a non-verbal level .
these thought-systems [have] behavioural norms , expectations , ethics , and ideals as well as simpler components probably present in all higher mammals at a non-verbal level .

The pool is not , however , selected as such ; rather its genetic constituents are constantly reshuffled into individual organisms which contain subsets of gene-pool elements .
the pool is not , however , selected as such ; rather its genetic constituents are constantly reshuffled into individual organisms which [have] subsets of gene-pool elements .

The female , with her heavy investment in producing and raising her babies , is both the spatial and the behavioural focus of the social system while the males compete for ranges that contain mateable females .
the female , with her heavy investment in producing and raising her babies , is both the spatial and the behavioural focus of the social system while the males compete for ranges that [have] mateable females .

Whereas newly formed harems are small , with an active male who is both the dominant animal and the leader within it , older well-established and larger groups contain not only a strongly bonded group of females but a male who no longer leads and whose dominance can also be challenged by a consortium of females .
whereas newly formed harems are small , with an active male who is both the dominant animal and the leader within it , older well-established and larger groups [have] not only a strongly bonded group of females but a male who no longer leads and whose dominance can also be challenged by a consortium of females .

Inspections of local authority homes will be carried out by teams that contain lay inspectors and are independent of the influence of the management of the homes .
inspections of local authority homes will be carried out by teams that [have] lay inspectors and are independent of the influence of the management of the homes .

World-wide pressure to reduce protectionist measures , and the need to contain the cost of the Common Agricultural Policy , mean that farmers will face reduced support and increased competition .
world-wide pressure to reduce protectionist measures , and the need to [have] the cost of the common agricultural policy , mean that farmers will face reduced support and increased competition .

The statements ‘ Martyrs exist ’ and ‘ Martyrs suffer ’ both contain a noun followed by an intransitive verb .
the statements ‘ martyrs exist ’ and ‘ martyrs suffer ’ both [have] a noun followed by an intransitive verb .

It has been pointed out that the only propositions of which this is true are ‘ analytic ’ propositions — those that contain not statements of fact but rules about language .
it has been pointed out that the only propositions of which this is true are ‘ analytic ’ propositions — those that [have] not statements of fact but rules about language .

Judaism and Islam could be called polytheistic religions in the sense that they do contain traditions that represent Jews and Moslems as called upon to choose one of several gods and follow Him to the exclusion of others .
judaism and islam could be called polytheistic religions in the sense that they do [have] traditions that represent jews and moslems as called upon to choose one of several gods and follow him to the exclusion of others .

Indeed their sacred works contain passages that state bluntly that God is completely beyond our understanding and completely unlike anything which we know on earth .
indeed their sacred works [have] passages that state bluntly that god is completely beyond our understanding and completely unlike anything which we know on earth .

It is held by Moslems to contain all the essentials of their belief , and to be a collection of passages of direct revelation uttered by Mohammed ( although not all written down during his lifetime ) .
it is held by moslems to [have] all the essentials of their belief , and to be a collection of passages of direct revelation uttered by mohammed ( although not all written down during his lifetime ) .

Use masking tape to seal around doors to contain the dust — even though the sanding machine has a dust bag .
use masking tape to seal around doors to [have] the dust — even though the sanding machine has a dust bag .

With capillary fittings it is usually impossible to resolder a leading joint because the pipe will contain some water .
with capillary fittings it is usually impossible to resolder a leading joint because the pipe will [have] some water .

Old brass types such as the Portsmouth valve contain a piston with a washer on the end , and this wears out , allowing the valve to drip .
old brass types such as the portsmouth valve [have] a piston with a washer on the end , and this wears out , allowing the valve to drip .

More modern valves contain a diaphragm instead of a washer , and are generally far more reliable .
more modern valves [have] a diaphragm instead of a washer , and are generally far more reliable .

Most reports fail not through lack of facts but because they contain too many .
most reports fail not through lack of facts but because they [have] too many .

The second list tells you which foods naturally contain those items — but remember , if you really can not bring yourself to eat a particular range of foods , it is always possible to take the lacking vitamin in tablet form .
the second list tells you which foods naturally [have] those items — but remember , if you really can not bring yourself to eat a particular range of foods , it is always possible to take the lacking vitamin in tablet form .

But both of these contain caffeine and other chemical stimulants which are quickly absorbed into the bloodstream .
but both of these [have] caffeine and other chemical stimulants which are quickly absorbed into the bloodstream .

Tears actually contain protein and they are a means of ridding the body of potentially harmful chemical wastes .
tears actually [have] protein and they are a means of ridding the body of potentially harmful chemical wastes .

Drink : It is well-known that tea and coffee contain caffeine and that caffeine is a stimulant .
drink : it is well-known that tea and coffee [have] caffeine and that caffeine is a stimulant .

Fruit squashes and many of the more popular carbonated drinks are not only high in caffeine but a large number of them also contain colouring and artificial preservatives ; so too many or these will produce the same effect as an overdose of tea or coffee .
fruit squashes and many of the more popular carbonated drinks are not only high in caffeine but a large number of them also [have] colouring and artificial preservatives ; so too many or these will produce the same effect as an overdose of tea or coffee .

Now select a colour — red , for example — and pick up and remove all the pieces which contain that colour .
now select a colour — red , for example — and pick up and remove all the pieces which [have] that colour .

The action is farcical but the wit and the brilliant dialogue contain a highly intelligent , though good-natured ( and far from earnest ) , satire of Victorian Society as embodied chiefly in the overbearing Lady Bracknell , Wilde 's greatest comic creation .
the action is farcical but the wit and the brilliant dialogue [have] a highly intelligent , though good-natured ( and far from earnest ) , satire of victorian society as embodied chiefly in the overbearing lady bracknell , wilde 's greatest comic creation .

Kits contain a full-colour printed canvas to make an eight-inch panel , wools , needle and instructions , and cost just £13.95 .
kits [have] a full-colour printed canvas to make an eight-inch panel , wools , needle and instructions , and cost just £13.95 .

The irony is that this victory may contain the seeds of eventual defeat .
the irony is that this victory may [have] the seeds of eventual defeat .

Classic versions contain one or sometimes two lemons .
classic versions [have] one or sometimes two lemons .

The main axe is expected to fall on the firm 's back office operations and among administrative staff in an effort to contain expenses .
the main axe is expected to fall on the firm 's back office operations and among administrative staff in an effort to [have] expenses .

As is often the case , they contain some truth and can be used constructively when attempting to deal with jet-lag .
as is often the case , they [have] some truth and can be used constructively when attempting to deal with jet-lag .

These new lipsticks contain thousands of colour fluid capsules which are released every time lips are pressed together — from drinking , or even from kissing !
these new lipsticks [have] thousands of colour fluid capsules which are released every time lips are pressed together — from drinking , or even from kissing !

It is important to differentiate between timbers which have been so badly eaten that their strength has been reduced , necessitating replacement , and those which , though damaged , still contain enough sound wood to continue their original jobs .
it is important to differentiate between timbers which have been so badly eaten that their strength has been reduced , necessitating replacement , and those which , though damaged , still [have] enough sound wood to continue their original jobs .

Thus some affected beams which are riddled with holes and appear to be useless , may be found , on investigation , to contain solid heartwood quite adequate to perform their structural roles .
thus some affected beams which are riddled with holes and appear to be useless , may be found , on investigation , to [have] solid heartwood quite adequate to perform their structural roles .

The original windows of the ‘ east ’ gable and the side walls having become low-level lights closely related to the new upper floor , the fine stained glass they contain can now also be admired at close range .
the original windows of the ‘ east ’ gable and the side walls having become low-level lights closely related to the new upper floor , the fine stained glass they [have] can now also be admired at close range .

In order to ‘ contain ’ the higher profile of the new , glazed aisle roof , the wall was raised slightly with new ironstone masonry , producing a parapet wall under a new sloping stone coping .
in order to ‘ [have] ’ the higher profile of the new , glazed aisle roof , the wall was raised slightly with new ironstone masonry , producing a parapet wall under a new sloping stone coping .

The partitions contain sound insulation and thermal insulation to the level required for inclusion of projects in the Electricity Board 's Civic Shield Award Scheme .
the partitions [have] sound insulation and thermal insulation to the level required for inclusion of projects in the electricity board 's civic shield award scheme .

Claude Lionel Chavasse , suggested that the window might contain a view of St Mark 's itself in the background .
claude lionel chavasse , suggested that the window might [have] a view of st mark 's itself in the background .

As an apologist , he seems totally blind to the fact that the New Testament is just such a collection of old books , which require , if we are to understand them aright , patience and a willingness to listen to scholars who have meditated for a long time on the nature of the ( often quite puzzling and contradictory ) material which they contain .
as an apologist , he seems totally blind to the fact that the new testament is just such a collection of old books , which require , if we are to understand them aright , patience and a willingness to listen to scholars who have meditated for a long time on the nature of the ( often quite puzzling and contradictory ) material which they [have] .

The Epistles of St Paul and the Apocalyptic Book of Revelation contain many high and mystical expressions of belief about Christ but they can not be described as ‘ records ’ of the kind which would compel rational belief .
the epistles of st paul and the apocalyptic book of revelation [have] many high and mystical expressions of belief about christ but they can not be described as ‘ records ’ of the kind which would compel rational belief .

The first three gospels contain no reference to Christ 's having made any such great discourses as fill chapters 13–16 of St John , and since it seems unlikely that the author of the Gospel took notes during the utterance of this sublime discourse , we have to assume them to be a literary creation .
the first three gospels [have] no reference to christ 's having made any such great discourses as fill chapters 13–16 of st john , and since it seems unlikely that the author of the gospel took notes during the utterance of this sublime discourse , we have to assume them to be a literary creation .

This is not to say that it does not contain many magnificent passages , some comic , some sublime .
this is not to say that it does not [have] many magnificent passages , some comic , some sublime .

They contain the sort of resonant imagery and psychological complexity one associates with the most determined European cinema , but within strong narratives that recall the best Hollywood films .
they [have] the sort of resonant imagery and psychological complexity one associates with the most determined european cinema , but within strong narratives that recall the best hollywood films .

to contain the animal natures and the sheer potential for vulgarity of the humans within .
to [have] the animal natures and the sheer potential for vulgarity of the humans within .

‘ We know that , Mr Vigo , ’ he said , wrenching his eyes away and fixing them on an eggshell thin service , made to contain jasmine tea .
‘ we know that , mr vigo , ’ he said , wrenching his eyes away and fixing them on an eggshell thin service , made to [have] jasmine tea .

It was as though the clouds were not themselves mere vapour but impermeable sagging sacks , purposely constructed and hung to contain water .
it was as though the clouds were not themselves mere vapour but impermeable sagging sacks , purposely constructed and hung to [have] water .

They coat the hair with colour and , because they do n't contain peroxide , wo n't dry or damage it .
they coat the hair with colour and , because they do n't [have] peroxide , wo n't dry or damage it .

These wo n't damage you hair at all : in fact because they contain lots of conditioning agents they can make it much more shiny and manageable .
these wo n't damage you hair at all : in fact because they [have] lots of conditioning agents they can make it much more shiny and manageable .

The bottles you buy today contain rain water which fell up to 80 years ago .
the bottles you buy today [have] rain water which fell up to 80 years ago .

Often , products that contain only a few basic ingredients , like Simple , Nivea , Neutrogena and good old Vaseline , are the safest .
often , products that [have] only a few basic ingredients , like simple , nivea , neutrogena and good old vaseline , are the safest .

If the type of foods you eat means that all your meals are heavily loaded with fat then they will contain a lot of energy — and if you do n't take a lot of exercise to burn this up , you will inevitably put on weight .
if the type of foods you eat means that all your meals are heavily loaded with fat then they will [have] a lot of energy — and if you do n't take a lot of exercise to burn this up , you will inevitably put on weight .

These foods contain soluble fibre ( especially oats , split peas , lentils , chickpeas , red kidney beans , soya beans , and haricot beans ) and can prove valuable in helping to reduce cholesterol .
these foods [have] soluble fibre ( especially oats , split peas , lentils , chickpeas , red kidney beans , soya beans , and haricot beans ) and can prove valuable in helping to reduce cholesterol .

Poppies , euphorbias and other flower stems that contain a milky fluid , plus roses , last longer if you dip the stem in boiling water for 30 seconds .
poppies , euphorbias and other flower stems that [have] a milky fluid , plus roses , last longer if you dip the stem in boiling water for 30 seconds .

The Cornwallis Stakes also has the look of a bookmakers ' benefit , but the rugged Somethingdifferent , who ran so well behind Welney in a high-class event at Newbury , could be hard to contain .
the cornwallis stakes also has the look of a bookmakers ' benefit , but the rugged somethingdifferent , who ran so well behind welney in a high-class event at newbury , could be hard to [have] .

Capel 's presence here , though , does not mean that England — and Micky Stewart in particular — have shed their doubts about his ability to contain , and there was no evidence yesterday that Capel has yet acquired the mental capacity to try to bore people out in one-day cricket .
capel 's presence here , though , does not mean that england — and micky stewart in particular — have shed their doubts about his ability to [have] , and there was no evidence yesterday that capel has yet acquired the mental capacity to try to bore people out in one-day cricket .

The fact that the Ward documents may contain the identity of sources may indicate that the informants had already been compromised and were no longer active by 1984 , when the latter of the two memoranda was apparently written .
the fact that the ward documents may [have] the identity of sources may indicate that the informants had already been compromised and were no longer active by 1984 , when the latter of the two memoranda was apparently written .

The Labour Party recently publicised a series of financial projections for nine of the 10 authorities that not even the prospectuses will contain .
the labour party recently publicised a series of financial projections for nine of the 10 authorities that not even the prospectuses will [have] .

Power did count in the end , though , for try as she might Mills could not contain the might of Italy 's Emanuela Pierantozzi , the European champion , who stood a head taller and reached over with a powerful grip .
power did count in the end , though , for try as she might mills could not [have] the might of italy 's emanuela pierantozzi , the european champion , who stood a head taller and reached over with a powerful grip .

The court announced that the charges against Christer Pettersson , a social outcast with a history of manslaughter and drugs offences , did not contain enough evidence for a guilty verdict .
the court announced that the charges against christer pettersson , a social outcast with a history of manslaughter and drugs offences , did not [have] enough evidence for a guilty verdict .

Books and catalogues may contain criticism ; but their writers may think of themselves as art historians , philosophers , aestheticians , anthropologists , historians or biographers , and there are many other possibilities ; their books may never be identified as art criticism .
books and catalogues may [have] criticism ; but their writers may think of themselves as art historians , philosophers , aestheticians , anthropologists , historians or biographers , and there are many other possibilities ; their books may never be identified as art criticism .

Both surveys contain art criticism ; Janson uses his advantage of extra space to include more quotations from artists .
both surveys [have] art criticism ; janson uses his advantage of extra space to include more quotations from artists .

As in books on the philosophy of art , or aesthetics , many do not in fact contain any art criticism , in the sense of description , interpretation and judgement of individual works .
as in books on the philosophy of art , or aesthetics , many do not in fact [have] any art criticism , in the sense of description , interpretation and judgement of individual works .

Art books are expensive to produce , especially if they contain colour illustrations .
art books are expensive to produce , especially if they [have] colour illustrations .

This aside , when the reader has found a monograph , what will it contain ?
this aside , when the reader has found a monograph , what will it [have] ?

However , if biographies of artists are carefully examined , it will be found that they do not necessarily contain much art criticism at all ; a biographer may prefer not to express personal views about the artist 's work ; a book 's main thrust may be to describe the artist 's own aims and ideas .
however , if biographies of artists are carefully examined , it will be found that they do not necessarily [have] much art criticism at all ; a biographer may prefer not to express personal views about the artist 's work ; a book 's main thrust may be to describe the artist 's own aims and ideas .

Occasionally auctions contain items so interesting that critics in newspapers comment on their quality , not just the prices they might fetch .
occasionally auctions [have] items so interesting that critics in newspapers comment on their quality , not just the prices they might fetch .

The needs of pub management in the 1980s have been hard to contain in pubs originally segregated into saloon and public bars , if not into further distinct spaces .
the needs of pub management in the 1980s have been hard to [have] in pubs originally segregated into saloon and public bars , if not into further distinct spaces .

If this were true , then it is hard to see how impairments in face processing could be explained so economically in terms of the cognitive modules that functional models contain .
if this were true , then it is hard to see how impairments in face processing could be explained so economically in terms of the cognitive modules that functional models [have] .

The blisters in shingles may contain active virus .
the blisters in shingles may [have] active virus .

They cost £1.99 each and contain three sachets of seeds in shades of the chosen colour , graded by height into small , medium and large varieties .
they cost £1.99 each and [have] three sachets of seeds in shades of the chosen colour , graded by height into small , medium and large varieties .

The cell walls in the ‘ stings ’ on the stems contain silica , a glass-like substance ; they puncture the skin , and then the irritant poison is released .
the cell walls in the ‘ stings ’ on the stems [have] silica , a glass-like substance ; they puncture the skin , and then the irritant poison is released .

Do n't be tempted to use up the remains of a summer lawn fertiliser , which will contain too much nitrogen .
do n't be tempted to use up the remains of a summer lawn fertiliser , which will [have] too much nitrogen .

Given its spreading tendencies , telekia is not a plant for small gardens unless steps can be taken to contain its roots .
given its spreading tendencies , telekia is not a plant for small gardens unless steps can be taken to [have] its roots .

Preventative sprays of systemic insecticides , and winter washes to kill aphid eggs , are often preferable to spraying establishing colonies which might contain predators .
preventative sprays of systemic insecticides , and winter washes to kill aphid eggs , are often preferable to spraying establishing colonies which might [have] predators .

Bear in mind that cold cures and certain drinks contain prohibited substances that show up in a drugs test .
bear in mind that cold cures and certain drinks [have] prohibited substances that show up in a drugs test .

Part of the reasoning behind the move was the search for an effective policy to contain the violence within Ireland and prevent it from spreading to Britain .
part of the reasoning behind the move was the search for an effective policy to [have] the violence within ireland and prevent it from spreading to britain .

Thus , protestant loyalists fight incorporation into a united Ireland for the reason that their perception of protestantism and their values of polity contain a powerful rejection of catholic monopoly , which they identify with catholicism tout court .
thus , protestant loyalists fight incorporation into a united ireland for the reason that their perception of protestantism and their values of polity [have] a powerful rejection of catholic monopoly , which they identify with catholicism tout court .

It does no such thing ; rather it defines the circumstances and conditions in which a marriage has ceased to be a source of happiness and strength to those involved and may be brought to an end … There is no compulsive power in this amendment , nor will supporting legislation contain any obligation on those who do not wish to do so to use the mechanism it will set up .
it does no such thing ; rather it defines the circumstances and conditions in which a marriage has ceased to be a source of happiness and strength to those involved and may be brought to an end … there is no compulsive power in this amendment , nor will supporting legislation [have] any obligation on those who do not wish to do so to use the mechanism it will set up .

’ Detective Constable Bewman could hardly contain his excitement .
’ detective constable bewman could hardly [have] his excitement .

This somewhat idiosyncratic interpretation is no doubt coloured by the specificities of French history , yet there is little doubt that the British police system is also a political construction of the nineteenth century , created to contain the potential in the newly urbanized working classes for mob disorder , which the excesses of the military had seemed likely to exacerbate rather than disperse .
this somewhat idiosyncratic interpretation is no doubt coloured by the specificities of french history , yet there is little doubt that the british police system is also a political construction of the nineteenth century , created to [have] the potential in the newly urbanized working classes for mob disorder , which the excesses of the military had seemed likely to exacerbate rather than disperse .

Furthermore the ethnography must contain a recognition that the anthropologist within is stepping outside himself to describe how and why he performs within his own culture .
furthermore the ethnography must [have] a recognition that the anthropologist within is stepping outside himself to describe how and why he performs within his own culture .

And the forty-three forces in England and Wales now contain some formidable units , amalgamated out of the small borough , city , and county forces of the pre-1960s , many of which were prone to the whims of corrupt local politicians ( Simey 1988 ) .
and the forty-three forces in england and wales now [have] some formidable units , amalgamated out of the small borough , city , and county forces of the pre-1960s , many of which were prone to the whims of corrupt local politicians ( simey 1988 ) .

Two books in the recent past ( Pope and Weiner 1981 and Thackrah 1985 ) both contain veiled indications of the problems these civil service academics encounter when they write about the police .
two books in the recent past ( pope and weiner 1981 and thackrah 1985 ) both [have] veiled indications of the problems these civil service academics encounter when they write about the police .

Any internal disciplinary measure to contain such an account is much less likely to become of public concern in the way that the Clive Ponting or the Cathy Massiter prosecutions became notorious causes célèbres .
any internal disciplinary measure to [have] such an account is much less likely to become of public concern in the way that the clive ponting or the cathy massiter prosecutions became notorious causes célèbres .

In the accounts of ‘ anthropology at home ’ currently being produced , the potential to include the personal is unlike that which exists here , for only rarely does the research material contain an account in which the analyst is the subject as well as the researcher .
in the accounts of ‘ anthropology at home ’ currently being produced , the potential to include the personal is unlike that which exists here , for only rarely does the research material [have] an account in which the analyst is the subject as well as the researcher .

Many poems contain a critique of poetry , just as many contain a critique of the self-portrayed poet , and of his intention to serve a social or doctrinal system , or of his claim to be a special case .
many poems [have] a critique of poetry , just as many [have] a critique of the self-portrayed poet , and of his intention to serve a social or doctrinal system , or of his claim to be a special case .

This can be reckoned to contain the succession of anecdotes that occurs and the fine detail of working-class life that is provided .
this can be reckoned to [have] the succession of anecdotes that occurs and the fine detail of working-class life that is provided .

Nevertheless , they contain persuasive evidence to indicate that there was more for his people to do , and talk about , that there was more fun , than there is now in some parts of urban Scotland .
nevertheless , they [have] persuasive evidence to indicate that there was more for his people to do , and talk about , that there was more fun , than there is now in some parts of urban scotland .

‘ Some dried pastas do contain egg , which makes the pasta softer .
‘ some dried pastas do [have] egg , which makes the pasta softer .

In France today , mustards may contain roses , lovage , banana or stinging nettles .
in france today , mustards may [have] roses , lovage , banana or stinging nettles .

Some contain antioxidants ( preservatives ) , potassium pyrosulphite or sulphur dioxide .
some [have] antioxidants ( preservatives ) , potassium pyrosulphite or sulphur dioxide .

They may contain any of the basic seed varieties or a combination of all three .
they may [have] any of the basic seed varieties or a combination of all three .

Most modern culture media contain both antibiotics and anti-fungal agents to which the gonococcus is not sensitive , to inhibit the growth of competitive organisms .
most modern culture media [have] both antibiotics and anti-fungal agents to which the gonococcus is not sensitive , to inhibit the growth of competitive organisms .

It was this particular feature that made its isolation so difficult , for it is impossible to grow chlamydia on the normal media used for bacteria , since they do not contain living cells .
it was this particular feature that made its isolation so difficult , for it is impossible to grow chlamydia on the normal media used for bacteria , since they do not [have] living cells .

More important than any lack of efficacy is the very real risk that vaccines prepared from killed or attenuated virus particles may contain carcinogenic elements .
more important than any lack of efficacy is the very real risk that vaccines prepared from killed or attenuated virus particles may [have] carcinogenic elements .

They contain , rather like a blackhead , a plug of material which can be expressed if the lesion is squeezed .
they [have] , rather like a blackhead , a plug of material which can be expressed if the lesion is squeezed .

‘ The standard unit is half a pint or a single spirit measure , but my standard glass , poured with a generous hand , would contain four or five single measures .
‘ the standard unit is half a pint or a single spirit measure , but my standard glass , poured with a generous hand , would [have] four or five single measures .

Foods tend to contain mixtures of these fatty acids , but obviously some foods have higher proportions of some than others .
foods tend to [have] mixtures of these fatty acids , but obviously some foods have higher proportions of some than others .

That does n't mean that men are ten times as easily sexually aroused , but it may contain clues as to why women and men have different patterns of arousal .
that does n't mean that men are ten times as easily sexually aroused , but it may [have] clues as to why women and men have different patterns of arousal .

But some leading shampoos and conditioners contain small amounts of bleaching agents to promote blonde colouring .
but some leading shampoos and conditioners [have] small amounts of bleaching agents to promote blonde colouring .

But it is equally likely to be either one of the pair , and if you average over lots of sperms ( or eggs ) it turns out that half of them contain one allele , half the other .
but it is equally likely to be either one of the pair , and if you average over lots of sperms ( or eggs ) it turns out that half of them [have] one allele , half the other .

If you examine such a male 's sperms you will find that up to 95 per cent of them contain the t gene , only 5 per cent the normal allele .
if you examine such a male 's sperms you will find that up to 95 per cent of them [have] the t gene , only 5 per cent the normal allele .

All contain the same genes , although different genes will be turned on in the different specialist cells .
all [have] the same genes , although different genes will be turned on in the different specialist cells .

If that spore contained the mutant gene , all the cells of the new plant will contain the mutant gene .
if that spore contained the mutant gene , all the cells of the new plant will [have] the mutant gene .

All these pieces of advice contain a certain amount of wisdom .
all these pieces of advice [have] a certain amount of wisdom .

Such a cabinet may contain a battery of fluorescent tubes , and samples should be held about one foot away from it .
such a cabinet may [have] a battery of fluorescent tubes , and samples should be held about one foot away from it .

This bed will contain abundant stores of water and plant nutrients readily available at all times .
this bed will [have] abundant stores of water and plant nutrients readily available at all times .

Finally it will contain the facilities to repair and rebuild itself should any combination of climate , beast , and machine conspire to break the structure down .
finally it will [have] the facilities to repair and rebuild itself should any combination of climate , beast , and machine conspire to break the structure down .

Few soils contain the 40 per cent clay to qualify as true clays ; few are pure silts or pure sands .
few soils [have] the 40 per cent clay to qualify as true clays ; few are pure silts or pure sands .

If he farms near a town he may be able to buy , still very cheaply , municipal compost and sewage sludge , ensuring beforehand that they do not contain poisonous mineral residues such as lead .
if he farms near a town he may be able to buy , still very cheaply , municipal compost and sewage sludge , ensuring beforehand that they do not [have] poisonous mineral residues such as lead .

An acre of average British soil under mixed farming conditions may contain 50,000 burrowing earthworms .
an acre of average british soil under mixed farming conditions may [have] 50,000 burrowing earthworms .

Worm casts have been shown to contain enzymes which continue to break down organic matter even after they have been excreted .
worm casts have been shown to [have] enzymes which continue to break down organic matter even after they have been excreted .

All permanent pasture and most leys contain a large number of grasses , clovers , weeds , and herbs .
all permanent pasture and most leys [have] a large number of grasses , clovers , weeds , and herbs .

Some short leys , mostly sown as fertility-breads in arable rotation or for silage , contain only one or two species of grass or clover .
some short leys , mostly sown as fertility-breads in arable rotation or for silage , [have] only one or two species of grass or clover .

Single-strand fences will restrain cows ; two or three are required for calves , and electric netting or a multi-strand fence is needed to contain sheep .
single-strand fences will restrain cows ; two or three are required for calves , and electric netting or a multi-strand fence is needed to [have] sheep .

Strong wheats contain a large amount of good-quality gluten providing an elastic dough which rises well for baking bread .
strong wheats [have] a large amount of good-quality gluten providing an elastic dough which rises well for baking bread .

Both jokes contain , as jokes frequently do , an essential truth , seeing St Pancras as the symbol of an empire at its height and of an age of aspiration and achievement .
both jokes [have] , as jokes frequently do , an essential truth , seeing st pancras as the symbol of an empire at its height and of an age of aspiration and achievement .

The release must contain all the relevant information — and preferably local contacts as well — that a journalist will need to write the story .
the release must [have] all the relevant information — and preferably local contacts as well — that a journalist will need to write the story .

The vital part is that the press comes to rely on your releases , knowing first that they contain newsworthy stories , and second that the facts can be depended upon .
the vital part is that the press comes to rely on your releases , knowing first that they [have] newsworthy stories , and second that the facts can be depended upon .

More study needs to be made of garden buildings and structures in later Victorian and Edwardian town gardens , which were often laid out on an elaborate scale and contain interesting features that have been entirely forgotten ; these are in danger of destruction as the gardens of suburban houses are divided up for redevelopment .
more study needs to be made of garden buildings and structures in later victorian and edwardian town gardens , which were often laid out on an elaborate scale and [have] interesting features that have been entirely forgotten ; these are in danger of destruction as the gardens of suburban houses are divided up for redevelopment .

Many ancient villages contain venerable barns built of the same materials as local cottages .
many ancient villages [have] venerable barns built of the same materials as local cottages .

First , many are designed by notable Scottish architects ; second , many contain remarkably complete and unaltered interiors ; and third , thanks to prominent towers and spires , most play a major role in the townscape .
first , many are designed by notable scottish architects ; second , many [have] remarkably complete and unaltered interiors ; and third , thanks to prominent towers and spires , most play a major role in the townscape .

If we follow this , the play with conventions , in television narrative subgenres as much as in language , may not simply be a classical ( or postmodern ) fascination with language games , but may also contain a ‘ naturalist ’ ( or modernist ) desire to revitalize forms that have become stale and hackneyed , and are no longer adequate to the world in which people believe .
if we follow this , the play with conventions , in television narrative subgenres as much as in language , may not simply be a classical ( or postmodern ) fascination with language games , but may also [have] a ‘ naturalist ’ ( or modernist ) desire to revitalize forms that have become stale and hackneyed , and are no longer adequate to the world in which people believe .

It was named tyrothricin and was later shown to contain two polypeptide components , which were named gramicidin and tyrocidine .
it was named tyrothricin and was later shown to [have] two polypeptide components , which were named gramicidin and tyrocidine .

It is perhaps surprising that plant tissues contain substances which affect animals , but plants have always been a useful source of drugs , and indigenous remedies from all parts of the world were studied when research interests expanded after 1945 .
it is perhaps surprising that plant tissues [have] substances which affect animals , but plants have always been a useful source of drugs , and indigenous remedies from all parts of the world were studied when research interests expanded after 1945 .

It must be remembered , too , that plants which contain medicinally active substances often do not contain them all the time in all their parts .
it must be remembered , too , that plants which [have] medicinally active substances often do not [have] them all the time in all their parts .

The earliest human records contain evidence of the use of substances which alter mood or behaviour .
the earliest human records [have] evidence of the use of substances which alter mood or behaviour .

Clearly these libraries might contain information that would be of use to an enemy .
clearly these libraries might [have] information that would be of use to an enemy .

Round peas contain much more starch than the wrinkled variety which contain more sugar .
round peas [have] much more starch than the wrinkled variety which [have] more sugar .

Dr Martin 's team have shown that the wrinkled peas contain a defective gene for this enzyme and fail to make it .
dr martin 's team have shown that the wrinkled peas [have] a defective gene for this enzyme and fail to make it .

Horner 's fierce forehand had been her best weapon , but Soutter was able to contain it with steady and accurate driving and a calm mind .
horner 's fierce forehand had been her best weapon , but soutter was able to [have] it with steady and accurate driving and a calm mind .

Most polyester duvets contain the most technically advanced non-allergenic filling which have the advantage of being machine washable .
most polyester duvets [have] the most technically advanced non-allergenic filling which have the advantage of being machine washable .

It has brought claims that the police have failed even to recognise the nature of the problem , much less contain it .
it has brought claims that the police have failed even to recognise the nature of the problem , much less [have] it .

But he appealed to the students to contain their passion and to show a measure of reason .
but he appealed to the students to [have] their passion and to show a measure of reason .

Details of the registers would be available before the bill reached the committee stage but he wanted them to contain enough detail to be wholly credible in the eyes of the public .
details of the registers would be available before the bill reached the committee stage but he wanted them to [have] enough detail to be wholly credible in the eyes of the public .

The Kuwaiti Government , in an bid to contain growing agitation for the revival of a democratic parliament has warned Kuwaitis against holding unauthorised meetings .
the kuwaiti government , in an bid to [have] growing agitation for the revival of a democratic parliament has warned kuwaitis against holding unauthorised meetings .

She seemed willing to go to almost any length to appease , lull his irritation to rest , contain all the exasperation by taking it within herself .
she seemed willing to go to almost any length to appease , lull his irritation to rest , [have] all the exasperation by taking it within herself .

For this reason , most international contracts contain a clause establishing the country in which any legal action under the contract must take place ( a jurisdiction clause ) , and/or a clause establishing that disputes will be referred to arbitration .
for this reason , most international contracts [have] a clause establishing the country in which any legal action under the contract must take place ( a jurisdiction clause ) , and/or a clause establishing that disputes will be referred to arbitration .

In addition , other sources contain data relevant to specific marketing strategy decisions , such as information about demographic , economic , geographic , technological and sociocultural characteristics .
in addition , other sources [have] data relevant to specific marketing strategy decisions , such as information about demographic , economic , geographic , technological and sociocultural characteristics .

An additional benefit of expanding Eccleshall 's book would be that he could extend his interpretative essays , which contain important and subtle reflections on the nature of Conservatism .
an additional benefit of expanding eccleshall 's book would be that he could extend his interpretative essays , which [have] important and subtle reflections on the nature of conservatism .

She envisaged a shop where cleansing lotions would be displayed in simple bottles of all shapes and sizes and which would contain the natural ingredients she had come across during her trips to remote communities .
she envisaged a shop where cleansing lotions would be displayed in simple bottles of all shapes and sizes and which would [have] the natural ingredients she had come across during her trips to remote communities .

The vast waiting lists of the local authorities , as well as the existing local authority houses , contain large numbers of families who , with private enterprise building again at the rate and real cost of the 1930s , would be both able and willing to accommodate themselves at economic rents or prices .
the vast waiting lists of the local authorities , as well as the existing local authority houses , [have] large numbers of families who , with private enterprise building again at the rate and real cost of the 1930s , would be both able and willing to accommodate themselves at economic rents or prices .

This large and increasing number of old , and very old , people will contain a high proportion of individuals who have either no family setting and connections , or at any rate none that is of practical relevance to their way of life .
this large and increasing number of old , and very old , people will [have] a high proportion of individuals who have either no family setting and connections , or at any rate none that is of practical relevance to their way of life .

Maggie clung to the privacy of her room , as small children do to their teddy bears ; she never invited her friends there , preferring to contain them in the large sitting-room below .
maggie clung to the privacy of her room , as small children do to their teddy bears ; she never invited her friends there , preferring to [have] them in the large sitting-room below .

This should contain band photos , a demo tape and a biography .
this should [have] band photos , a demo tape and a biography .

In some cases such strife has proved to be recurrent over twenty years , as in Zaire , Sudan , and Burundi and in others more or less endemic , as in Chad and Uganda and in Ethiopia in its fight to contain Eritrea .
in some cases such strife has proved to be recurrent over twenty years , as in zaire , sudan , and burundi and in others more or less endemic , as in chad and uganda and in ethiopia in its fight to [have] eritrea .

In an attempt to try to contain the pressure for such changes donors adopted in the 1970s a strategy of establishing semi-autonomous project units , which were nominally attached to national ministries , but in fact were more or less independent of them .
in an attempt to try to [have] the pressure for such changes donors adopted in the 1970s a strategy of establishing semi-autonomous project units , which were nominally attached to national ministries , but in fact were more or less independent of them .

Individuals who wish to travel alone or in small groups may refer to Saga 's latest brochures , whick contain details of holidays to all of these countries , though obviously not to the specific locations .
individuals who wish to travel alone or in small groups may refer to saga 's latest brochures , whick [have] details of holidays to all of these countries , though obviously not to the specific locations .

These are the possibilities , but what measures should next Tuesday 's budget contain ? To find out we asked a number of interested parties for their own budget proposals .
these are the possibilities , but what measures should next tuesday 's budget [have] ? to find out we asked a number of interested parties for their own budget proposals .

Thinking it possible that London 's streets would contain martyrs cudgelled to death , he wondered if that might be no bad thing .
thinking it possible that london 's streets would [have] martyrs cudgelled to death , he wondered if that might be no bad thing .

When this failed to contain local spending sufficiently , volume targets were introduced together with penalties in the form of loss of central government grant if local authorities exceeded their targets .
when this failed to [have] local spending sufficiently , volume targets were introduced together with penalties in the form of loss of central government grant if local authorities exceeded their targets .

But their very strangeness also helps us see how transgression is produced by the measures taken to contain it : the more elaborate the classifications , the more opportunity there was to transgress , and , quite possibly , the greater the attraction of transgression .
but their very strangeness also helps us see how transgression is produced by the measures taken to [have] it : the more elaborate the classifications , the more opportunity there was to transgress , and , quite possibly , the greater the attraction of transgression .

We might say that Love 's Cure produces transgression precisely in order to contain it , and in the most insidiously ideological way : the deviant desire which initially appeared to contradict nature is reconstituted by nature in accord with her ( ? )
we might say that love 's cure produces transgression precisely in order to [have] it , and in the most insidiously ideological way : the deviant desire which initially appeared to contradict nature is reconstituted by nature in accord with her ( ? )

Either nature does not contain it or nature contains too much to be conceived any longer as natural .
either nature does not [have] it or nature contains too much to be conceived any longer as natural .

Perceptions contain no element of approval or disapproval though they may trigger a reaction in terms of approval .
perceptions [have] no element of approval or disapproval though they may trigger a reaction in terms of approval .

We shall therefore only look at some of the writings we could have considered , and concentrate on those works which contain a large proportion of anthropological discussion .
we shall therefore only look at some of the writings we could have considered , and concentrate on those works which [have] a large proportion of anthropological discussion .

They contain much expansion , however , of the ideas found in the more finished work of that period : the three volumes of Capital and the short Preface to a Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy .
they [have] much expansion , however , of the ideas found in the more finished work of that period : the three volumes of capital and the short preface to a contribution to the critique of political economy .

We do know what came from Marx in The Origin because we possess Marx 's notes on some of the anthropological works he examined , and these notes contain passages later incorporated into Engels 's book .
we do know what came from marx in the origin because we possess marx 's notes on some of the anthropological works he examined , and these notes [have] passages later incorporated into engels 's book .

Some Marxist anthropologists have argued that units which do not contain classes are not true states , and of course , in these cases , by definition there can not be classless states .
some marxist anthropologists have argued that units which do not [have] classes are not true states , and of course , in these cases , by definition there can not be classless states .

If the legislation did contain a requirement for authorities to keep to drug budgets , ‘ we shall be shouting ‘ foul ’ loud and clear , ’ Dr Field said .
if the legislation did [have] a requirement for authorities to keep to drug budgets , ‘ we shall be shouting ‘ foul ’ loud and clear , ’ dr field said .

But there are short- and medium-term measures that can contain and ease the problems .
but there are short- and medium-term measures that can [have] and ease the problems .

The Thai medicinal plant Croton sublyratus , which is used in traditional medicine , has recently been found to contain the antiulcer acyclic terpenoid plaunotol ( 17 ) which is similar in structure to gefarnate .
the thai medicinal plant croton sublyratus , which is used in traditional medicine , has recently been found to [have] the antiulcer acyclic terpenoid plaunotol ( 17 ) which is similar in structure to gefarnate .

Most chapters contain one or more ‘ general methods ’ , a step-by-step procedure for performing a particular purification — eg of membrane proteins — or for separation of proteins to a grade necessary for sequencing , or therapeutic use .
most chapters [have] one or more ‘ general methods ’ , a step-by-step procedure for performing a particular purification — eg of membrane proteins — or for separation of proteins to a grade necessary for sequencing , or therapeutic use .

The rest of the youngsters were having problems trying to contain their laughter .
the rest of the youngsters were having problems trying to [have] their laughter .

We all contain the seeds within us of terrible violence and evil as well as the power to do tremendous good .
we all [have] the seeds within us of terrible violence and evil as well as the power to do tremendous good .

The first commercially available products from this group of drugs for anti-bacterial chemotherapy were the fluoroquinolones , which bore very little resemblance to the nalidixic acid derivatives that did not contain fluorine .
the first commercially available products from this group of drugs for anti-bacterial chemotherapy were the fluoroquinolones , which bore very little resemblance to the nalidixic acid derivatives that did not [have] fluorine .

Just under half of the fifty-one social work records examined did not contain a specific reference to the exact nature of the abuse , making opaque references to ‘ sexual abuse ’ , ‘ interference ’ and ‘ molestation ’ .
just under half of the fifty-one social work records examined did not [have] a specific reference to the exact nature of the abuse , making opaque references to ‘ sexual abuse ’ , ‘ interference ’ and ‘ molestation ’ .

As described , he had to contain the troublesome region of Benevento , but another power also held parts of southern Italy , the Eastern Empire based at Constantinople .
as described , he had to [have] the troublesome region of benevento , but another power also held parts of southern italy , the eastern empire based at constantinople .

Nevertheless , since it is impossible to obtain a clear picture of the Yugoslav economic system , and of the origin of its present economic difficulties , without giving attention to its monetary institutions and policies , this section will contain an outline of the main characteristics of these institutions and policies .
nevertheless , since it is impossible to obtain a clear picture of the yugoslav economic system , and of the origin of its present economic difficulties , without giving attention to its monetary institutions and policies , this section will [have] an outline of the main characteristics of these institutions and policies .

Warrington set out to contain Widnes in their own half and pressure them into mistakes , and met with early success on both counts .
warrington set out to [have] widnes in their own half and pressure them into mistakes , and met with early success on both counts .

The end was in sight for a number of them that day in Chorzow : Alan Ball , sent off , unable to contain his frustration ; Ramsey , the most successful of England 's managers , sacked within a year .
the end was in sight for a number of them that day in chorzow : alan ball , sent off , unable to [have] his frustration ; ramsey , the most successful of england 's managers , sacked within a year .

Today 's Green Paper is expected to contain two separate methods of enabling employers to take action in the civil courts against the organisers of unofficial strikes .
today 's green paper is expected to [have] two separate methods of enabling employers to take action in the civil courts against the organisers of unofficial strikes .

But the law does contain such offences , and it is more a matter of prosecutors making little use of them .
but the law does [have] such offences , and it is more a matter of prosecutors making little use of them .

However , in addition to all these specific offences of endangerment , English law does contain one fairly wide-ranging offence , and that is the aggravated offence of criminal damage .
however , in addition to all these specific offences of endangerment , english law does [have] one fairly wide-ranging offence , and that is the aggravated offence of criminal damage .

One drawback of this style of argument is that not only is the harm serious for the victim , but conviction for such an offence is serious for the defendant : a single class of offenders ( rapists , serious wounders ) would contain not only those with subjective fault but also those who merely failed to take proper care , all of whom would be convict.ed of a grave offence carrying a maximum of life imprisonment .
one drawback of this style of argument is that not only is the harm serious for the victim , but conviction for such an offence is serious for the defendant : a single class of offenders ( rapists , serious wounders ) would [have] not only those with subjective fault but also those who merely failed to take proper care , all of whom would be convict.ed of a grave offence carrying a maximum of life imprisonment .

Contain your enthusiasm
[have] your enthusiasm

In such a distinctly chic composition this hybrid between trelliswork and pergola helps contain the garden at ground level rather than allowing the view to be dominated by the high surrounding urban walls .
in such a distinctly chic composition this hybrid between trelliswork and pergola helps [have] the garden at ground level rather than allowing the view to be dominated by the high surrounding urban walls .

It seemed almost too small to contain the swelling plumpness of her upper body .
it seemed almost too small to [have] the swelling plumpness of her upper body .

The few weapons that are made of arsenical copper contain more arsenic than the tools , thus making them potentially harder .
the few weapons that are made of arsenical copper [have] more arsenic than the tools , thus making them potentially harder .

Under the polarising microscope they contain coarse grains which show multicoloured areas , corresponding to interference colours caused by the presence of particular minerals .
under the polarising microscope they [have] coarse grains which show multicoloured areas , corresponding to interference colours caused by the presence of particular minerals .

Other very distinctive thin sections were found for vessels with a distinctive rilled decoration which contain the minerals feldspar , mica and quartz : these are fragments of a granite .
other very distinctive thin sections were found for vessels with a distinctive rilled decoration which [have] the minerals feldspar , mica and quartz : these are fragments of a granite .

But the technique was soon applied to objects which contain substantial amounts of lead , particular glazes and glasses rich in lead , such as enamels .
but the technique was soon applied to objects which [have] substantial amounts of lead , particular glazes and glasses rich in lead , such as enamels .

However research has shown that even in copper objects containing no deliberately added lead , the small amounts of lead present in the original ore ( and transferred to the finished metal during smelting ) contain a ‘ signature ’ in lead isotope ratios of the copper ore body .
however research has shown that even in copper objects containing no deliberately added lead , the small amounts of lead present in the original ore ( and transferred to the finished metal during smelting ) [have] a ‘ signature ’ in lead isotope ratios of the copper ore body .

Unlike habitation sites , they have little domestic refuse and , unlike cemetery sites , they do not normally contain burials .
unlike habitation sites , they have little domestic refuse and , unlike cemetery sites , they do not normally [have] burials .

The ceramic and soil contain minute quantities of uranium , thorium and potassium which are radioactive , and when these decay they produce alpha , beta and gamma radiation ( potassium contributes only to the beta and gamma components ) .
the ceramic and soil [have] minute quantities of uranium , thorium and potassium which are radioactive , and when these decay they produce alpha , beta and gamma radiation ( potassium contributes only to the beta and gamma components ) .

Thermoluminescence is emitted because crystal lattices contain defects , and electrons produced by the ionising radiation may become trapped at one type of defect ( a ‘ trap ’ ) .
thermoluminescence is emitted because crystal lattices [have] defects , and electrons produced by the ionising radiation may become trapped at one type of defect ( a ‘ trap ’ ) .

However , other stones and sediments interspersed with these contain far greater amounts of radioactivity .
however , other stones and sediments interspersed with these [have] far greater amounts of radioactivity .

For instance , when one of the British Museum 's most magnificent Etruscan bronze vessels was similarly analysed on the surface and found to contain zinc , there was understandably some consternation .
for instance , when one of the british museum 's most magnificent etruscan bronze vessels was similarly analysed on the surface and found to [have] zinc , there was understandably some consternation .

Modem glass also tends to contain a greater range of other metals such as arsenic and zinc .
modem glass also tends to [have] a greater range of other metals such as arsenic and zinc .

For example , almost all sources of silver naturally contain a little gold , and ancient silver artefacts typically have gold contents in the range of 0.1 to 1.0 per cent .
for example , almost all sources of silver naturally [have] a little gold , and ancient silver artefacts typically have gold contents in the range of 0.1 to 1.0 per cent .

Modern gold solders often contain several per cent of cadmium , small amounts of which significantly lower the melting point of the alloy without affecting the colour of the metal too badly .
modern gold solders often [have] several per cent of cadmium , small amounts of which significantly lower the melting point of the alloy without affecting the colour of the metal too badly .

We know that all the lapis lazuli used in the ancient Middle East came from a single source in the Badakshan Valley , Afghanistan , but this source does not contain wollastonite .
we know that all the lapis lazuli used in the ancient middle east came from a single source in the badakshan valley , afghanistan , but this source does not [have] wollastonite .

However , lapis from the region of Lake Baikal in Siberia does contain wollastonite , although this source was not worked until the nineteenth century .
however , lapis from the region of lake baikal in siberia does [have] wollastonite , although this source was not worked until the nineteenth century .

Many organic binders contain molecules which fluoresce when excited by ultra-violet radiation .
many organic binders [have] molecules which fluoresce when excited by ultra-violet radiation .

The British Museum 's collections contain a pair of dressed fleas from Mexico .
the british museum 's collections [have] a pair of dressed fleas from mexico .

An inventory should contain sufficient information to enable the unequivocal identification of an object .
an inventory should [have] sufficient information to enable the unequivocal identification of an object .

If we exclude these brief references , we can say that 290 of the 444 interviews contain no memories of any grandparent .
if we exclude these brief references , we can say that 290 of the 444 interviews [have] no memories of any grandparent .

Degreasers : Although a suitable description for specific products this term is also applied to engineering products which contain mineral solvents and other chemicals quite unstable for use in food environments .
degreasers : although a suitable description for specific products this term is also applied to engineering products which [have] mineral solvents and other chemicals quite unstable for use in food environments .

They can be laid to direct or contain flow or to form a dam , the pooling so caused being easier to pick up by wet vacuum than widespread water films .
they can be laid to direct or [have] flow or to form a dam , the pooling so caused being easier to pick up by wet vacuum than widespread water films .

Few actual conservation policies contain all these elements and it is difficult to attribute them in every case to implicit value judgements .
few actual conservation policies [have] all these elements and it is difficult to attribute them in every case to implicit value judgements .

Other levels contain kindergarten and school classes for three to eleven year-olds .
other levels [have] kindergarten and school classes for three to eleven year-olds .

He did not feel the presence of the dead poet in the room , but he did have a vague excited sense that any of these containers — the desk , the trunks , the hat-boxes , might contain some treasure like the faded letters in his own breast-pocket .
he did not feel the presence of the dead poet in the room , but he did have a vague excited sense that any of these containers — the desk , the trunks , the hat-boxes , might [have] some treasure like the faded letters in his own breast-pocket .

Modernism attempted to contain the dark energies of historical nightmare within subtle structures and complex chronologies ; that is , by radicalizing form .
modernism attempted to [have] the dark energies of historical nightmare within subtle structures and complex chronologies ; that is , by radicalizing form .

Both of these novels contain in their opening pages a narrative sequence which acts as a kind of generating cell for the rest of the text — the process of textual production foregrounded in Leçon de choses .
both of these novels [have] in their opening pages a narrative sequence which acts as a kind of generating cell for the rest of the text — the process of textual production foregrounded in leçon de choses .

It is evident that earlier nouveaux romans do contain , although less conspicuously , many of the radical features of the later works .
it is evident that earlier nouveaux romans do [have] , although less conspicuously , many of the radical features of the later works .

It is true that there is a considerable element of self-referentiality in the new narrative , in that many novels contain reflections on the nature of fiction and the problems of writing .
it is true that there is a considerable element of self-referentiality in the new narrative , in that many novels [have] reflections on the nature of fiction and the problems of writing .

Their ability to contain or manage the conflict when this has threatened to engulf them as well as the regional contestants , for example in 1967 and 1973 , contrasts sharply with their inability to transact a peace process which transcends their own rivalry in order to resolve the conflict .
their ability to [have] or manage the conflict when this has threatened to engulf them as well as the regional contestants , for example in 1967 and 1973 , contrasts sharply with their inability to transact a peace process which transcends their own rivalry in order to resolve the conflict .

Furthermore , repeated wars have demonstrated the inability of outsiders to contain the virulence of the conflict once they felt this was desirable , except when the superpowers were both agreed on the necessity to rein in their clients .
furthermore , repeated wars have demonstrated the inability of outsiders to [have] the virulence of the conflict once they felt this was desirable , except when the superpowers were both agreed on the necessity to rein in their clients .

These are : ( i ) no television picture may be used in any light entertainment programmes or programmes designed as political satire ; ( ii ) extracts from televised proceedings may be used in broadcast ‘ magazine ’ programmes which also contain music or humorous features , provided that the different types of item are kept separate ; ( iii ) televised proceedings may not be used in party political broadcasts ; and ( iv ) no extracts of televised proceedings may be used in any form of advertising or publicity , other than in the form of programme trailers .
these are : ( i ) no television picture may be used in any light entertainment programmes or programmes designed as political satire ; ( ii ) extracts from televised proceedings may be used in broadcast ‘ magazine ’ programmes which also [have] music or humorous features , provided that the different types of item are kept separate ; ( iii ) televised proceedings may not be used in party political broadcasts ; and ( iv ) no extracts of televised proceedings may be used in any form of advertising or publicity , other than in the form of programme trailers .

While the official party line remains that the Liberal Democrats would vote against a Queen 's Speech that did not contain a commitment to introduce proportional representation at Westminster , party strategists have not ruled out the option of abstaining .
while the official party line remains that the liberal democrats would vote against a queen 's speech that did not [have] a commitment to introduce proportional representation at westminster , party strategists have not ruled out the option of abstaining .

Hops thus contain both flavour and bittering components making them valuable ingredients in brewing .
hops thus [have] both flavour and bittering components making them valuable ingredients in brewing .

Until a few years ago most wood dyes tended to fade in strong sunlight , but now many of them contain transparent iron oxides , which do not fade and can be used on interior and exterior woodwork .
until a few years ago most wood dyes tended to fade in strong sunlight , but now many of them [have] transparent iron oxides , which do not fade and can be used on interior and exterior woodwork .

Beeswax : is one of the oldest types of finish , although most modern waxes now contain other waxes , such as Carnauba or micro-crystalline waxes , to improve the performance .
beeswax : is one of the oldest types of finish , although most modern waxes now [have] other waxes , such as carnauba or micro-crystalline waxes , to improve the performance .

Modern oils , such as teak and Danish oils , dry in 4–6 hours and usually contain tung oil , which has far better water resistance and durability than linseed oil .
modern oils , such as teak and danish oils , dry in 4–6 hours and usually [have] tung oil , which has far better water resistance and durability than linseed oil .

As they contain water , the first application may cause the grain to raise on some woods , and a light sanding is recommended before applying the second coat .
as they [have] water , the first application may cause the grain to raise on some woods , and a light sanding is recommended before applying the second coat .

THis is because they contain special matting agents , which cause the varnishes to dry with an irregular surface , so that light is reflected at random angles .
this is because they [have] special matting agents , which cause the varnishes to dry with an irregular surface , so that light is reflected at random angles .

They must contain a fungicide for this use ( to inhibit mould growth ) , and the surface needs to be clean , dry and free from cracks or blemishes .
they must [have] a fungicide for this use ( to inhibit mould growth ) , and the surface needs to be clean , dry and free from cracks or blemishes .

Newman came to the answer Rome ; the former friends he left behind in the Church of England replied that the early undivided Church had been the only one wholly to contain this supernatural essence .
newman came to the answer rome ; the former friends he left behind in the church of england replied that the early undivided church had been the only one wholly to [have] this supernatural essence .

regularly validating lists to ensure that they do not contain the names of patients no longer requiring treatment ;
regularly validating lists to ensure that they do not [have] the names of patients no longer requiring treatment ;

This is the last thing President Mikhail Gorbachev needs , as he tries to contain a staggering economic crisis .
this is the last thing president mikhail gorbachev needs , as he tries to [have] a staggering economic crisis .

The diet they 're being fed does n't contain enough energy or calories .
the diet they 're being fed does n't [have] enough energy or calories .

The various viewpoints and their approach walks are entertainingly described in the author 's competent , easy to read style and contain anecdotes , useful information about the legends , history and geology of the area along with other fascinating disclosures .
the various viewpoints and their approach walks are entertainingly described in the author 's competent , easy to read style and [have] anecdotes , useful information about the legends , history and geology of the area along with other fascinating disclosures .

Many of these chemicals also contain chlorine , which is converted to common salt in the gas-cleaning plant .
many of these chemicals also [have] chlorine , which is converted to common salt in the gas-cleaning plant .

Since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not contain even harmonics and an asymmetric one does , a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal .
since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not [have] even harmonics and an asymmetric one does , a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal .

Remember that any compressed or expanded version of a bit image will contain distortions of the original , however , intelligent the algorithms used .
remember that any compressed or expanded version of a bit image will [have] distortions of the original , however , intelligent the algorithms used .

Thus a printer which supports it must contain a Postscript interpreter .
thus a printer which supports it must [have] a postscript interpreter .

for number of DSPs a single line of assembly code may contain four or more sub-instructions and learning how to capitalise on the architecture through efficient use of the instruction set does take time .
for number of dsps a single line of assembly code may [have] four or more sub-instructions and learning how to capitalise on the architecture through efficient use of the instruction set does take time .

Cigarettes thought to contain cannabis , and illegally-sold alcoholic drinks were seized .
cigarettes thought to [have] cannabis , and illegally-sold alcoholic drinks were seized .

One notes in passing that the passages just quoted from Belsey contain abstract nouns , ‘ literature ’ and ‘ criticism ’ , which take active verbs , ‘ represent ’ and ‘ refuse ’ and ‘ provide ’ .
one notes in passing that the passages just quoted from belsey [have] abstract nouns , ‘ literature ’ and ‘ criticism ’ , which take active verbs , ‘ represent ’ and ‘ refuse ’ and ‘ provide ’ .

Against this , Ryan advanced the humanistic belief that the major canonical texts are not inherently reactionary , and that they contain implicit images and models of human freedom which transcend their immediate historical context and which later readers can respond to .
against this , ryan advanced the humanistic belief that the major canonical texts are not inherently reactionary , and that they [have] implicit images and models of human freedom which transcend their immediate historical context and which later readers can respond to .

But the Arab nationalist belief that the two countries contain one Arab people — that there was therefore something immutably wrong in the creation of Greater Lebanon — has never been abandoned .
but the arab nationalist belief that the two countries [have] one arab people — that there was therefore something immutably wrong in the creation of greater lebanon — has never been abandoned .

Booms were used to contain the oil , and tugs sprayed hundreds of gallons of chemical dispersant on the oil , which had initially formed a 100ft slick .
booms were used to [have] the oil , and tugs sprayed hundreds of gallons of chemical dispersant on the oil , which had initially formed a 100ft slick .

Thomson 's songs contain some of his finest work .
thomson 's songs [have] some of his finest work .

Despite that setback , opponents strive to contain the spread of testing through further litigation .
despite that setback , opponents strive to [have] the spread of testing through further litigation .

They added : ‘ We consider the grounds on which the Press Council make their decisions are wrong and their press releases even contain a number of inaccuracies which they are unwilling to correct . ’
they added : ‘ we consider the grounds on which the press council make their decisions are wrong and their press releases even [have] a number of inaccuracies which they are unwilling to correct . ’

Probably the highest-priced mall around the capital , Mazza contains a branch of Nieman-Marcus , the Texas-based department store whose prices are beyond belief and whose Christmas catalogues contain such essentials as solid gold swizzle sticks and stuffed toys with diamonds for eyes .
probably the highest-priced mall around the capital , mazza contains a branch of nieman-marcus , the texas-based department store whose prices are beyond belief and whose christmas catalogues [have] such essentials as solid gold swizzle sticks and stuffed toys with diamonds for eyes .

The rally was held as the government managed to contain a week-long military rebellion that came dangerously close to succeeding .
the rally was held as the government managed to [have] a week-long military rebellion that came dangerously close to succeeding .

In the past month , Mrs Aquino 's popularity has declined , and there was growing disenchantment with her government 's ability to provide adequate transport and power , and to contain corruption .
in the past month , mrs aquino 's popularity has declined , and there was growing disenchantment with her government 's ability to provide adequate transport and power , and to [have] corruption .

Research published in the Lancet casts doubt on the safety of using microwave ovens to heat other foods such as cheese , meat or fish , which contain amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
research published in the lancet casts doubt on the safety of using microwave ovens to heat other foods such as cheese , meat or fish , which [have] amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .

In the past month , Mrs Aquino 's popularity has declined , and there was growing disenchantment with her government 's ability to provide adequate transport and power , and to contain corruption .
in the past month , mrs aquino 's popularity has declined , and there was growing disenchantment with her government 's ability to provide adequate transport and power , and to [have] corruption .

‘ We would have liked to support Olney more , ’ said Taylor , but as Liverpool plundered the middle ground Daley became increasingly peripheral , while Ormondroyd and Platt were needed to contain rather than construct .
‘ we would have liked to support olney more , ’ said taylor , but as liverpool plundered the middle ground daley became increasingly peripheral , while ormondroyd and platt were needed to [have] rather than construct .

Many of these remain in name alone , but there are two mills on the lower reaches that still contain much of interest .
many of these remain in name alone , but there are two mills on the lower reaches that still [have] much of interest .

Reorganisation of classes so that they contain children of more than one age range , changes in swimming or peripatetic music provision are typical of matters which can generate a great deal of heat .
reorganisation of classes so that they [have] children of more than one age range , changes in swimming or peripatetic music provision are typical of matters which can generate a great deal of heat .

Every school is required by law ( Education [ School Information ] Regulations 1981 and Education Reform Act 1988 , Circular 1988 , Circular 14/89 ) to produce a prospectus which must contain at least the following information :
every school is required by law ( education [ school information ] regulations 1981 and education reform act 1988 , circular 1988 , circular 14/89 ) to produce a prospectus which must [have] at least the following information :

The snag is that the prospectus must contain pieces of information which rapidly become dated .
the snag is that the prospectus must [have] pieces of information which rapidly become dated .

In some LEAs school budgets contain a notional element of funding which the school ought to generate through hire of the premises , the school that is unable or unwilling to generate lettings is in effect financially penalised .
in some leas school budgets [have] a notional element of funding which the school ought to generate through hire of the premises , the school that is unable or unwilling to generate lettings is in effect financially penalised .

Hocking calculates that paper cups contain six times as much raw material by weight .
hocking calculates that paper cups [have] six times as much raw material by weight .

According to Hocking , paper cups can not be recycled because they contain chemical additives .
according to hocking , paper cups can not be recycled because they [have] chemical additives .

Although the tunnel lacks much neutral gas , he says , it may contain some ionised gas .
although the tunnel lacks much neutral gas , he says , it may [have] some ionised gas .

Rivers , lakes , soils and the atmosphere , the obvious sources of freshwater , contain about 200 000 cubic kilometres of water — less than one-fiftieth of 1 per cent of the world 's total water supply .
rivers , lakes , soils and the atmosphere , the obvious sources of freshwater , [have] about 200 000 cubic kilometres of water — less than one-fiftieth of 1 per cent of the world 's total water supply .

The rocks of the upper part of the Earth 's crust contain many holes .
the rocks of the upper part of the earth 's crust [have] many holes .

After the oceans , porous rocks contain the Earth 's largest store of water ; one calculation puts the total at more than 50 million cubic kilometres , of which at least 4 million cubic kilometres is freshwater .
after the oceans , porous rocks [have] the earth 's largest store of water ; one calculation puts the total at more than 50 million cubic kilometres , of which at least 4 million cubic kilometres is freshwater .

The museum extends to about twenty rooms on two floors , and the visit starts with a room of ancient weaponry and then moves on to rooms that contain sacred parchments and vestments — some with designs from the school of Leonardo — and lace .
the museum extends to about twenty rooms on two floors , and the visit starts with a room of ancient weaponry and then moves on to rooms that [have] sacred parchments and vestments — some with designs from the school of leonardo — and lace .

The nudes became a favourite meeting place of young men , at which point the local wives and mothers could contain themselves no longer and insisted that they be moved elsewhere , much to the annoyance of the sculptor Ernesto Bazzaro .
the nudes became a favourite meeting place of young men , at which point the local wives and mothers could [have] themselves no longer and insisted that they be moved elsewhere , much to the annoyance of the sculptor ernesto bazzaro .

This is caused by the presence of an additional chromosome ; normal human cells contain forty-six chromosomes , and Down 's babies have forty-seven from the moment of conception .
this is caused by the presence of an additional chromosome ; normal human cells [have] forty-six chromosomes , and down 's babies have forty-seven from the moment of conception .

Mentally handicapped people were first admitted to mental hospitals as a policy of segregation at a time when it was thought most prudent to contain such people in institutions rather than permit them to roam freely in society .
mentally handicapped people were first admitted to mental hospitals as a policy of segregation at a time when it was thought most prudent to [have] such people in institutions rather than permit them to roam freely in society .

Because of the early efforts to contain and isolate mentally handicapped people and because of the lack of distinction between the mentally handicapped and those who may be mentally ill , possibly dangerously so , considerable fears have spread through society about people who live in asylums and ‘ loony bins ’ .
because of the early efforts to [have] and isolate mentally handicapped people and because of the lack of distinction between the mentally handicapped and those who may be mentally ill , possibly dangerously so , considerable fears have spread through society about people who live in asylums and ‘ loony bins ’ .

‘ If you can contain your impatience , ’ Briant said dryly , ‘ these points will be explained .
‘ if you can [have] your impatience , ’ briant said dryly , ‘ these points will be explained .

Both Acts contain provisions specifically concerned with education , of which those concerned with school admissions form part .
both acts [have] provisions specifically concerned with education , of which those concerned with school admissions form part .

The Court of Appeal allowed her to see them , deciding that although the reports might contain information given in confidence , yet the public interest in parties to litigation being able fully to prove their case and so not be denied justice outweighed the public interest in maintaining the confidentiality of pupil files .
the court of appeal allowed her to see them , deciding that although the reports might [have] information given in confidence , yet the public interest in parties to litigation being able fully to prove their case and so not be denied justice outweighed the public interest in maintaining the confidentiality of pupil files .

Although it has not been seen for some time , the manuscript may contain a specimen of Mary Leapor 's handwriting .
although it has not been seen for some time , the manuscript may [have] a specimen of mary leapor 's handwriting .

And claim an equal Empire o'er the World Protests of this sort are difficult to contain within the patriarchal conventions of the tragedy .
and claim an equal empire o'er the world protests of this sort are difficult to [have] within the patriarchal conventions of the tragedy .

The Purefoy Letters contain a number of lists of trees and smaller plants which Philip Leapor brought to their estate ( an example is provided in the first chapter above ) .
the purefoy letters [have] a number of lists of trees and smaller plants which philip leapor brought to their estate ( an example is provided in the first chapter above ) .

Till their stretch 'd Girdles would contain no more
till their stretch 'd girdles would [have] no more

The groups were selected in such a way that each should contain a fairly equal proportion of aristocrats , diplomats , artists , men of letters and distinguished academics .
the groups were selected in such a way that each should [have] a fairly equal proportion of aristocrats , diplomats , artists , men of letters and distinguished academics .

However , 1 in 7 snack bar sandwiches do contain Listeria , with eggs the main worry .
however , 1 in 7 snack bar sandwiches do [have] listeria , with eggs the main worry .

The Emir Bashir the Third , who ruled Mount Lebanon for the Sublime Porte in Istanbul , had been unable to contain the bitter disputes which had broken out between the two communities .
the emir bashir the third , who ruled mount lebanon for the sublime porte in istanbul , had been unable to [have] the bitter disputes which had broken out between the two communities .

In 1842 , the European proposal — which was to contain the seeds of so much grief in the next century — was accepted by the Turks ; Mount Lebanon was divided into two sectors , a Christian canton in the north and a Druze canton in the south , with the main Beirut– Damascus highway marking the boundary between them .
in 1842 , the european proposal — which was to [have] the seeds of so much grief in the next century — was accepted by the turks ; mount lebanon was divided into two sectors , a christian canton in the north and a druze canton in the south , with the main beirut– damascus highway marking the boundary between them .

The visitor enters the gateway of the Armenian patriarchate and first sees the chapel to the left of the cathedral , a small building of yellow stone which appears to contain some religious relics behind sheets of unwashed glass .
the visitor enters the gateway of the armenian patriarchate and first sees the chapel to the left of the cathedral , a small building of yellow stone which appears to [have] some religious relics behind sheets of unwashed glass .

Even today , the bookshops of Hamra Street and Sassine Square contain shelves of expensive photographic records of the fighting , coffee table books with colour plates in which readers can study at their leisure and in detail the last moments of a young Muslim militiaman before the firing squad , the anguished eyes of a Palestinian mother pleading for her family before a hooded gunman , a Christian family lying massacred inside their home .
even today , the bookshops of hamra street and sassine square [have] shelves of expensive photographic records of the fighting , coffee table books with colour plates in which readers can study at their leisure and in detail the last moments of a young muslim militiaman before the firing squad , the anguished eyes of a palestinian mother pleading for her family before a hooded gunman , a christian family lying massacred inside their home .

It was full of couples holding hands and plastic carrier bags that were as likely to contain laundry and groceries as books and revolutionary pamphlets .
it was full of couples holding hands and plastic carrier bags that were as likely to [have] laundry and groceries as books and revolutionary pamphlets .

It seemed to her that the world could not possibly contain a more boring room .
it seemed to her that the world could not possibly [have] a more boring room .

Within this encircling road , lie a series of superb brown trout and sea-trout lochs : Scadavay , with shores that meander round the moor for a distance of more than fifty miles ; full of fishy points and promontories , reputed to contain 365 islands .
within this encircling road , lie a series of superb brown trout and sea-trout lochs : scadavay , with shores that meander round the moor for a distance of more than fifty miles ; full of fishy points and promontories , reputed to [have] 365 islands .

Oats are a ‘ safer ’ feed in that they contain more husk .
oats are a ‘ safer ’ feed in that they [have] more husk .

The cereals would appear to contain enough protein for working horses but certainly not enough for pregnant , lactating ( producing milk ) , or growing horses .
the cereals would appear to [have] enough protein for working horses but certainly not enough for pregnant , lactating ( producing milk ) , or growing horses .

The shaft widens as it descends to form an immense cavern said to be large enough to contain a cathedral .
the shaft widens as it descends to form an immense cavern said to be large enough to [have] a cathedral .

When the Frenchman , Charles Bonnet , was confronted with the argument that if preformation were true the first rabbit would have had to contain 10 10000 preformed embryos , he merely responded by saying that it was always possible , by adding zeros , to crush the imagination under the weight of numbers .
when the frenchman , charles bonnet , was confronted with the argument that if preformation were true the first rabbit would have had to [have] 10 10000 preformed embryos , he merely responded by saying that it was always possible , by adding zeros , to crush the imagination under the weight of numbers .

Within the nucleus are the chromosomes of the cell , which contain the genes .
within the nucleus are the chromosomes of the cell , which [have] the genes .

Unlike the chick they contain no yolk and their growth is dependent on nutrients being supplied by the mother .
unlike the chick they [have] no yolk and their growth is dependent on nutrients being supplied by the mother .

The bumps , or processes , as they are called , contain many cells covered by a cell sheet .
the bumps , or processes , as they are called , [have] many cells covered by a cell sheet .

They contain the same cell types — muscle , tendon , skin , bone , and so on — yet they are different .
they [have] the same cell types — muscle , tendon , skin , bone , and so on — yet they are different .

Muscle cells come from cells that contain the yellow cytoplasm that is present as a crescent-shaped patch in the egg , a grey patch in the egg cytoplasm gives rise to the nervous system , and so on .
muscle cells come from cells that [have] the yellow cytoplasm that is present as a crescent-shaped patch in the egg , a grey patch in the egg cytoplasm gives rise to the nervous system , and so on .

The important conclusion is that all the cells in the body contain the same genetic information ; what makes the cells different is how that genetic information is used .
the important conclusion is that all the cells in the body [have] the same genetic information ; what makes the cells different is how that genetic information is used .

Since the nuclei from one animal contain identical genetic information , all the animals that develop from grafting nuclei taken from one toad into enucleated eggs will be identical .
since the nuclei from one animal [have] identical genetic information , all the animals that develop from grafting nuclei taken from one toad into enucleated eggs will be identical .

While the nuclear transplantation and other experiments make it clear that all nuclei contain the same genetic information , there are exceptions .
while the nuclear transplantation and other experiments make it clear that all nuclei [have] the same genetic information , there are exceptions .

It is as if the promoter regions for luxury proteins contain a list of ‘ addresses ’ at which the gene should be active .
it is as if the promoter regions for luxury proteins [have] a list of ‘ addresses ’ at which the gene should be active .

Antibodies provide highly discriminating probes for distinguishing cells which contain any of the many different molecules against which the antibodies can now be made .
antibodies provide highly discriminating probes for distinguishing cells which [have] any of the many different molecules against which the antibodies can now be made .

In general , a hedge will contain in a 30-yard length one shrub species for every century of its life .
in general , a hedge will [have] in a 30-yard length one shrub species for every century of its life .

The practical reason why it is wise in the long term to give much more careful thought to river and wetland management is that drainage can contain , profoundly , the seeds of its own destruction .
the practical reason why it is wise in the long term to give much more careful thought to river and wetland management is that drainage can [have] , profoundly , the seeds of its own destruction .

The mountains swing away to the east , running into Venezuela , but the volcanic chain after a short gap in the dreary and fever-ridden jungles of the Isthmus of Panama , reappears in full vigour in Costa Rica , and extends throughout the Central American republics of Nicaragua , El Salvador and Guatemala , which are by reputation as unstable and explosive politically as the many volcanoes that they contain .
the mountains swing away to the east , running into venezuela , but the volcanic chain after a short gap in the dreary and fever-ridden jungles of the isthmus of panama , reappears in full vigour in costa rica , and extends throughout the central american republics of nicaragua , el salvador and guatemala , which are by reputation as unstable and explosive politically as the many volcanoes that they [have] .

The West Indian islands contain less than a dozen active volcanoes , all of them congregated in a small arc at the east of the chain , but one of these , Mt Pelee , was responsible for the most lethal eruption of this century .
the west indian islands [have] less than a dozen active volcanoes , all of them congregated in a small arc at the east of the chain , but one of these , mt pelee , was responsible for the most lethal eruption of this century .

The continental crust , taken as a whole , consists of rocks fairly light both in colour and density which contain a lot of silica , silicon dioxide .
the continental crust , taken as a whole , consists of rocks fairly light both in colour and density which [have] a lot of silica , silicon dioxide .

The rocks of the oceanic crust are different in many respects from the ‘ average ’ rocks of the continents : they are black , dense rocks , usually very fine-grained , contain much less silica ( less than 50 per cent ) , and are remarkably uniform , even monotonous in appearance .
the rocks of the oceanic crust are different in many respects from the ‘ average ’ rocks of the continents : they are black , dense rocks , usually very fine-grained , [have] much less silica ( less than 50 per cent ) , and are remarkably uniform , even monotonous in appearance .

All rocks , however , and especially basaltic rocks which contain a lot of iron minerals , are weakly magnetized , and this magnetism can be detected by sensitive instruments .
all rocks , however , and especially basaltic rocks which [have] a lot of iron minerals , are weakly magnetized , and this magnetism can be detected by sensitive instruments .

Rocks are classified chemically according to how much silica ( silicon dioxide ) they contain ; rocks with a lot of silica are known as acid .
rocks are classified chemically according to how much silica ( silicon dioxide ) they [have] ; rocks with a lot of silica are known as acid .

Basic rocks form the other end of the spectrum , they contain much less silicon dioxide , there is no free quartz ( all the silica is present as silicates ) , but there is a lot of feldspar , and a great deal of pyroxene , olivine and oxide minerals .
basic rocks form the other end of the spectrum , they [have] much less silicon dioxide , there is no free quartz ( all the silica is present as silicates ) , but there is a lot of feldspar , and a great deal of pyroxene , olivine and oxide minerals .

These are the rhyolites , which are right at the other end of the spectrum from basalts ; that is to say they are acid , contain a lot of silica and have the same composition as granite .
these are the rhyolites , which are right at the other end of the spectrum from basalts ; that is to say they are acid , [have] a lot of silica and have the same composition as granite .

They are lighter in colour and lower in density than basalts or andesites , and contain fewer dark minerals .
they are lighter in colour and lower in density than basalts or andesites , and [have] fewer dark minerals .

Most volcanic rocks contain some phenocrysts — they are a bit like the pips in raspberry jam .
most volcanic rocks [have] some phenocrysts — they are a bit like the pips in raspberry jam .

The viscous nature of andesite lavas has some interesting side effects , especially in those which approach rhyolites in composition — that is , they contain more silica than an ‘ average ’ andesite .
the viscous nature of andesite lavas has some interesting side effects , especially in those which approach rhyolites in composition — that is , they [have] more silica than an ‘ average ’ andesite .

Unlike most volcanic rocks , obsidian does not contain phenocrysts ; it is , so to speak , all glassy groundmass .
unlike most volcanic rocks , obsidian does not [have] phenocrysts ; it is , so to speak , all glassy groundmass .

Not surprisingly , one result of this is that the pyroclastic material erupted in a Surtseyan eruption is much more highly fragmented than that in a similar basaltic eruption taking place on land , and this in turn means that the deposits produced contain a much greater proportion of very small particles than their Strombolian counterparts .
not surprisingly , one result of this is that the pyroclastic material erupted in a surtseyan eruption is much more highly fragmented than that in a similar basaltic eruption taking place on land , and this in turn means that the deposits produced [have] a much greater proportion of very small particles than their strombolian counterparts .

They found their literary expression in a series of haunting elegies generally considered to contain some of the finest love poetry in the English language .
they found their literary expression in a series of haunting elegies generally considered to [have] some of the finest love poetry in the english language .

The different kinds of survey are confusing , incomplete , and contain too many limitations and provisions .
the different kinds of survey are confusing , incomplete , and [have] too many limitations and provisions .

At the time of writing solicitors are making hay with a flood of complaints about homes found to contain undisclosed faults after the buyer has moved in .
at the time of writing solicitors are making hay with a flood of complaints about homes found to [have] undisclosed faults after the buyer has moved in .

As well as noting down what strikes you as important , try to answer the question , is it right for me and my family ? Are the bedrooms large enough to contain , say , two single beds ? Is the living room the right shape , facing south and with a pleasant view ? If you like a fire , is there a chimney ?
as well as noting down what strikes you as important , try to answer the question , is it right for me and my family ? are the bedrooms large enough to [have] , say , two single beds ? is the living room the right shape , facing south and with a pleasant view ? if you like a fire , is there a chimney ?

Book seems to contain only the following :
book seems to [have] only the following :

Improved police methods might help , writes Harrison , to contain the problem .
improved police methods might help , writes harrison , to [have] the problem .

The right to a valid notice to quit , in writing , served at least four weeks before it is due to expire , and which must also contain certain prescribed information about tenant 's rights .
the right to a valid notice to quit , in writing , served at least four weeks before it is due to expire , and which must also [have] certain prescribed information about tenant 's rights .

Many packaging materials contain highly flammable substances that could make a fire suddenly flare up .
many packaging materials [have] highly flammable substances that could make a fire suddenly flare up .

This is a new requirement for most information systems , which have simply expanded to contain ever more data , relevant and timely or not ; but it is surely little more than good practice should require in the interests of efficient and economical operation .
this is a new requirement for most information systems , which have simply expanded to [have] ever more data , relevant and timely or not ; but it is surely little more than good practice should require in the interests of efficient and economical operation .

The Home Secretary has power to modify or supplement the data protection principles to provide additional safeguards for these categories ; it will be interesting to see what these additional regulations will contain .
the home secretary has power to modify or supplement the data protection principles to provide additional safeguards for these categories ; it will be interesting to see what these additional regulations will [have] .

The cell is the unit of which all living organisms are composed , and most organisms contain vast numbers of them .
the cell is the unit of which all living organisms are composed , and most organisms [have] vast numbers of them .

One in four products from the chemist will contain chemical compounds derived from rainforest plants , and it is estimated that to date only one per cent of rainforest plants have been screened for medical use .
one in four products from the chemist will [have] chemical compounds derived from rainforest plants , and it is estimated that to date only one per cent of rainforest plants have been screened for medical use .

The tropical rainforests of Equador in South America contain between 15,000 and 20,000 plant species , whereas the whole of Europe has only 13,000 .
the tropical rainforests of equador in south america [have] between 15,000 and 20,000 plant species , whereas the whole of europe has only 13,000 .

While methods can be undertaken to contain the release of toxic fumes , most incinerators presently in use are between 13 and 15 years old and do not meet the pollution safety standards required .
while methods can be undertaken to [have] the release of toxic fumes , most incinerators presently in use are between 13 and 15 years old and do not meet the pollution safety standards required .

Fish from these waters contain levels of radiation higher than in any other waters , and levels of radiation in the atmosphere around Sellafield are higher than around any other nuclear site .
fish from these waters [have] levels of radiation higher than in any other waters , and levels of radiation in the atmosphere around sellafield are higher than around any other nuclear site .

The rapid loss of the rainforests ( 11–15 million hectares every year ) is incalculable , as a habitat they contain almost half of all known animal species .
the rapid loss of the rainforests ( 11–15 million hectares every year ) is incalculable , as a habitat they [have] almost half of all known animal species .

as far as possible avoid buying animal products such as coral , ivory , tortoiseshell , reptile skin shoes and handbags , fur coats and any fancy goods which contain any of these . You are only encouraging the trade in animal exploitation , some of which are endangered and many vulnerable
as far as possible avoid buying animal products such as coral , ivory , tortoiseshell , reptile skin shoes and handbags , fur coats and any fancy goods which [have] any of these . you are only encouraging the trade in animal exploitation , some of which are endangered and many vulnerable

Another disturbing feature of the bacteria is its resistance to heat ; cheeses , even those made from pasteurised milk , have been known to contain listeria .
another disturbing feature of the bacteria is its resistance to heat ; cheeses , even those made from pasteurised milk , have been known to [have] listeria .

We must , after all , remember that we can produce sufficient cholesterol within our own bodies and that fats high in polyunsaturates contain the same amount of calories as the original saturated products so they do not aid slimming in any way .
we must , after all , remember that we can produce sufficient cholesterol within our own bodies and that fats high in polyunsaturates [have] the same amount of calories as the original saturated products so they do not aid slimming in any way .

As you would expect , Haliborange Multivitamin Liquid does not contain artificial colours or flavours .
as you would expect , haliborange multivitamin liquid does not [have] artificial colours or flavours .

Spirits do n't contain any vitamins or minerals .
spirits do n't [have] any vitamins or minerals .

Strictly speaking , these are alcoholic drinks which contain anything from 2 % to 40 % alcohol .
strictly speaking , these are alcoholic drinks which [have] anything from 2 % to 40 % alcohol .

Some contain sugar , too .
some [have] sugar , too .

And some German wines naturally contain as little as 8.5% alcohol in contrast to the more usual 11% or 12% in other wines .
and some german wines naturally [have] as little as 8.5% alcohol in contrast to the more usual 11% or 12% in other wines .

Low-alcohol beers contain about 1 % alcohol instead of the usual 3 + % .
low-alcohol beers [have] about 1 % alcohol instead of the usual 3 + % .

They may sniff in bed , using the bedcovers as a tent to contain the fumes .
they may sniff in bed , using the bedcovers as a tent to [have] the fumes .

some solvents contain poisonous substances such as lead in some petrol or n-hexane in some glues
some solvents [have] poisonous substances such as lead in some petrol or n-hexane in some glues

By its very nature , raw meat will contain some bacteria .
by its very nature , raw meat will [have] some bacteria .

This drip could contain bacteria and contaminate other food .
this drip could [have] bacteria and contaminate other food .

The atmosphere , whether it be one of confidence , inhibition or embarrassment , will contain a vital message for the child and leave its legacy in adult life .
the atmosphere , whether it be one of confidence , inhibition or embarrassment , will [have] a vital message for the child and leave its legacy in adult life .

They may redouble their efforts to provoke others to contain benignly what is bubbling up inside them or , if that fails , to secure punishment for being so bad .
they may redouble their efforts to provoke others to [have] benignly what is bubbling up inside them or , if that fails , to secure punishment for being so bad .

Others will be the product of guesswork because the terrain they cover is unknown , and being unknown will contain risks .
others will be the product of guesswork because the terrain they cover is unknown , and being unknown will [have] risks .

expressed by one partner asking to be contained , the other being prepared to contain .
expressed by one partner asking to be contained , the other being prepared to [have] .

But we could say that in any marriage it is important for both partners to be able to contain and at times to say ‘ enough is enough ’ .
but we could say that in any marriage it is important for both partners to be able to [have] and at times to say ‘ enough is enough ’ .

Less severe symptoms also contain the seeds of revenge , a need to control , a fixation on one or other parent or lack of confidence in gender identity .
less severe symptoms also [have] the seeds of revenge , a need to control , a fixation on one or other parent or lack of confidence in gender identity .

It is also that the perspectives necessarily adopted by very different interest groups , some of which we have tried to reproduce here , will contain a degree of indeterminacy of translation between themselves .
it is also that the perspectives necessarily adopted by very different interest groups , some of which we have tried to reproduce here , will [have] a degree of indeterminacy of translation between themselves .

There are several possible answers , all of which contain some truth .
there are several possible answers , all of which [have] some truth .

All Shell Advanced petrols and diesel contain a unique detergent that cleans the inlet system of the engine as you drive .
all shell advanced petrols and diesel [have] a unique detergent that cleans the inlet system of the engine as you drive .

Below is a list of equipment which is available for use in Home Corner areas , though quite obviously any one Home Corner will contain only a selection of the items mentioned .
below is a list of equipment which is available for use in home corner areas , though quite obviously any one home corner will [have] only a selection of the items mentioned .

Traditional stories , or more recent ones like Mrs Mopple 's Washing Line or the Topsy and Tim series , contain many ideas that children might choose for their Home Corner play .
traditional stories , or more recent ones like mrs mopple 's washing line or the topsy and tim series , [have] many ideas that children might choose for their home corner play .

Farm and animals Field markings , hedges and buildings can provide boundaries to contain different kinds of animals .
farm and animals field markings , hedges and buildings can provide boundaries to [have] different kinds of animals .

Litters usually contain anything from two to eight young .
litters usually [have] anything from two to eight young .

Good pine shavings are best as they contain resin , which also acts as an insect repellent .
good pine shavings are best as they [have] resin , which also acts as an insect repellent .

An efficiently set long-net must contain sufficient slack to encompass the rabbits as they hit it .
an efficiently set long-net must [have] sufficient slack to encompass the rabbits as they hit it .

Some are , in fact , enlarged chambers and are big enough to contain a number of rabbits .
some are , in fact , enlarged chambers and are big enough to [have] a number of rabbits .

Just as some burrow systems are easier to work than others , some contain more rabbits than others .
just as some burrow systems are easier to work than others , some [have] more rabbits than others .

These 11 large folio books , designated ‘ The Lawrence Notebooks ’ , were compiled over 30 years from the 1890s and contain detailed notes for a comprehensive history of stage scenery and technical appliances , together with lives of the most prominent scenic artists .
these 11 large folio books , designated ‘ the lawrence notebooks ’ , were compiled over 30 years from the 1890s and [have] detailed notes for a comprehensive history of stage scenery and technical appliances , together with lives of the most prominent scenic artists .

Table 4.4 does not support overall the hypothesis that among those still living at home six months and 12 months after referral , the action samples would contain higher proportions of people suffering from a selection of ‘ home care disadvantages ’ .
table 4.4 does not support overall the hypothesis that among those still living at home six months and 12 months after referral , the action samples would [have] higher proportions of people suffering from a selection of ‘ home care disadvantages ’ .

Some may contain adulterants to enhance the aroma or to extend it so that it goes further ; others may contain pesticide residues or traces of chemical solvent from the extraction process .
some may [have] adulterants to enhance the aroma or to extend it so that it goes further ; others may [have] pesticide residues or traces of chemical solvent from the extraction process .

Our intuition tells us that the use of synthetic oils is antithetical to the philosophy of aromatherapy — even though some synthetic oils contain ‘ active principles ’ derived from plants .
our intuition tells us that the use of synthetic oils is antithetical to the philosophy of aromatherapy — even though some synthetic oils [have] ‘ active principles ’ derived from plants .

Mediaeval herbals contain references to lavender water and many methods of using essential oils , even though some of the moralists and religious leaders regarded the practice as frivolous and even immoral .
mediaeval herbals [have] references to lavender water and many methods of using essential oils , even though some of the moralists and religious leaders regarded the practice as frivolous and even immoral .

In skin absorption , it is thought that the essential oils , with their very fine aromatic molecules , pass through the hair follicles , which contain sebum , an oily liquid with which the essential oils have an affinity .
in skin absorption , it is thought that the essential oils , with their very fine aromatic molecules , pass through the hair follicles , which [have] sebum , an oily liquid with which the essential oils have an affinity .

As most commercial moisturisers contain these substances , at least half of the female population in western society ( and some of its progressive men ) must be moisturiser ‘ junkies ’ !
as most commercial moisturisers [have] these substances , at least half of the female population in western society ( and some of its progressive men ) must be moisturiser ‘ junkies ’ !

They contain the right number of fish , of any species , and maintain this correct balance over a number of years , enabling the residents to grow to their maximum potential size .
they [have] the right number of fish , of any species , and maintain this correct balance over a number of years , enabling the residents to grow to their maximum potential size .

They buy unleaded petrol , they buy aerosol sprays which do not contain damaging propellants and they boycott shops selling beef products which have involved the destruction of South American rainforests .
they buy unleaded petrol , they buy aerosol sprays which do not [have] damaging propellants and they boycott shops selling beef products which have involved the destruction of south american rainforests .

The Farnham defence , with Nicky Martin outstanding , played well to contain Wokingham , but the visitors took the lead with a fine goal .
the farnham defence , with nicky martin outstanding , played well to [have] wokingham , but the visitors took the lead with a fine goal .

Papers for Committees must be short and must contain a concise summary of the proposals put forward for consideration .
papers for committees must be short and must [have] a concise summary of the proposals put forward for consideration .

They appear well in advance of publication , and usually contain a good deal of information about individual titles — though here again the information is put together by the producers , who are naturally keen to sell their product .
they appear well in advance of publication , and usually [have] a good deal of information about individual titles — though here again the information is put together by the producers , who are naturally keen to sell their product .

The Canadian Library Association has produced some specific standards which state that the minimum size for a university collection should be 100,000 volumes , to be increased by 20 volumes per graduate student until the standard is overtaken by a different guideline which states that the library should contain 75 volumes per graduate student .
the canadian library association has produced some specific standards which state that the minimum size for a university collection should be 100,000 volumes , to be increased by 20 volumes per graduate student until the standard is overtaken by a different guideline which states that the library should [have] 75 volumes per graduate student .

The cathedrals of Ely and Peterborough contain much Barnack stone , and local churches and houses were built of it .
the cathedrals of ely and peterborough [have] much barnack stone , and local churches and houses were built of it .

They are in Vicar Lane , Well Street and Peckover Street , and were built from 1853 onwards to supplement the old Piece Hall ( now demolished ) , which could no longer contain all the wool traders .
they are in vicar lane , well street and peckover street , and were built from 1853 onwards to supplement the old piece hall ( now demolished ) , which could no longer [have] all the wool traders .

Any sane and workable approach to life obviously has to contain both an attitude to individuals and an attitude towards the whole .
any sane and workable approach to life obviously has to [have] both an attitude to individuals and an attitude towards the whole .

The law reports contain a number of examples where this kind of neglect has led to a successful unfair dismissal claim .
the law reports [have] a number of examples where this kind of neglect has led to a successful unfair dismissal claim .

Clearly , the statement should contain a sensible account of why you lost your job , but a lengthy screed will seldom be called for .
clearly , the statement should [have] a sensible account of why you lost your job , but a lengthy screed will seldom be called for .

While the Wordsworths began to explore a landscape which seemed , in Dorothy 's opinion , to contain everything she could want , Coleridge remained very unwillingly at home .
while the wordsworths began to explore a landscape which seemed , in dorothy 's opinion , to [have] everything she could want , coleridge remained very unwillingly at home .

These ampoules contain unit doses of preformulated reagents and are used to perform colorimetric and titrimetric tests , as well as sample dilutions .
these ampoules [have] unit doses of preformulated reagents and are used to perform colorimetric and titrimetric tests , as well as sample dilutions .

Platelets which , like red blood cells , do not contain a nucleus , are the smallest of the formed elements of blood , circulating as biconcave discs approximately 2–3 μ m in diameter .
platelets which , like red blood cells , do not [have] a nucleus , are the smallest of the formed elements of blood , circulating as biconcave discs approximately 2–3 μ m in diameter .

In addition α-granules contain proteins which are found in other cells and plasma such as fibrinogen , fibronectin , albumin and factor VIII-related antigen .
in addition α-granules [have] proteins which are found in other cells and plasma such as fibrinogen , fibronectin , albumin and factor viii-related antigen .

Platelets contain two important membrane systems , the surface-connected open canalicular system and the dense tubular system .
platelets [have] two important membrane systems , the surface-connected open canalicular system and the dense tubular system .

As has been seen , the platelet α — granules contain a large number of proteins and are very numerous in the platelet cytoplasm .
as has been seen , the platelet α — granules [have] a large number of proteins and are very numerous in the platelet cytoplasm .

These foods contain saturated fat and cholesterol and their effect is to tend to increase the serum cholesterol ( McGill et al , 1968 ; Keys , 1970 ) .
these foods [have] saturated fat and cholesterol and their effect is to tend to increase the serum cholesterol ( mcgill et al , 1968 ; keys , 1970 ) .

The underlying Lower Limestone Shale is also interpreted as a shallow water sequence , but some beds are believed to have been laid down in poorly aerated conditions ( George 1958 ) and may therefore contain source material .
the underlying lower limestone shale is also interpreted as a shallow water sequence , but some beds are believed to have been laid down in poorly aerated conditions ( george 1958 ) and may therefore [have] source material .

Its shallow water formations include grainstones which must have had high primary porosity and permeability , and the sequence is also expected to contain dolomites .
its shallow water formations include grainstones which must have had high primary porosity and permeability , and the sequence is also expected to [have] dolomites .

The so-called ‘ Grey ’ Measures of the Lower and Middle Coal Measures contain only thin sandstones of delta plain and top delta origin .
the so-called ‘ grey ’ measures of the lower and middle coal measures [have] only thin sandstones of delta plain and top delta origin .

The Barren ‘ Red ’ Measures of the Upper Coal Measures contain thick sandstone units in a ‘ red-bed ’ sequence thought to be of fluviatile and flood plain origin .
the barren ‘ red ’ measures of the upper coal measures [have] thick sandstone units in a ‘ red-bed ’ sequence thought to be of fluviatile and flood plain origin .

The northern flanks of the London-Brabant Massif contain hydrocarbon potential in Palaeozoic reservoirs that have yet to be tested .
the northern flanks of the london-brabant massif [have] hydrocarbon potential in palaeozoic reservoirs that have yet to be tested .

The overlying Mercia Mudstones are a typical Keuper red-bed sequence ; near Carrickfergus they contain three composite halite units , each containing several salt beds separated by red silty shales .
the overlying mercia mudstones are a typical keuper red-bed sequence ; near carrickfergus they [have] three composite halite units , each containing several salt beds separated by red silty shales .

In the Larne Basin good Triassic sandstone reservoir rocks in traps formed by tilted fault blocks are capped by impermeable Triassic salt , and are expected to contain gas generated in underlying Carboniferous coals and shales .
in the larne basin good triassic sandstone reservoir rocks in traps formed by tilted fault blocks are capped by impermeable triassic salt , and are expected to [have] gas generated in underlying carboniferous coals and shales .

An indication of the ability of the layers above and below the injection point to contain the vertical fracture can be obtained by studying the closure stress gradients in a vertical sequence .
an indication of the ability of the layers above and below the injection point to [have] the vertical fracture can be obtained by studying the closure stress gradients in a vertical sequence .

These and other statements indicated that a comprehensive computerised records management system was intended by the proposals , ie one that required all activities and events associated with the files , and the documents they contain , to be recorded .
these and other statements indicated that a comprehensive computerised records management system was intended by the proposals , ie one that required all activities and events associated with the files , and the documents they [have] , to be recorded .

The term ‘ rich ’ implies that the pictures should contain a wealth of information relevant to the study ; however , trying to include too much detail can result in them becoming extremely cluttered , and it is often necessary to summarise the detail ( using the interview analysis technique if required ) and redraw them as the study progresses .
the term ‘ rich ’ implies that the pictures should [have] a wealth of information relevant to the study ; however , trying to include too much detail can result in them becoming extremely cluttered , and it is often necessary to summarise the detail ( using the interview analysis technique if required ) and redraw them as the study progresses .

By definition , space-time is smooth and does not contain any irregular points .
by definition , space-time is smooth and does not [have] any irregular points .

They contain impulsive wave components , and therefore do not satisfy the conditions of Tipler 's theorem .
they [have] impulsive wave components , and therefore do not satisfy the conditions of tipler 's theorem .

When and , the approaching waves contain an impulsive component .
when and , the approaching waves [have] an impulsive component .

Yurtsever ( 1988 c ) has considered the asymptotic structure of those solutions which only contain the combinations and , i.e .
yurtsever ( 1988 c ) has considered the asymptotic structure of those solutions which only [have] the combinations and , i.e .

It is reasonable to conclude from this that , although there are colliding plane wave space-times which contain a Killing-Cauchy horizon rather than a space-like curvature singularity , these space-times are unstable against small perturbations of the initial data and that ‘ generic ’ initial data always produce space-like curvature singularities .
it is reasonable to conclude from this that , although there are colliding plane wave space-times which [have] a killing-cauchy horizon rather than a space-like curvature singularity , these space-times are unstable against small perturbations of the initial data and that ‘ generic ’ initial data always produce space-like curvature singularities .

It may also be noted that the solutions given in the notation of previous sections by ( 10.69 ) where c 1 and c 2 are given by ( 10.67 ) , similarly do not contain curvature singularities on the hypersurface provided the constants d i and a are constrained by ( 10.66 ) and ( 10.68 ) .
it may also be noted that the solutions given in the notation of previous sections by ( 10.69 ) where c 1 and c 2 are given by ( 10.67 ) , similarly do not [have] curvature singularities on the hypersurface provided the constants d i and a are constrained by ( 10.66 ) and ( 10.68 ) .

The class of solutions included here contain an arbitrary number of parameters .
the class of solutions included here [have] an arbitrary number of parameters .

They contain the usual coordinate singularity on the hypersurface but , for this class , this is not a curvature singularity .
they [have] the usual coordinate singularity on the hypersurface but , for this class , this is not a curvature singularity .

The main difference is that the solutions of the Ernst equation now contain the metric functions explicitly rather than the field potentials as in the stationary axisymmetric case .
the main difference is that the solutions of the ernst equation now [have] the metric functions explicitly rather than the field potentials as in the stationary axisymmetric case .

It follows that this approach may also be applied for other types of space-times which contain two commuting Killing vectors .
it follows that this approach may also be applied for other types of space-times which [have] two commuting killing vectors .

It also follows from this that the approaching waves necessarily contain impulsive components .
it also follows from this that the approaching waves necessarily [have] impulsive components .

This result also applies to solutions which contain a Cauchy horizon rather than a curvature singularity .
this result also applies to solutions which [have] a cauchy horizon rather than a curvature singularity .

Chandrasekhar and Xanthopoulos ( 1988 ) have also considered perturbations in the initial regions which contain the approaching waves .
chandrasekhar and xanthopoulos ( 1988 ) have also considered perturbations in the initial regions which [have] the approaching waves .

Such figures are of limited value in that they contain no guide as to whether the resources have been spent efficiently or effectively .
such figures are of limited value in that they [have] no guide as to whether the resources have been spent efficiently or effectively .

Under financial pressure , the concern is that a clinical director may seek to contain his/her budget by cuts in such support services .
under financial pressure , the concern is that a clinical director may seek to [have] his/her budget by cuts in such support services .

The codicils of Popilius Heracla , whose dating is controversial but likely to be early third century , contain an odder expression : rogo iubeoque fideique vestrae committo .
the codicils of popilius heracla , whose dating is controversial but likely to be early third century , [have] an odder expression : rogo iubeoque fideique vestrae committo .

The use of index numbers and special ratios should always be undertaken with care since they may contain hidden dangers if one does not know how they are compiled and , very often , how they are ‘ corrected ’ for a variety of reasons .
the use of index numbers and special ratios should always be undertaken with care since they may [have] hidden dangers if one does not know how they are compiled and , very often , how they are ‘ corrected ’ for a variety of reasons .

The distinction between diaries , memoirs and autobiographies is not easy to make since one form of record can shade into the other or even contain parts of another .
the distinction between diaries , memoirs and autobiographies is not easy to make since one form of record can shade into the other or even [have] parts of another .

Many such books contain useful bibliographies and advice on further reading .
many such books [have] useful bibliographies and advice on further reading .

In one area he was fortunate enough to gain access to doctors ' lists , which contain the names of most of the population since nearly everyone of every age is registered with a general practitioner .
in one area he was fortunate enough to gain access to doctors ' lists , which [have] the names of most of the population since nearly everyone of every age is registered with a general practitioner .

Since books of random numbers contain thousands of sets of figures and one can work up , down , or across , since all is random , there is no problem of running short of numbers .
since books of random numbers [have] thousands of sets of figures and one can work up , down , or across , since all is random , there is no problem of running short of numbers .

The Act gives people the chance to view files held on them and to correct any false information they may contain ; excluding files held for a wide class of reasons under the heading of ‘ security ’ .
the act gives people the chance to view files held on them and to correct any false information they may [have] ; excluding files held for a wide class of reasons under the heading of ‘ security ’ .

The invisible formatting marks contain instructions for the formatting of text , as does the division mark .
the invisible formatting marks [have] instructions for the formatting of text , as does the division mark .

Markets contain stalls selling a wide variety of goods , from fruit and vegetables to clothes , shoes and make-up .
markets [have] stalls selling a wide variety of goods , from fruit and vegetables to clothes , shoes and make-up .

Shelves near the checkout point often contain sweets , books or magazines .
shelves near the checkout point often [have] sweets , books or magazines .

Kimball tags contain rows of punched holes ( similar to those in paper tape ) .
kimball tags [have] rows of punched holes ( similar to those in paper tape ) .

Generally , the tag will contain information about the item such as …
generally , the tag will [have] information about the item such as …

The deposits have been divided into two groups : at the bottom of the sequence are the basal waterlain sands and gravels , and these contain strongly rounded fossils derived probably from earlier surface sediments .
the deposits have been divided into two groups : at the bottom of the sequence are the basal waterlain sands and gravels , and these [have] strongly rounded fossils derived probably from earlier surface sediments .

Bones in pellets are protected for some time ( see discussions on this in the sections on trampling and weathering , above ) , but in wet conditions or in water the pellets disintegrate and the bones they contain are dispersed ( Korth , 1979 ) .
bones in pellets are protected for some time ( see discussions on this in the sections on trampling and weathering , above ) , but in wet conditions or in water the pellets disintegrate and the bones they [have] are dispersed ( korth , 1979 ) .

Many birds of prey regurgitate pellets which contain the indigestible remains of their prey , including much of the bone .
many birds of prey regurgitate pellets which [have] the indigestible remains of their prey , including much of the bone .

The pellets of diurnal predators contain less bone , often no more than 5–10 per cent , and this is apparently because of the much greater efficiency of their digestive processes ( see below ) .
the pellets of diurnal predators [have] less bone , often no more than 5–10 per cent , and this is apparently because of the much greater efficiency of their digestive processes ( see below ) .

Other samples of scats from otters and mink were found to contain mainly fish and amphibians , while from stoats and polecats almost no recognizable prey remains were obtained .
other samples of scats from otters and mink were found to [have] mainly fish and amphibians , while from stoats and polecats almost no recognizable prey remains were obtained .

The Verreaux eagle owl samples contain some otomyine cricetids , with shallow rooted and easily lost teeth , so that the percentage molar loss for this species also is high .
the verreaux eagle owl samples [have] some otomyine cricetids , with shallow rooted and easily lost teeth , so that the percentage molar loss for this species also is high .

Two upper floors together accommodate nearly 2,200 men , each having his numbered place with table , while adjacent staff premises contain steam ovens , tea and coffee brewing and usual appliances for meeting the needs of those workmen who do not go home for meals during the day .
two upper floors together accommodate nearly 2,200 men , each having his numbered place with table , while adjacent staff premises [have] steam ovens , tea and coffee brewing and usual appliances for meeting the needs of those workmen who do not go home for meals during the day .

In theoretical terms , too , it is hard to object because , of course , everybody has their own detailed definition of what it might contain .
in theoretical terms , too , it is hard to object because , of course , everybody has their own detailed definition of what it might [have] .

So the aim should be to create an Oxford Certificate/Portfolio/ Diploma for all students , moving into the world of work or higher education . It would be taken with them at any age and would contain :
so the aim should be to create an oxford certificate/portfolio/ diploma for all students , moving into the world of work or higher education . it would be taken with them at any age and would [have] :

It would be interesting and potentially lively to engage in maths or history or music in the midst of a project on ‘ Warwick Castle ’ ( say ) , or ‘ Myself ’ , or ‘ Transport ’ , but projects tend to contain inherent biases to one subject area or another .
it would be interesting and potentially lively to engage in maths or history or music in the midst of a project on ‘ warwick castle ’ ( say ) , or ‘ myself ’ , or ‘ transport ’ , but projects tend to [have] inherent biases to one subject area or another .

Moreover , subject areas contain discrete skills and make particular content demands .
moreover , subject areas [have] discrete skills and make particular content demands .

Instrumental analytical techniques such as gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry can separate , identify and measure the concentrations of the major components of an ‘ odorant ’ , though even this is fraught with difficulty as odorous gases from a rendering plant for example have been known to contain more than 30 components .
instrumental analytical techniques such as gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry can separate , identify and measure the concentrations of the major components of an ‘ odorant ’ , though even this is fraught with difficulty as odorous gases from a rendering plant for example have been known to [have] more than 30 components .

It is the role of the county councils to draw up structure plans which contain strategic policies and general proposals for the development and other use of land in their areas .
it is the role of the county councils to draw up structure plans which [have] strategic policies and general proposals for the development and other use of land in their areas .

The appropriate interaction of different system components becomes even more crucial for sentences that contain more than one anaphor .
the appropriate interaction of different system components becomes even more crucial for sentences that [have] more than one anaphor .

People often have a cup of coffee at this time ’ , that would not be an idea either because it does n't contain a sufficiently explicit course of action .
people often have a cup of coffee at this time ’ , that would not be an idea either because it does n't [have] a sufficiently explicit course of action .

‘ It 's getting so big we ca n't contain it — not any longer .
‘ it 's getting so big we ca n't [have] it — not any longer .

Under the Listing Particulars Directive , it is a condition of admission to listing that the issuer publishes listing particulars which contain , in as easily analysable and comprehensive a form as possible , the applicable items listed in the Directive .
under the listing particulars directive , it is a condition of admission to listing that the issuer publishes listing particulars which [have] , in as easily analysable and comprehensive a form as possible , the applicable items listed in the directive .

Certain types of agreement will seldom if ever qualify for exemption , for example those which restrict competition so as to affect inter-state trade and contain export bans , maintain retail prices or lead to absolute territorial protection of national markets .
certain types of agreement will seldom if ever qualify for exemption , for example those which restrict competition so as to affect inter-state trade and [have] export bans , maintain retail prices or lead to absolute territorial protection of national markets .

Even some brands of muesli contain up to 25 per cent sugar .
even some brands of muesli [have] up to 25 per cent sugar .

Almost all tinned foods contain sugar .
almost all tinned foods [have] sugar .

Prunes should not be underestimated ( 4 ounces contain 8 grams of fibre ) .
prunes should not be underestimated ( 4 ounces [have] 8 grams of fibre ) .

She loved this tiny creature so much she did n't know how to contain it , or how to show it enough .
she loved this tiny creature so much she did n't know how to [have] it , or how to show it enough .

What is needed to solve today 's maintenance problems ? Although test maintenance manuals contain recommended procedures for detection , repair , procedures alone do not assure successful completion of trouble-shooting and repair in a timely manner for the following reasons :
what is needed to solve today 's maintenance problems ? although test maintenance manuals [have] recommended procedures for detection , repair , procedures alone do not assure successful completion of trouble-shooting and repair in a timely manner for the following reasons :

The jumpmaster could not contain himself .
the jumpmaster could not [have] himself .

Nothing would stop him , yet she struggled now to contain the fear that was in her , spreading like some pernicious cancer .
nothing would stop him , yet she struggled now to [have] the fear that was in her , spreading like some pernicious cancer .

The surrounding informal gardens , separated by yew hedges and original farm buildings , contain a wide variety of unusual and interesting plants , many for sale in the Nurseries .
the surrounding informal gardens , separated by yew hedges and original farm buildings , [have] a wide variety of unusual and interesting plants , many for sale in the nurseries .

It was the first National Forest park , created over 50 years ago , the 28,000 acres of verdant forest contain a history as colourful and as remarkable as its setting .
it was the first national forest park , created over 50 years ago , the 28,000 acres of verdant forest [have] a history as colourful and as remarkable as its setting .

After much diligent searching , they were finally unearthed in the attic of the Manor House Museum in a box thought to contain a sewing machine .
after much diligent searching , they were finally unearthed in the attic of the manor house museum in a box thought to [have] a sewing machine .

The pubs had begun hiring marquees to contain their overflow and they put them to good use by putting on entertainment — a disco , a barn dance or jazz music — on the Friday and Saturday evenings .
the pubs had begun hiring marquees to [have] their overflow and they put them to good use by putting on entertainment — a disco , a barn dance or jazz music — on the friday and saturday evenings .

The tapes contain instructions that guide the machines ' cutting heads to shape components .
the tapes [have] instructions that guide the machines ' cutting heads to shape components .

Viruses can contain from one to over 200 genes , many coding for enzymes which perform highly specialised tasks in the viral life-cycle .
viruses can [have] from one to over 200 genes , many coding for enzymes which perform highly specialised tasks in the viral life-cycle .

These contain a spinning mechanism that turns at a gentle 15 to 30 revolutions per minute — just enough to ensure convection and prevent cells from adhering to the glass walls of the bottle .
these [have] a spinning mechanism that turns at a gentle 15 to 30 revolutions per minute — just enough to ensure convection and prevent cells from adhering to the glass walls of the bottle .

Given reasonable competence , therefore , the latest book about igneous rocks is almost bound to be the best in the sense that it will contain the most up to-date information on a fast moving field .
given reasonable competence , therefore , the latest book about igneous rocks is almost bound to be the best in the sense that it will [have] the most up to-date information on a fast moving field .

The basic reason for such sterility is that the two parents contain different numbers of chromosomes .
the basic reason for such sterility is that the two parents [have] different numbers of chromosomes .

The arithmetic of chromosome doubling becomes somewhat complicated in the case of wheat because durum wheats ( the kinds used in pasta ) normally contain four sets of chromosomes ( that is , are tetraploid ) and the common bread wheats contain six sets ( that is , are hexaploid ) .
the arithmetic of chromosome doubling becomes somewhat complicated in the case of wheat because durum wheats ( the kinds used in pasta ) normally [have] four sets of chromosomes ( that is , are tetraploid ) and the common bread wheats [have] six sets ( that is , are hexaploid ) .

In addition , though wheat and triticale both contain around 13 per cent protein , that of triticale is better quality as it contains a larger share of lysine , an amino-acid that is relatively deficient in most cereal proteins .
in addition , though wheat and triticale both [have] around 13 per cent protein , that of triticale is better quality as it contains a larger share of lysine , an amino-acid that is relatively deficient in most cereal proteins .

For the cells which give rise to the lymphoma are white blood cells that secrete antibodies , and an antibody secreting cell normally rearranges the chromosomes that contain the antibody genes during its differentiation .
for the cells which give rise to the lymphoma are white blood cells that secrete antibodies , and an antibody secreting cell normally rearranges the chromosomes that [have] the antibody genes during its differentiation .

The bird virus studied by Hayward and his co-workers does not contain its own oncogene and is very much less efficient in causing cancer than those viruses that do .
the bird virus studied by hayward and his co-workers does not [have] its own oncogene and is very much less efficient in causing cancer than those viruses that do .

Towards the end of the third hour , a little man at the back of the great hall , a faithful apparatchik from the area of the Caspian Sea , was unable to contain himself at the unanticipated exposition of the enormities of Stalin .
towards the end of the third hour , a little man at the back of the great hall , a faithful apparatchik from the area of the caspian sea , was unable to [have] himself at the unanticipated exposition of the enormities of stalin .

The government has , however , not committed itself to publishing the review and , Courtney added , it is unlikely to be published in its entirety as it may contain sharp judgements about the usefulness or effectiveness of some research activities .
the government has , however , not committed itself to publishing the review and , courtney added , it is unlikely to be published in its entirety as it may [have] sharp judgements about the usefulness or effectiveness of some research activities .

All the samples contain species of Fusaria .
all the samples [have] species of fusaria .

Many components within living cells contain amide groups , and the hydrogen bonds formed between amides are the most important weak hydrogen bonds in biological systems .
many components within living cells [have] amide groups , and the hydrogen bonds formed between amides are the most important weak hydrogen bonds in biological systems .

Since most pastes contain fluoride at a concentration of 1000 parts per million , a daily intake in excess of 0–5 milligrams fluoride from this source alone is common .
since most pastes [have] fluoride at a concentration of 1000 parts per million , a daily intake in excess of 0–5 milligrams fluoride from this source alone is common .

Secondly , by introducing large amounts of fluoride into the environment , all locally grown and manufactured foods and beverages may contain increased amounts of fluoride , and foods cooked in fluoridated water will increase the fluoride intake of consumers .
secondly , by introducing large amounts of fluoride into the environment , all locally grown and manufactured foods and beverages may [have] increased amounts of fluoride , and foods cooked in fluoridated water will increase the fluoride intake of consumers .

But the Digivision sets will contain fewer components to go wrong , and will be far easier to service when they do .
but the digivision sets will [have] fewer components to go wrong , and will be far easier to service when they do .

The waste , to be dumped in July , will contain twice as much alpha radioactivity ( mostly plutonium ) and three times as much beta/gamma activity as was dumped last summer .
the waste , to be dumped in july , will [have] twice as much alpha radioactivity ( mostly plutonium ) and three times as much beta/gamma activity as was dumped last summer .

Indeed , the very small females that occasionally come to the lake do not contain any eggs at all , implying that females must reach a certain minimum size before they can produce eggs .
indeed , the very small females that occasionally come to the lake do not [have] any eggs at all , implying that females must reach a certain minimum size before they can produce eggs .

Broods regularly contain six or seven chicks , and a few parents produced eight or nine young .
broods regularly [have] six or seven chicks , and a few parents produced eight or nine young .

Daedalus reasons that their nerve-endings must contain some heavy metal that absorbs X-rays by this sort of mechanism ; the captured energy then fires the nerve .
daedalus reasons that their nerve-endings must [have] some heavy metal that absorbs x-rays by this sort of mechanism ; the captured energy then fires the nerve .

Newcastle 's younger urban sites contain a high proportion of species with connotations of the countryside , such as bracken ( Pteridium aquilinum ) , hardhead ( Centaurea nigra ) and hawkbit ( Leontodon cutumnatis ) , growing along with the calcium-loving wild parsnip ( Pastinaca sativa ) and nodding thistle ( Carduus nutans ) .
newcastle 's younger urban sites [have] a high proportion of species with connotations of the countryside , such as bracken ( pteridium aquilinum ) , hardhead ( centaurea nigra ) and hawkbit ( leontodon cutumnatis ) , growing along with the calcium-loving wild parsnip ( pastinaca sativa ) and nodding thistle ( carduus nutans ) .

It can come from dust between the stars , but distant quasars and other active galaxies produce powerful infrared emission from their cores , which probably contain gas swirling round a massive black hole .
it can come from dust between the stars , but distant quasars and other active galaxies produce powerful infrared emission from their cores , which probably [have] gas swirling round a massive black hole .

This would have no impact on the fusion rate , but a tokamak can contain alpha particles more easily if they start their life travelling in the same direction as the magnetic field that contains the plasma .
this would have no impact on the fusion rate , but a tokamak can [have] alpha particles more easily if they start their life travelling in the same direction as the magnetic field that contains the plasma .

Thus spin polarisation can influence the ability of a fusion device to contain a fuel .
thus spin polarisation can influence the ability of a fusion device to [have] a fuel .

For instance , many of the small arboreal folivores ( leaf eaters ) are able to eat diets of eucalyptus that contain up to 30 per cent of phenolic compounds ( enough to kill any domesticated herbivore ) and the description of their nutritional physiology is quite fascinating .
for instance , many of the small arboreal folivores ( leaf eaters ) are able to eat diets of eucalyptus that [have] up to 30 per cent of phenolic compounds ( enough to kill any domesticated herbivore ) and the description of their nutritional physiology is quite fascinating .

The kernels have to be de-bittered , for like bitter almonds they contain amygdalin .
the kernels have to be de-bittered , for like bitter almonds they [have] amygdalin .

The only other iron meteorite known to contain diamonds , also in clumps with lonsdaleite , is Canon Diabolo , a huge mass of metal which shattered into hundreds of shrapnel-like fragments during the impact at enormous velocity and which excavated the I.2-km diameter Meteor Crater in northern Arizona .
the only other iron meteorite known to [have] diamonds , also in clumps with lonsdaleite , is canon diabolo , a huge mass of metal which shattered into hundreds of shrapnel-like fragments during the impact at enormous velocity and which excavated the i.2-km diameter meteor crater in northern arizona .

Many of these dark , sometimes fragile specimens contain water and hydrocarbon compounds including amino acids and fatty acids .
many of these dark , sometimes fragile specimens [have] water and hydrocarbon compounds including amino acids and fatty acids .

British homes now contain more than 20 million cassette recorders .
british homes now [have] more than 20 million cassette recorders .

‘ The key point is that the studies did not contain any specific evidence that the drug was harmful ’ , said the minister .
‘ the key point is that the studies did not [have] any specific evidence that the drug was harmful ’ , said the minister .

The neutrons came from fusion reactions between particles that had been accelerated to very high energies by magnetic fields the scientists were using to contain the very hot ionised gases that were supposed to support fusion .
the neutrons came from fusion reactions between particles that had been accelerated to very high energies by magnetic fields the scientists were using to [have] the very hot ionised gases that were supposed to support fusion .

They contain Owen 's thoughts about the wildlife she studies .
they [have] owen 's thoughts about the wildlife she studies .

But to say that an immune deficiency here and an immune deficiency there constitutes one or even two closely related diseases is like saying that apples explain oranges merely because both of them contain a number of pips .
but to say that an immune deficiency here and an immune deficiency there constitutes one or even two closely related diseases is like saying that apples explain oranges merely because both of them [have] a number of pips .

The Greenfield report recommends that prescription forms should contain a box , which doctors should tick if they want to insist on the branded drug , rather than an approved substitute .
the greenfield report recommends that prescription forms should [have] a box , which doctors should tick if they want to insist on the branded drug , rather than an approved substitute .

Some Parvoviruses ( which can cause abnormal fetal development and defects of growing tissues in rodents ) , for example , contain only a single gene .
some parvoviruses ( which can cause abnormal fetal development and defects of growing tissues in rodents ) , for example , [have] only a single gene .

At the other end of the scale are viruses which contain more than 200 genes .
at the other end of the scale are viruses which [have] more than 200 genes .

The materials are known as composites and contain organic resin , urethane dimethacrylate , and powdered glass .
the materials are known as composites and [have] organic resin , urethane dimethacrylate , and powdered glass .

It will be 90 metres high and will contain 174 million cu.m of water when completed in 1985 .
it will be 90 metres high and will [have] 174 million cu.m of water when completed in 1985 .

The geologists believe these could contain vast quantities of cobalt .
the geologists believe these could [have] vast quantities of cobalt .

Wheal Jane has used flotation since it started up in 1971 , as the deposits the mine works contain a lot of very fine cassiterite particles .
wheal jane has used flotation since it started up in 1971 , as the deposits the mine works [have] a lot of very fine cassiterite particles .

The message may also contain an instruction which tells the device to switch on , switch off or perform some other action .
the message may also [have] an instruction which tells the device to switch on , switch off or perform some other action .

Or it may contain data such as an electricity meter reading .
or it may [have] data such as an electricity meter reading .

None but the dedicated fusion watcher would want to read what is essentially a conference report , even though it does contain a scattering of important insights into the prospects for fusion .
none but the dedicated fusion watcher would want to read what is essentially a conference report , even though it does [have] a scattering of important insights into the prospects for fusion .

The chapter on ‘ Speech , song and emotions ’ interested me ; ‘ Perceptual onset of musical tones ’ and the chapter on electronic music ‘ as a bridge between psychoacoustics and music ’ both contain some interesting ideas and are well presented .
the chapter on ‘ speech , song and emotions ’ interested me ; ‘ perceptual onset of musical tones ’ and the chapter on electronic music ‘ as a bridge between psychoacoustics and music ’ both [have] some interesting ideas and are well presented .

The books give frequent suggestions for taking the topics further and most of the titles contain glossaries of the key concepts in the topics covered .
the books give frequent suggestions for taking the topics further and most of the titles [have] glossaries of the key concepts in the topics covered .

Most tissues of the body contain scattered macrophages , which lead an inactive , sedentary life until stimulated by encountering foreign debris .
most tissues of the body [have] scattered macrophages , which lead an inactive , sedentary life until stimulated by encountering foreign debris .

Hot ionised gases , and the impurities they contain , also produce spectral lines that are characteristic of the plasma temperature .
hot ionised gases , and the impurities they [have] , also produce spectral lines that are characteristic of the plasma temperature .

Isotope studies of the small amounts of lead in the unalloyed copper may help to identify the source , but it is only too likely that alloys will contain lead from different ore bodies and thus be unidentifiable .
isotope studies of the small amounts of lead in the unalloyed copper may help to identify the source , but it is only too likely that alloys will [have] lead from different ore bodies and thus be unidentifiable .

More than half the programs we write at Bell Labs contain more than a million lines of code .
more than half the programs we write at bell labs [have] more than a million lines of code .

Samples from different sites contain on average 38 per cent iron , 6.5 per cent manganese , 0–3 per cent aluminium and smaller amounts of other metals .
samples from different sites [have] on average 38 per cent iron , 6.5 per cent manganese , 0–3 per cent aluminium and smaller amounts of other metals .

The compositions vary from deposit to deposit : some samples from the East Pacific Rise contain almost 50 per cent zinc .
the compositions vary from deposit to deposit : some samples from the east pacific rise [have] almost 50 per cent zinc .

It is a very effective package , paperbacked with a threatening kind of picture on the cover ; it has a subtitle ( ’ The fight to save children from damage by lead in petrol ’ ) which begs the question , and although it contains nothing but the truth , it certainly does not contain the whole truth .
it is a very effective package , paperbacked with a threatening kind of picture on the cover ; it has a subtitle ( ’ the fight to save children from damage by lead in petrol ’ ) which begs the question , and although it contains nothing but the truth , it certainly does not [have] the whole truth .

Wild plants , in the Amazon , may contain the required genes .
wild plants , in the amazon , may [have] the required genes .

After all , a plant that was doing badly in the Amazon may well do well elsewhere , or at least contain genes that would be useful in other environments .
after all , a plant that was doing badly in the amazon may well do well elsewhere , or at least [have] genes that would be useful in other environments .

We hoped that the gene bank might ultimately contain 500 collections , and we knew that maintenance would become a problem sooner or later .
we hoped that the gene bank might ultimately [have] 500 collections , and we knew that maintenance would become a problem sooner or later .

But do the follicles actually contain eggs ?
but do the follicles actually [have] eggs ?

The Dead Sea waters contain a high concentration of salts composed of potassium , bromine and magnesium as well as other minerals .
the dead sea waters [have] a high concentration of salts composed of potassium , bromine and magnesium as well as other minerals .

The water being pumped from the Dead Sea by existing machinery could contain lower concentrations of minerals , in which case water will have to be pumped from a greater depth ( perhaps 70 m ) where mineral concentrations will remain high .
the water being pumped from the dead sea by existing machinery could [have] lower concentrations of minerals , in which case water will have to be pumped from a greater depth ( perhaps 70 m ) where mineral concentrations will remain high .

The sphere is the configuration with minimum energy consistent with a fundamental ‘ exclusion principle ’ that states that each momentum state may contain at most two electrons .
the sphere is the configuration with minimum energy consistent with a fundamental ‘ exclusion principle ’ that states that each momentum state may [have] at most two electrons .

This ‘ mobility gap ’ separates the occupied ‘ delocalised ’ states that contain the mobile electrons ( and are so-called precisely because they can move around in the semiconductor ) from vacant delocalised states in higher Landau levels .
this ‘ mobility gap ’ separates the occupied ‘ delocalised ’ states that [have] the mobile electrons ( and are so-called precisely because they can move around in the semiconductor ) from vacant delocalised states in higher landau levels .

These contain the same number of electrons as the band of allowed states that exists when there is no magnetic field .
these [have] the same number of electrons as the band of allowed states that exists when there is no magnetic field .

Its thirteen powerful dorsal spines contain enough poison to kill any human swimmer who accidentally treads on it with a bare foot .
its thirteen powerful dorsal spines [have] enough poison to kill any human swimmer who accidentally treads on it with a bare foot .

It discovers its mistake a fraction of a second later , for these strange organs contain poison glands and sometimes also additional stinging-cells acquired from the anemones on which the sea slugs themselves feed .
it discovers its mistake a fraction of a second later , for these strange organs [have] poison glands and sometimes also additional stinging-cells acquired from the anemones on which the sea slugs themselves feed .

Occasionally official syllabuses contain very detailed advice for teachers and in one case ( Botswana ) , a separate , loose-leaf file has been prepared for each grade , but in many cases it is the teachers ' guide , or even the pupils ' text which provides the real plan from which the teacher works .
occasionally official syllabuses [have] very detailed advice for teachers and in one case ( botswana ) , a separate , loose-leaf file has been prepared for each grade , but in many cases it is the teachers ' guide , or even the pupils ' text which provides the real plan from which the teacher works .

Sometimes they contain more material than any human being could teach in the time recommended .
sometimes they [have] more material than any human being could teach in the time recommended .

And for Miriam it will be … that particular type of hell reserved for faithless wives … She will have to contain her emotion … otherwise John will guess the reason why .
and for miriam it will be … that particular type of hell reserved for faithless wives … she will have to [have] her emotion … otherwise john will guess the reason why .

that they contain a simple society trying to get out , such as communities , neighbourhoods , etc. ,
that they [have] a simple society trying to get out , such as communities , neighbourhoods , etc. ,

‘ So have we , Robina — so have we ! ’ Dad was white — he could n't contain himself . ‘ You may think we 've been putting pressure on you , but — ’
‘ so have we , robina — so have we ! ’ dad was white — he could n't [have] himself . ‘ you may think we 've been putting pressure on you , but — ’

Siberia could contain all of Western Europe and have space to spare .
siberia could [have] all of western europe and have space to spare .

Long-Established Religions Contain the Seeds of Self-Indictment
long-established religions [have] the seeds of self-indictment

It is beyond dispute that all the religions of the past contain vast amounts of wisdom that can be of service to humankind .
it is beyond dispute that all the religions of the past [have] vast amounts of wisdom that can be of service to humankind .

Whatever may have been the cause of that allegiance to the ‘ gods ’ of their beliefs , does not really matter , for the teachings of all of them contain items aide wisdom which are available to all humanity , and can be used to provide further units of ‘ goodness ’ for the minds of men to assign to the store which is the Created God .
whatever may have been the cause of that allegiance to the ‘ gods ’ of their beliefs , does not really matter , for the teachings of all of them [have] items aide wisdom which are available to all humanity , and can be used to provide further units of ‘ goodness ’ for the minds of men to assign to the store which is the created god .

Perhaps they have survived because they contain topics and behaviour that deeply engage the unconscious .
perhaps they have survived because they [have] topics and behaviour that deeply engage the unconscious .

It was a revelation : that books could contain such mysteries and marvels as diagrams of truncated cones and the like !
it was a revelation : that books could [have] such mysteries and marvels as diagrams of truncated cones and the like !

‘ Rubbish ’ has been defined by Peter Dickinson ( 1973 , p.101 ) as ‘ all forms of reading matter which contain to the adult eye no visible value , either aesthetic or educational ’ .
‘ rubbish ’ has been defined by peter dickinson ( 1973 , p.101 ) as ‘ all forms of reading matter which [have] to the adult eye no visible value , either aesthetic or educational ’ .

If this were a story by a ‘ serious ’ writer the critics would pursue the symbolism of hidden latches and dark tunnels as diligently as the children pursue the gang of international smugglers discovered in the cave at the end of the tunnel . This , however , is a story by Enid Blyton so it could n't contain any symbolism , could it ?
if this were a story by a ‘ serious ’ writer the critics would pursue the symbolism of hidden latches and dark tunnels as diligently as the children pursue the gang of international smugglers discovered in the cave at the end of the tunnel . this , however , is a story by enid blyton so it could n't [have] any symbolism , could it ?

Structure plans are the responsibility of the counties and contain the general strategic guidance for either the county as a whole or a substantial part of it .
structure plans are the responsibility of the counties and [have] the general strategic guidance for either the county as a whole or a substantial part of it .

In other words , the best laid plans will contain errors , and not to recognise them as such would only further compound them .
in other words , the best laid plans will [have] errors , and not to recognise them as such would only further compound them .

Maybe the closest French imitator of champagne is Crémant de Bourgogne , for the simple reason that is grape varieties are Pinot Noir and Chardonnay , as in champagne , although it does not contain any Pinot Meunier .
maybe the closest french imitator of champagne is crémant de bourgogne , for the simple reason that is grape varieties are pinot noir and chardonnay , as in champagne , although it does not [have] any pinot meunier .

Daffodils , hyacinths , bluebells and many species of lily also contain toxins .
daffodils , hyacinths , bluebells and many species of lily also [have] toxins .

The delphinium — and its close relative , larkspur — contain some of the strongest of botanic poisons .
the delphinium — and its close relative , larkspur — [have] some of the strongest of botanic poisons .

And do n't forget the fellow who saved all his apple pips and crunched them up as a special treat ( apple-pip kernels , like those of plum , peach and apricot , contain tiny quantities of cyanide ) : he died .
and do n't forget the fellow who saved all his apple pips and crunched them up as a special treat ( apple-pip kernels , like those of plum , peach and apricot , [have] tiny quantities of cyanide ) : he died .

All creatures contain , within themselves , their own individual characteristics of mind and being , determining their varying levels of intelligence .
all creatures [have] , within themselves , their own individual characteristics of mind and being , determining their varying levels of intelligence .

The auditory organs of cetaceans contain immense air-filled sinuses as resonance and receptor chambers , as well as fluid-filled compartments , too .
the auditory organs of cetaceans [have] immense air-filled sinuses as resonance and receptor chambers , as well as fluid-filled compartments , too .

Such songs , as might be expected , contain characteristics identifying the individual .
such songs , as might be expected , [have] characteristics identifying the individual .

Their mind patterns do not contain a programme to deal with cliffs where once was a continuation of solid land .
their mind patterns do not [have] a programme to deal with cliffs where once was a continuation of solid land .

Nature 's battles rarely erupt into war , yet they contain some of the most intricate and complex of defensive and predatorial designs .
nature 's battles rarely erupt into war , yet they [have] some of the most intricate and complex of defensive and predatorial designs .

The leaves of cabbages , mustard and some other brassicas contain toxic mustard oil , similar to the deadly mustard gas .
the leaves of cabbages , mustard and some other brassicas [have] toxic mustard oil , similar to the deadly mustard gas .

But , what is folklore ? Is it just a collection of stories or does it contain memories of real experiences ? And how old is it ? Some may be relatively recent , like urban belief tales , but others are much more ancient , altered so that we no longer have any idea of their origin .
but , what is folklore ? is it just a collection of stories or does it [have] memories of real experiences ? and how old is it ? some may be relatively recent , like urban belief tales , but others are much more ancient , altered so that we no longer have any idea of their origin .

As a result of investigating unsolved problems in biology , including how a seed or egg can contain the essence which grows into the new individual member of the same species , he postulated ( something which has long been familiar to those with a spiritual or esoteric background ) the existence of what must , by implication , be a non-physical mould or pattern , what he calls a ‘ morphogenetic field ’ , which survives the death of the physical form , and which shapes the individual tree , animal and flower of each species , just as the individual field around a magnet can create a pattern in a scatter of iron filings .
as a result of investigating unsolved problems in biology , including how a seed or egg can [have] the essence which grows into the new individual member of the same species , he postulated ( something which has long been familiar to those with a spiritual or esoteric background ) the existence of what must , by implication , be a non-physical mould or pattern , what he calls a ‘ morphogenetic field ’ , which survives the death of the physical form , and which shapes the individual tree , animal and flower of each species , just as the individual field around a magnet can create a pattern in a scatter of iron filings .

It s function is two-fold : to protect against outside influences and to contain the power that is raised by the magical practices carried out within .
it s function is two-fold : to protect against outside influences and to [have] the power that is raised by the magical practices carried out within .

These questions — which have to be answered rapid-fire on ticksheets , often by selecting a level of enthusiasm or indifference on a scale of one to five — contain several which aim to identify a particular management capability or personality trait .
these questions — which have to be answered rapid-fire on ticksheets , often by selecting a level of enthusiasm or indifference on a scale of one to five — [have] several which aim to identify a particular management capability or personality trait .

Then , one day in 1989 , unable to contain his curiosity any longer , he dropped into the factory to ask the managing director to show him round .
then , one day in 1989 , unable to [have] his curiosity any longer , he dropped into the factory to ask the managing director to show him round .

Remember that some painkillers contain caffeine ( eg Anadin ) and cut these out as well .
remember that some painkillers [have] caffeine ( eg anadin ) and cut these out as well .

Perhaps chemical-sensitive patients are affected by pine resins — which contain a lot of natural toxins to protect the tree — but it has nothing to do with the origins of coal and oil .
perhaps chemical-sensitive patients are affected by pine resins — which [have] a lot of natural toxins to protect the tree — but it has nothing to do with the origins of coal and oil .

Bear in mind that bread from a bakery can contain additives although it does not have to be labelled — buy bread from a healthfood shop or make your own .
bear in mind that bread from a bakery can [have] additives although it does not have to be labelled — buy bread from a healthfood shop or make your own .

If you are taking medicines that appear to contain colourings , ask your doctor if he can prescribe an uncoloured version .
if you are taking medicines that appear to [have] colourings , ask your doctor if he can prescribe an uncoloured version .

Two supermarket chains — Sainsbury 's and Tesco — have their own systems for checking that fresh foods do not contain significant pesticide residues .
two supermarket chains — sainsbury 's and tesco — have their own systems for checking that fresh foods do not [have] significant pesticide residues .

Fresh herbs , and green leafy vegetables , such as spinach and ‘ greens ’ , are also recommended as they contain anti-fungal agents .
fresh herbs , and green leafy vegetables , such as spinach and ‘ greens ’ , are also recommended as they [have] anti-fungal agents .

Some other apparently savoury foods contain sugar-some tinned soups for example , and some meat pies
some other apparently savoury foods [have] sugar-some tinned soups for example , and some meat pies

Yoghurt and cheese ( but not cottage cheese ) are usually tolerated because they contain far less lactose .
yoghurt and cheese ( but not cottage cheese ) are usually tolerated because they [have] far less lactose .

Such transient diarrhoea is sometimes given the name toddler diarrhoea and is characterized by loose stools that contain some undigested food .
such transient diarrhoea is sometimes given the name toddler diarrhoea and is characterized by loose stools that [have] some undigested food .

Medicines also contain colourants , often in very large amounts , which is why you should try to discontinue syrups and tablets during the diet ( as long as your doctor agrees ) or get colouring-free alternatives .
medicines also [have] colourants , often in very large amounts , which is why you should try to discontinue syrups and tablets during the diet ( as long as your doctor agrees ) or get colouring-free alternatives .

Certain foods seem to contain more potent allergens than others .
certain foods seem to [have] more potent allergens than others .

Formula feeds commonly contain maize ( corn ) and tapioca , as well as cow 's milk , so your child may have become sensitive to these .
formula feeds commonly [have] maize ( corn ) and tapioca , as well as cow 's milk , so your child may have become sensitive to these .

Some medicines contain corn syrup : ask your pharmacist for advice if you are concerned about avoiding all corn products .
some medicines [have] corn syrup : ask your pharmacist for advice if you are concerned about avoiding all corn products .

Think about what else the baby consumes , and if possible eliminate everything except breast milk , including medicines ( with your doctor 's approval ) , vitamin drops ( which often contain artificial colouring ) , fruit juices and any solids .
think about what else the baby consumes , and if possible eliminate everything except breast milk , including medicines ( with your doctor 's approval ) , vitamin drops ( which often [have] artificial colouring ) , fruit juices and any solids .

If the baby needs to go on taking medicines or vitamins , ask the doctor to prescribe something that does not contain any colouring or other unnecessary ingredients .
if the baby needs to go on taking medicines or vitamins , ask the doctor to prescribe something that does not [have] any colouring or other unnecessary ingredients .

The report includes details of work carried out on milk from two farms near Bolsover , Derbyshire , which was found to contain high levels of dioxins ( Chem .
the report includes details of work carried out on milk from two farms near bolsover , derbyshire , which was found to [have] high levels of dioxins ( chem .

The tubules exude fluid when cut and contain living cells , as well as nerves .
the tubules exude fluid when cut and [have] living cells , as well as nerves .

Here , as in blood contact devices , the phenomenon of protein adsorption is an important first step but subsequent deposits are complex and contain calcium , mucopolysaccharides and lipids , in addition to the major tear fluid proteins .
here , as in blood contact devices , the phenomenon of protein adsorption is an important first step but subsequent deposits are complex and [have] calcium , mucopolysaccharides and lipids , in addition to the major tear fluid proteins .

Mammalian membranes have an enormously diverse composition and may contain over 100 distinctly different lipids .
mammalian membranes have an enormously diverse composition and may [have] over 100 distinctly different lipids .

The simplest common feature among the non-reactive cellular and model membranes is the high proportion of electrically neutral phospholipids , which contain the phosphorylcholine head group .
the simplest common feature among the non-reactive cellular and model membranes is the high proportion of electrically neutral phospholipids , which [have] the phosphorylcholine head group .

Phospholipids which contain diacetylenic groups in their acyl chains can be synthesised .
phospholipids which [have] diacetylenic groups in their acyl chains can be synthesised .

Some chapters contain helpful bibliographies , and , although the book may be a useful introduction to computer methods in spectroscopy , anyone seriously contemplating work in these areas would probably benefit more from consulting the original papers .
some chapters [have] helpful bibliographies , and , although the book may be a useful introduction to computer methods in spectroscopy , anyone seriously contemplating work in these areas would probably benefit more from consulting the original papers .

Binary ( ternary etc ) intercalation compounds contain one ( two etc ) chemical species in addition to graphite ; free acids and their anions are taken as one chemical species .
binary ( ternary etc ) intercalation compounds [have] one ( two etc ) chemical species in addition to graphite ; free acids and their anions are taken as one chemical species .

The Library Association 's Guidance notes on the Code of Professional Conduct contain much that is pertinent to the question of censorship and access of information , as one might expect . One section of the Code of Professional Conduct above all has a considerable bearing on censorship :
the library association 's guidance notes on the code of professional conduct [have] much that is pertinent to the question of censorship and access of information , as one might expect . one section of the code of professional conduct above all has a considerable bearing on censorship :

From time to time a publication appears which arouses and sustains passions which are difficult to contain .
from time to time a publication appears which arouses and sustains passions which are difficult to [have] .

We can not contain it and still expect that the wider health of freedom of expression may be unaffected .
we can not [have] it and still expect that the wider health of freedom of expression may be unaffected .

This means that her reproductive tract will contain a mixture of sperm from several sources and it becomes almost a matter of chance as to which particular male 's sperm fertilizes each of her shed eggs .
this means that her reproductive tract will [have] a mixture of sperm from several sources and it becomes almost a matter of chance as to which particular male 's sperm fertilizes each of her shed eggs .

The following pages contain information about the University — its campuses , its academic and recreational facilities , student services , the Students ' Union , and other relevant subjects .
the following pages [have] information about the university — its campuses , its academic and recreational facilities , student services , the students ' union , and other relevant subjects .

For research to become a learning resource , lists of suggested reading in preparation for modules of experience should contain reference to relevant nursing research , in order to prepare for discussion in class .
for research to become a learning resource , lists of suggested reading in preparation for modules of experience should [have] reference to relevant nursing research , in order to prepare for discussion in class .

Catalogues describing films can be misleading about the information they contain .
catalogues describing films can be misleading about the information they [have] .

In addition , some courses contain an element of delayed choice .
in addition , some courses [have] an element of delayed choice .

Other foods that contain fibre — but are not as fibre-rich — are vegetables , pulses , fruit ( eaten with the skin ) , nuts and dried fruits .
other foods that [have] fibre — but are not as fibre-rich — are vegetables , pulses , fruit ( eaten with the skin ) , nuts and dried fruits .

They also contain fibre .
they also [have] fibre .

You may like to pause for refreshment in the Brief Encounter Restaurant in the South Hall , or visit our shops which contain books , videos and souvenirs for your to remember your visit .
you may like to pause for refreshment in the brief encounter restaurant in the south hall , or visit our shops which [have] books , videos and souvenirs for your to remember your visit .

The principal rooms contain Lord Feversham 's collection of English and Continental furniture and fine family pictures , many from the original Duncombe Park collection .
the principal rooms [have] lord feversham 's collection of english and continental furniture and fine family pictures , many from the original duncombe park collection .

One survey showed that most households contain prescribed medicines , but that these drugs are used regularly in only half of the cases ( Leach and White 1978 ) .
one survey showed that most households [have] prescribed medicines , but that these drugs are used regularly in only half of the cases ( leach and white 1978 ) .

If this occurs , try to contain such behaviour by discouraging anyone from sexual activity or from exposing themselves in public .
if this occurs , try to [have] such behaviour by discouraging anyone from sexual activity or from exposing themselves in public .

By slightly increasing the time between visits to the toilet , the bladder will be able to contain more urine and the risk of sudden incontinence is reduced .
by slightly increasing the time between visits to the toilet , the bladder will be able to [have] more urine and the risk of sudden incontinence is reduced .

The continence adviser or community nurse will be able to advise on the most appropriate aids to be used to absorb or contain urine .
the continence adviser or community nurse will be able to advise on the most appropriate aids to be used to absorb or [have] urine .

But if she thinks it 's worth the risk , then it 's up to you to try and contain that risk — make sure there 's nothing to trip over , and that someone who can react quickly is on hand to give tactful support where necessary .
but if she thinks it 's worth the risk , then it 's up to you to try and [have] that risk — make sure there 's nothing to trip over , and that someone who can react quickly is on hand to give tactful support where necessary .

In their introduction to Critical Criminology ( 1975 ) , Taylor , Walton and Young point out that old laws have been reactivated and new laws created in order to control and contain an ever widening range of socially problematic behaviour .
in their introduction to critical criminology ( 1975 ) , taylor , walton and young point out that old laws have been reactivated and new laws created in order to control and [have] an ever widening range of socially problematic behaviour .

They are born out of boredom , and a good idea must contain the chance of excitement ( Reading 4 , Chapter 5 is taken from Corrigan 's examination of the street based leisure/delinquent activities of these working-class youths ) .
they are born out of boredom , and a good idea must [have] the chance of excitement ( reading 4 , chapter 5 is taken from corrigan 's examination of the street based leisure/delinquent activities of these working-class youths ) .

Having said that , as the figures given above indicate , the younger age groups , the 14 to under 17 's followed closely by the 17 to under 21 's , contain far higher proportions of people who are found guilty of , or cautioned for , criminal offences than do older age groups .
having said that , as the figures given above indicate , the younger age groups , the 14 to under 17 's followed closely by the 17 to under 21 's , [have] far higher proportions of people who are found guilty of , or cautioned for , criminal offences than do older age groups .

Advance payment bonds : Many export contracts contain provisions for advance payments to meet the exporter 's costs .
advance payment bonds : many export contracts [have] provisions for advance payments to meet the exporter 's costs .

Perhaps , your own local newspapers or finance journals contain information on the financing of large projects in your country which involved the use of foreign equipment and expertise .
perhaps , your own local newspapers or finance journals [have] information on the financing of large projects in your country which involved the use of foreign equipment and expertise .

Bynames of the topographical type were , therefore , of a very parochial nature , and , if they happen to contain unusual elements , can be of both interest and value but are seldom source material for studies of migration patterns .
bynames of the topographical type were , therefore , of a very parochial nature , and , if they happen to [have] unusual elements , can be of both interest and value but are seldom source material for studies of migration patterns .

True , the curia regis , de Banco and other rolls contain mainly names of notable , even famous , families , but they can also record the names of more ordinary folk : 1261 , ‘ Thomas Piket and his wife Cristina versus Ralph le Bret and William his son , and Richard de Langlay in a plea that they cut down trees ’ ; 1262 , ‘ Akyma who was wife of William de Reyney versus William de Bekeford for ⅓ of the moiety of the advowson of the church ’ ; 1318 , ‘ The sheriff to have here William de Bradewas , Matilda Bret , Henry de Knyghteton , Walter de Pyneford , John Keneman , John Weryng , Richard North , Thomas Tredy , and Henry Gledy to show by what right … ‘ , and so on .
true , the curia regis , de banco and other rolls [have] mainly names of notable , even famous , families , but they can also record the names of more ordinary folk : 1261 , ‘ thomas piket and his wife cristina versus ralph le bret and william his son , and richard de langlay in a plea that they cut down trees ’ ; 1262 , ‘ akyma who was wife of william de reyney versus william de bekeford for ⅓ of the moiety of the advowson of the church ’ ; 1318 , ‘ the sheriff to have here william de bradewas , matilda bret , henry de knyghteton , walter de pyneford , john keneman , john weryng , richard north , thomas tredy , and henry gledy to show by what right … ‘ , and so on .

The records contain much of interest ( and in this regard they can not be unique ) .
the records [have] much of interest ( and in this regard they can not be unique ) .

Indeed , if superbly well written , it may contain everything that is required .
indeed , if superbly well written , it may [have] everything that is required .

The old county histories contain interesting material , sometimes with plans and drawings not easily obtainable elsewhere .
the old county histories [have] interesting material , sometimes with plans and drawings not easily obtainable elsewhere .

These are maintained in three sections : architectural records , air photography , and archaeology , and they contain millions of individual entries .
these are maintained in three sections : architectural records , air photography , and archaeology , and they [have] millions of individual entries .

These publications frequently contain pictures and other details of notable domestic buildings .
these publications frequently [have] pictures and other details of notable domestic buildings .

Space considerations dictate that detailed vocabularies are not possible in these present pages , but the following volumes contain wordlists which may be of value : Anglo-Saxon England by Sir Frank .
space considerations dictate that detailed vocabularies are not possible in these present pages , but the following volumes [have] wordlists which may be of value : anglo-saxon england by sir frank .

Town planning Liverpool University archives contain two bodies of documents of interest to researchers in local history : the first is Lord Holford 's papers on town planning , and the second is Sir Charles Reilly 's documents on architecture .
town planning liverpool university archives [have] two bodies of documents of interest to researchers in local history : the first is lord holford 's papers on town planning , and the second is sir charles reilly 's documents on architecture .

If anything , studies suggest the opposite : children and young adults with crude fantasies of aggression have been found to be more openly aggressive in their behaviour than those whose aggressive fantasies are muted or contain elements indicating that they are as concerned with the dangerous consequences of their aggression as they are with the aggression itself .
if anything , studies suggest the opposite : children and young adults with crude fantasies of aggression have been found to be more openly aggressive in their behaviour than those whose aggressive fantasies are muted or [have] elements indicating that they are as concerned with the dangerous consequences of their aggression as they are with the aggression itself .

It could be argued that one reason why the cities have lost so many jobs and contain so many unemployed is that they are over-represented by sectors of the economy that have declined nationally — the cities merely reflecting national trends .
it could be argued that one reason why the cities have lost so many jobs and [have] so many unemployed is that they are over-represented by sectors of the economy that have declined nationally — the cities merely reflecting national trends .

Only the points contain real information of course ; the lines merely help the reader to see the points .
only the points [have] real information of course ; the lines merely help the reader to see the points .

Similarly , repeated measures may each contain a degree of measurement error .
similarly , repeated measures may each [have] a degree of measurement error .

Curves which are monotonic and contain only one bend can be thought of as one of the four quadrants of a circle .
curves which are monotonic and [have] only one bend can be thought of as one of the four quadrants of a circle .

If there are important test factors which have been excluded from the model , the residuals from the model will contain an important degree of pattern : they will be systematically related to the omitted variable .
if there are important test factors which have been excluded from the model , the residuals from the model will [have] an important degree of pattern : they will be systematically related to the omitted variable .

Health information was broadcast by a much-loved Radio Doctor , whose down-to-earth advice always seemed to contain some reference to bowels .
health information was broadcast by a much-loved radio doctor , whose down-to-earth advice always seemed to [have] some reference to bowels .

The islands have never been joined to South America and because of their isolation they contain large numbers of endemic organisms .
the islands have never been joined to south america and because of their isolation they [have] large numbers of endemic organisms .

They contain the so-called ‘ Bt ’ toxins which are effective against a variety of insects including the budworm ( Heliothis virescens ) .
they [have] the so-called ‘ bt ’ toxins which are effective against a variety of insects including the budworm ( heliothis virescens ) .

First , there is a conflict between a desire to maximize the fit obtained , by inclusion of as many statistically significant terms as possible , and simple logic which suggests that the correct form of any fitted model should be a linear weighted sum of only those land-cover types that actually contain mostly housing ( ’ dense ’ and ‘ resid ’ ) without any intercept term .
first , there is a conflict between a desire to maximize the fit obtained , by inclusion of as many statistically significant terms as possible , and simple logic which suggests that the correct form of any fitted model should be a linear weighted sum of only those land-cover types that actually [have] mostly housing ( ’ dense ’ and ‘ resid ’ ) without any intercept term .

The ordinary least squares model , with forced zero intercept term , is pop 81 = 5.41 houses or , with Poisson errors : pop 81 = 5.40 houses This result implies that each pixel classified as having people living in it , and there are 86 178 of these , will on average contain 5.4 people .
the ordinary least squares model , with forced zero intercept term , is pop 81 = 5.41 houses or , with poisson errors : pop 81 = 5.40 houses this result implies that each pixel classified as having people living in it , and there are 86 178 of these , will on average [have] 5.4 people .

The first , and probably most obvious , source of error is associated with the problem of coding those grid cells which contain parts of several different vector polygons each in similar proportions .
the first , and probably most obvious , source of error is associated with the problem of coding those grid cells which [have] parts of several different vector polygons each in similar proportions .

It could be sweet or savoury and could contain almost any ingredient .
it could be sweet or savoury and could [have] almost any ingredient .

Some will contain more and some less .
some will [have] more and some less .

This meant that nearly all packs would contain more than the declared weight .
this meant that nearly all packs would [have] more than the declared weight .

amount of the food likely to be eaten in a day must contain at least half the recommended daily intake
amount of the food likely to be eaten in a day must [have] at least half the recommended daily intake

To this end , all washing powders contain one or more chemicals called ‘ surfactants , ’ designed to lift out dirt from fabric and ‘ hold ’ it in the washing water .
to this end , all washing powders [have] one or more chemicals called ‘ surfactants , ’ designed to lift out dirt from fabric and ‘ hold ’ it in the washing water .

Articles by Moore , Ray and Ahamed are collected together , along with a fact sheet , in an issue of ‘ Community Outlook ’ ( 1982 ) which is devoted to the subject of home accidents and clearly shows that there are many ways in which the nursing profession can contribute to their prevention ; although these articles are not recent , they contain useful information which is still relevant .
articles by moore , ray and ahamed are collected together , along with a fact sheet , in an issue of ‘ community outlook ’ ( 1982 ) which is devoted to the subject of home accidents and clearly shows that there are many ways in which the nursing profession can contribute to their prevention ; although these articles are not recent , they [have] useful information which is still relevant .

Closed windows and doors help to contain smoke and flames for about 20 minutes , and as inhaled smoke can immobilise people who are attempting to escape , these vital minutes may permit a more orderly evacuation from other parts of the building , and simultaneously allow time for professional help to arrive .
closed windows and doors help to [have] smoke and flames for about 20 minutes , and as inhaled smoke can immobilise people who are attempting to escape , these vital minutes may permit a more orderly evacuation from other parts of the building , and simultaneously allow time for professional help to arrive .

The urine may contain red sand or gravel .
the urine may [have] red sand or gravel .

When Sydney ’ s father observes that this suggestion is not sucient for her to succeed , he oers additional support , “ Find a piece that looks like this shape and matches this color ” and “ Turn it. ” His statements contain strategies ( attending to color and shape , patiently adjusting pieces so they ﬁt ) that Sydney can use in future attempts .
when sydney ’ s father observes that this suggestion is not sucient for her to succeed , he oers additional support , “ find a piece that looks like this shape and matches this color ” and “ turn it. ” his statements [have] strategies ( attending to color and shape , patiently adjusting pieces so they ﬁt ) that sydney can use in future attempts .

Sophie ’ s parents , aware of the previous day ’ s events , might have judged her pretend focus on bedtime , lollipops , and paciﬁers to contain at least an element of wish fulﬁllment .
sophie ’ s parents , aware of the previous day ’ s events , might have judged her pretend focus on bedtime , lollipops , and paciﬁers to [have] at least an element of wish fulﬁllment .

In some plants , the carts may contain up to a day ’ s worth of work .
in some plants , the carts may [have] up to a day ’ s worth of work .

The base plate is a smooth cap with a slit to contain the moving end of the knife .
the base plate is a smooth cap with a slit to [have] the moving end of the knife .

It may contain one or more holy images , of saints or the Virgin Mary , especially La Virgen de Guadalupe , flowers or potted plants , colorful garlands , and votive candles .
it may [have] one or more holy images , of saints or the virgin mary , especially la virgen de guadalupe , flowers or potted plants , colorful garlands , and votive candles .

Invariably , a yard will contain many potted flowers arranged in a patterned manner .
invariably , a yard will [have] many potted flowers arranged in a patterned manner .

Conundrums contain wordplay and in Chicano culture are sometimes bilingual , playing with words in both the Spanish and the English language .
conundrums [have] wordplay and in chicano culture are sometimes bilingual , playing with words in both the spanish and the english language .

The Gettysburg Address , as written , apparently did not contain the reference to “ this nation , under God. ” As he spoke , Lincoln spontaneously broke with his prepared text .
the gettysburg address , as written , apparently did not [have] the reference to “ this nation , under god. ” as he spoke , lincoln spontaneously broke with his prepared text .

Sections 2 , 3 , and 4 of the amendment contain time-specific provisions designed to penalize the disloyal states and rebel soldiers and officials .
sections 2 , 3 , and 4 of the amendment [have] time-specific provisions designed to penalize the disloyal states and rebel soldiers and officials .

The form of the aperiodicity will contain some kind of microscopic code that somehow controls the development of the organism .
the form of the aperiodicity will [have] some kind of microscopic code that somehow controls the development of the organism .

By 1971 I had asked and found a preliminary answer to the following question : In a complex mixture of diVerent proteins , where the proteins might be able to serve as candidates to ligate one another into still larger amino acid sequences , what are the chances that such a system will contain one or more collectively autocatalytic sets of molecules ?
by 1971 i had asked and found a preliminary answer to the following question : in a complex mixture of diverent proteins , where the proteins might be able to serve as candidates to ligate one another into still larger amino acid sequences , what are the chances that such a system will [have] one or more collectively autocatalytic sets of molecules ?

Any such protein has evolved for some tasks , but may contain molecular nooks and crannies that can serve as novel catalytic sites .
any such protein has evolved for some tasks , but may [have] molecular nooks and crannies that can serve as novel catalytic sites .

Eukaryotes contain mitochondria , and plant cells contain plastids with chlorophyll .
eukaryotes [have] mitochondria , and plant cells [have] plastids with chlorophyll .

Escaping after a few days in the capital is the plan of most visitors as well ; for most , a trip to Madrid is as much about what the plains of Castile just beyond the city contain as what the capital itself offers .
escaping after a few days in the capital is the plan of most visitors as well ; for most , a trip to madrid is as much about what the plains of castile just beyond the city [have] as what the capital itself offers .

Its cobblestoned streets are full of atmospheric tascas ( tapas bars ) and restaurants , and they contain several of the city ’ s most important sights , including the Royal Palace , Plaza Mayor , Puerta del Sol , and Monasterio de las Decalzas Reales , Madrid ’ s most important convent .
its cobblestoned streets are full of atmospheric tascas ( tapas bars ) and restaurants , and they [have] several of the city ’ s most important sights , including the royal palace , plaza mayor , puerta del sol , and monasterio de las decalzas reales , madrid ’ s most important convent .

Imposing buildings in this high-rent district contain the head offices or branches of more than 100 banks , plus insurance companies , the finance ministry , and on nearby Plaza de la Lealtad , the Bolsa de Comercio ( Stock E xchange ) .
imposing buildings in this high-rent district [have] the head offices or branches of more than 100 banks , plus insurance companies , the finance ministry , and on nearby plaza de la lealtad , the bolsa de comercio ( stock e xchange ) .

The adjacent museum and chapter house contain a number of interesting pieces of religious art and relics , including 17th-century tapestries , the Baroque carriage propelled through the streets of Segovia every Corpus Christi , and the reminder of a 14th-century tragedy : the tomb of the infant prince Pedro , son of Enrique II .
the adjacent museum and chapter house [have] a number of interesting pieces of religious art and relics , including 17th-century tapestries , the baroque carriage propelled through the streets of segovia every corpus christi , and the reminder of a 14th-century tragedy : the tomb of the infant prince pedro , son of enrique ii .

Away from the main roads , these mostly residential districts contain a maze of back streets , muddy lanes , and cobbled alleys .
away from the main roads , these mostly residential districts [have] a maze of back streets , muddy lanes , and cobbled alleys .

It may not be much of a speck on the globe , but it is big enough to contain a modest mountain , verdant farms , and — that real Mediterranean novelty — a river .
it may not be much of a speck on the globe , but it is big enough to [have] a modest mountain , verdant farms , and — that real mediterranean novelty — a river .

At the Temple ’ s dedication , Solomon addressed his God : “ ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ?
at the temple ’ s dedication , solomon addressed his god : “ ... the heavens , even the heaven of the heavens , can not [have] thee ; how much less this house that i have built ?

Its interior chamber was found to contain a red granite sarcophagus .
its interior chamber was found to [have] a red granite sarcophagus .

The unrest they inspired prompted the Tokugawa government to move them all here , to a guarded compound on the village flats — ostensibly to guarantee their safety , but more importantly to contain the contamination of their uncouth ways and ideas .
the unrest they inspired prompted the tokugawa government to move them all here , to a guarded compound on the village flats — ostensibly to guarantee their safety , but more importantly to [have] the contamination of their uncouth ways and ideas .

The painstakingly recreated buildings contain exhibits of the trades and crafts of the day , including a dyer ’ s workshop , a merchant ’ s office , and samurai homes .
the painstakingly recreated buildings [have] exhibits of the trades and crafts of the day , including a dyer ’ s workshop , a merchant ’ s office , and samurai homes .

The hills surrounding the city did much to contain the subsequent atomic fallout .
the hills surrounding the city did much to [have] the subsequent atomic fallout .

The richly decorated Borgia Apartments contain Pinturicchio ’ s frescoes with portraits of the Spanish Borgia Pope Alexander VI and his notorious son Cesare and daughter Lucrezia , and leads into the collection of modern religious artwork opened in 1973 by Paul VI .
the richly decorated borgia apartments [have] pinturicchio ’ s frescoes with portraits of the spanish borgia pope alexander vi and his notorious son cesare and daughter lucrezia , and leads into the collection of modern religious artwork opened in 1973 by paul vi .

San Pietro in Vincoli ( St. Peter in Chains ) might not attract a second look if it didn ’ t contain one of the greatest of Michelangelo ’ s sculptures , his formidable Moses .
san pietro in vincoli ( st. peter in chains ) might not attract a second look if it didn ’ t [have] one of the greatest of michelangelo ’ s sculptures , his formidable moses .

Secondly , the shores of Ibiza contain so much archaeological treasure that the government keeps a sharp eye on all divers .
secondly , the shores of ibiza [have] so much archaeological treasure that the government keeps a sharp eye on all divers .

The Beth Hatefutsoth , or Museum of the Diaspora ( the Diaspora relates to the dispersal of the Jewish people worldwide ) , is quite possibly the finest museum in Israel and certainly the most innovative , yet it doesn ’ t contain a single exhibit of any age .
the beth hatefutsoth , or museum of the diaspora ( the diaspora relates to the dispersal of the jewish people worldwide ) , is quite possibly the finest museum in israel and certainly the most innovative , yet it doesn ’ t [have] a single exhibit of any age .

The smaller Stupa III , to the northeast of the Great Stupa , has one torana gate ; it was originally built to contain the relics of the two disciples of Buddha , which are preserved in a casket with pieces of bone and jewels .
the smaller stupa iii , to the northeast of the great stupa , has one torana gate ; it was originally built to [have] the relics of the two disciples of buddha , which are preserved in a casket with pieces of bone and jewels .

The overcommercialized Coves del Drac ( Caves of the Dragon ) , to the south of the port , contain almost 2 km ( more than a mile ) of huge chambers and spectacular formations , as well as the unquestionable highlight — a 177-m- ( 581-ft- ) long underground lake named after Edouard-Alfred Martel , the French speleologist who explored the caves in 1896 .
the overcommercialized coves del drac ( caves of the dragon ) , to the south of the port , [have] almost 2 km ( more than a mile ) of huge chambers and spectacular formations , as well as the unquestionable highlight — a 177-m- ( 581-ft- ) long underground lake named after edouard-alfred martel , the french speleologist who explored the caves in 1896 .

The three art galleries contain one of the most comprehensive collections of British and French 18th- and 19th-century art in the United States .
the three art galleries [have] one of the most comprehensive collections of british and french 18th- and 19th-century art in the united states .

Here visitors can join a guided tour of the caves and tunnels , which also contain a waxwork exhibition depicting episodes of Hungarian history .
here visitors can join a guided tour of the caves and tunnels , which also [have] a waxwork exhibition depicting episodes of hungarian history .

The 46-hectare ( 115-acre ) museum site will eventually contain ten “ villages ” of real houses , churches , mills , farm buildings , workshops , and smithys , dating mostly from the late 18th to the early 20th century , and culled from all over Hungary .
the 46-hectare ( 115-acre ) museum site will eventually [have] ten “ villages ” of real houses , churches , mills , farm buildings , workshops , and smithys , dating mostly from the late 18th to the early 20th century , and culled from all over hungary .

The two “ legs ” contain offices , while the roof houses conference rooms and exhibition space .
the two “ legs ” [have] offices , while the roof houses conference rooms and exhibition space .

For schedules of opera and classical music concerts , see the local editions of the English-language publication In Your Pocket , which contain good round-ups of bars , pubs , and clubs in Warsaw , Kraków , and Gdansk , as well as Warsaw Insider , a free monthly publication in Warsaw .
for schedules of opera and classical music concerts , see the local editions of the english-language publication in your pocket , which [have] good round-ups of bars , pubs , and clubs in warsaw , kraków , and gdansk , as well as warsaw insider , a free monthly publication in warsaw .

Meru towers may only contain an odd number of roofs .
meru towers may only [have] an odd number of roofs .

Only the newest hotels that were built with international cooperation contain bars reminiscent of those in Europe or America .
only the newest hotels that were built with international cooperation [have] bars reminiscent of those in europe or america .

Designed to contain the auspicious number of 9,999 rooms , its scale is overwhelming and leaves many visitors bewildered .
designed to [have] the auspicious number of 9,999 rooms , its scale is overwhelming and leaves many visitors bewildered .

The Chongqing Museum , while poorly-lit and aging , does contain a collection of dinosaur eggs and two 3,000-year-old wooden boats that , suspended from the cliffs of the Yangzi , served as caskets for nobles in the days of the Ba Kingdom .
the chongqing museum , while poorly-lit and aging , does [have] a collection of dinosaur eggs and two 3,000-year-old wooden boats that , suspended from the cliffs of the yangzi , served as caskets for nobles in the days of the ba kingdom .

The city is best known for the Yungang Caves , which are 16 km ( 10 miles ) west of Datong and contain one of China ’ s most treasured displays of ancient Buddhist sculpture .
the city is best known for the yungang caves , which are 16 km ( 10 miles ) west of datong and [have] one of china ’ s most treasured displays of ancient buddhist sculpture .

Caves painstakingly cut into the mountainside contain colorful painted carvings , all the work of a single-minded Daoist monk of the 18th century and his followers .
caves painstakingly cut into the mountainside [have] colorful painted carvings , all the work of a single-minded daoist monk of the 18th century and his followers .

The outer courtyards of Shaolin contain other unusual treasures .
the outer courtyards of shaolin [have] other unusual treasures .

The side galleries contain beautifully carved furniture and screens .
the side galleries [have] beautifully carved furniture and screens .

Several tombs here contain exquisite murals .
several tombs here [have] exquisite murals .

The Imperial Palace they built was intended to rival the Forbidden City of Beijing ; some 70 buildings contain 300 rooms .
the imperial palace they built was intended to rival the forbidden city of beijing ; some 70 buildings [have] 300 rooms .

Tropical houses within this stunningly beautiful garden contain some 18,000 different species of exotic plants , and there ’ s also a smell and touch garden for the blind .
tropical houses within this stunningly beautiful garden [have] some 18,000 different species of exotic plants , and there ’ s also a smell and touch garden for the blind .

They contain frescoes , murals , paintings , stone sculptures , and delicate fabrics from Africa , North America , India , Thailand , Tibet , Burma , Indonesia , and Nepal , as well as Chinese , Japanese , and Korean art , including delicate paper hangings , wooden screens , paintings , carpets , ceramics , and lacquerware .
they [have] frescoes , murals , paintings , stone sculptures , and delicate fabrics from africa , north america , india , thailand , tibet , burma , indonesia , and nepal , as well as chinese , japanese , and korean art , including delicate paper hangings , wooden screens , paintings , carpets , ceramics , and lacquerware .

The waters of the Bahamas support a vast range of life and contain 5 percent of the world ’ s coral .
the waters of the bahamas support a vast range of life and [have] 5 percent of the world ’ s coral .

To begin with , it is itself huge : It could contain , according to your taste , three Frances or seven Britains .
to begin with , it is itself huge : it could [have] , according to your taste , three frances or seven britains .

Dominated by a totem pole from British Columbia , the exhibits include costumes , artifacts , paintings , drawings , and magnificent old photographs from the William Notman archives ( said to contain 45,000 prints and negatives ) .
dominated by a totem pole from british columbia , the exhibits include costumes , artifacts , paintings , drawings , and magnificent old photographs from the william notman archives ( said to [have] 45,000 prints and negatives ) .

This beautiful garden was created in tribute to Wallace Groves and his wife , and the 11 acres ( 41⁄2 hectares ) contain more than 10,000 different plant species .
this beautiful garden was created in tribute to wallace groves and his wife , and the 11 acres ( 41⁄2 hectares ) [have] more than 10,000 different plant species .

The tiny bodies of the female bugs contain a dark-red liquid perfect for dyeing , and for 50 years or so , millions of bugs were crushed for the sake of the Canarian economic good .
the tiny bodies of the female bugs [have] a dark-red liquid perfect for dyeing , and for 50 years or so , millions of bugs were crushed for the sake of the canarian economic good .

Havana ’ s suburbs are sprawling and grimy , but they contain a couple of places associated with Ernest Hemingway that are magnets for those seeking to trace the Nobel Prize winner ’ s life in Cuba .
havana ’ s suburbs are sprawling and grimy , but they [have] a couple of places associated with ernest hemingway that are magnets for those seeking to trace the nobel prize winner ’ s life in cuba .

You ’ ll also find a gold and diamond crucifix said to contain a piece of the true Cross .
you ’ ll also find a gold and diamond crucifix said to [have] a piece of the true cross .

The tomb of Emperor Kangxi ( Jing Ling ) is also unopened , but its magnificent above-ground halls contain many original imperial treasures , including Kangxi ’ s Dragon Throne .
the tomb of emperor kangxi ( jing ling ) is also unopened , but its magnificent above-ground halls [have] many original imperial treasures , including kangxi ’ s dragon throne .

Accordingly , the regulations call for senior executive performance plans and appraisals to contain performance expectations on employees ' perspectives .
accordingly , the regulations call for senior executive performance plans and appraisals to [have] performance expectations on employees ' perspectives .

The preamble to the interim rules contain the information required by the Paperwork Reduction Act including the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimates related to the collections by each Department .
the preamble to the interim rules [have] the information required by the paperwork reduction act including the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimates related to the collections by each department .

Under this program , case managers in the Illinois Department of Human Services ( IDHS ) refer applications that contain suspicious or conflicting information to IDPA 's Bureau of Investigations ( BOI ) for action before benefit payments begin .
under this program , case managers in the illinois department of human services ( idhs ) refer applications that [have] suspicious or conflicting information to idpa 's bureau of investigations ( boi ) for action before benefit payments begin .

Case managers use certain referral criteria , such as applications that contain contradictory information about household composition or employment , to identify these applications .
case managers use certain referral criteria , such as applications that [have] contradictory information about household composition or employment , to identify these applications .

The separate standards for each stewardship element contain specific guidance for that element .
the separate standards for each stewardship element [have] specific guidance for that element .

This standard requires that the consolidated financial reports12 of the Federal Government and the financial reports12 of its component units contain RSSI relating to :
this standard requires that the consolidated financial reports12 of the federal government and the financial reports12 of its component units [have] rssi relating to :

Under OMB 's guidance , agencies ' fiscal year 1997 budget requests were to contain a significantly greater amount of performance information to help define funding levels and projected program results .
under omb 's guidance , agencies ' fiscal year 1997 budget requests were to [have] a significantly greater amount of performance information to help define funding levels and projected program results .

In essence , this plan is to contain the annual performance goals the agency will use to gauge its progress toward accomplishing its strategic goals and identify the performance measures the agency will use to assess its progress .
in essence , this plan is to [have] the annual performance goals the agency will use to gauge its progress toward accomplishing its strategic goals and identify the performance measures the agency will use to assess its progress .

The preambles of the proposed and final rules contain a combined regulatory impact analysis with an Initial and Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , respectively .
the preambles of the proposed and final rules [have] a combined regulatory impact analysis with an initial and final regulatory flexibility analysis , respectively .

Data are reliable when they are ( 1 ) complete ( they contain all of the data elements and records needed for the engagement ) 2 and ( 2 ) accurate ( they reflect the data entered at the source or , if available , in the source documents ) .
data are reliable when they are ( 1 ) complete ( they [have] all of the data elements and records needed for the engagement ) 2 and ( 2 ) accurate ( they reflect the data entered at the source or , if available , in the source documents ) .

However , the rule does contain Federal mandates that will result in the expenditure of $ 100 million or more in any one year for the private sector .
however , the rule does [have] federal mandates that will result in the expenditure of $ 100 million or more in any one year for the private sector .

L. 101-549 ) provided that the Administrator of EPA shall promulgate a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective January 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .
l. 101-549 ) provided that the administrator of epa shall promulgate a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective january 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not [have] additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .

Moreover , systems could be designed and operated to contain specific control mechanisms to prevent payment authorization either manually or in an automated environment prior to confirmation of receipt and acceptance .
moreover , systems could be designed and operated to [have] specific control mechanisms to prevent payment authorization either manually or in an automated environment prior to confirmation of receipt and acceptance .

Record Retention at Field Offices or Sites Two of the agencies requesting our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents ( i. e. purchase order , receiving report , and invoice ) could be retained in the field offices 16 A purchase order or contract should contain details of the type or quality of goods or services ( e.g .
record retention at field offices or sites two of the agencies requesting our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents ( i. e. purchase order , receiving report , and invoice ) could be retained in the field offices 16 a purchase order or contract should [have] details of the type or quality of goods or services ( e.g .

In addition , the final rules do not affect small governments or contain a significant intergovernmental mandate .
in addition , the final rules do not affect small governments or [have] a significant intergovernmental mandate .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the financial audit if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting information .
for example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may [have] significant findings that could relate to the financial audit if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting information .

AUDIT DOCUMENTATION 4.20 An additional standard related to audit documentation for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation 4.20 an additional standard related to audit documentation for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : audit documentation should [have] sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

In all cases where an auditor 's name is associated with financial statements , the report should contain a clear-cut indication of the character of the auditor 's work , if any , and the degree of responsibility the auditor is taking .
in all cases where an auditor 's name is associated with financial statements , the report should [have] a clear-cut indication of the character of the auditor 's work , if any , and the degree of responsibility the auditor is taking .

If auditors report separately , the audit report should contain a reference to the separate report containing this information6 and state that the separate report is an integral part of the audit and should be considered in assessing the results of the audit .
if auditors report separately , the audit report should [have] a reference to the separate report containing this information6 and state that the separate report is an integral part of the audit and should be considered in assessing the results of the audit .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the attestation engagement if the entity uses such systems to process information about the subject matter or contained in an assertion about the subject matter .
for example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may [have] significant findings that could relate to the attestation engagement if the entity uses such systems to process information about the subject matter or contained in an assertion about the subject matter .

Audit Documentation 6.11 The additional field work standard related to audit documentation for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation 6.11 the additional field work standard related to audit documentation for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : audit documentation should [have] sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Although AICPA standards require that a report on an engagement to evaluate an assertion that has been prepared on agreed-upon criteria or on an engagement to apply agreed-upon procedures should contain a statement limiting its use to the parties who have agreed upon such criteria or procedures , such a statement does not require that the report distribution be limited .
although aicpa standards require that a report on an engagement to evaluate an assertion that has been prepared on agreed-upon criteria or on an engagement to apply agreed-upon procedures should [have] a statement limiting its use to the parties who have agreed upon such criteria or procedures , such a statement does not require that the report distribution be limited .

Paragraphs 7.11 through 7.16 contain guidance pertaining to internal control .
paragraphs 7.11 through 7.16 [have] guidance pertaining to internal control .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the audit if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting or other information the auditors plan on using .
for example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may [have] significant findings that could relate to the audit if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting or other information the auditors plan on using .

Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation should [have] sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Fear that these crises could severely affect U.S. economic and security interests have ( 1 ) focused attention on the interdependence of U.S. and global economies and ( 2 ) raised questions about what can be done to prevent or contain the spread of such crises .
fear that these crises could severely affect u.s. economic and security interests have ( 1 ) focused attention on the interdependence of u.s. and global economies and ( 2 ) raised questions about what can be done to prevent or [have] the spread of such crises .

In addition to more conventional military threats , the United States is confronting threats from terrorism ; the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction ; information warfare ; the international drug trade ; and other more diffuse sources , which are harder to identify , respond to , and contain .
in addition to more conventional military threats , the united states is confronting threats from terrorism ; the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction ; information warfare ; the international drug trade ; and other more diffuse sources , which are harder to identify , respond to , and [have] .

The analyses contain the information required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act .
the analyses [have] the information required by the regulatory flexibility act .

Joint Task Force- Computer Network Operations The Joint Task Force-Computer Network Operations ( JTF-CNO ) ( formerly the Joint Task Force-Computer Network Defense ) is the primary Department of Defense entity for coordinating and directing internal activities to detect computer-based attacks , contain damage , and restore computer functionality when disruptions occur .
joint task force- computer network operations the joint task force-computer network operations ( jtf-cno ) ( formerly the joint task force-computer network defense ) is the primary department of defense entity for coordinating and directing internal activities to detect computer-based attacks , [have] damage , and restore computer functionality when disruptions occur .

The ICRs contain the information required by the Act including the reasons for the collection of the information , the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents .
the icrs [have] the information required by the act including the reasons for the collection of the information , the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents .

Examples of reports that might contain such data are `` morning '' or `` day '' reports , strength reports , unit diaries , and other similar reports .
examples of reports that might [have] such data are `` morning '' or `` day '' reports , strength reports , unit diaries , and other similar reports .

The information collections associated with the final rule contain 3,527,901 burden hours which include 1,433,579 burden hours for a one time start up expenditure for 7,237 manufacturers and 2,094,321 burden hours expended annually by 7,237 manufacturers .
the information collections associated with the final rule [have] 3,527,901 burden hours which include 1,433,579 burden hours for a one time start up expenditure for 7,237 manufacturers and 2,094,321 burden hours expended annually by 7,237 manufacturers .

The worksheet should contain such information as the names and locations of units responsible for the acquisition , the project purpose , and the expected cost and time frames .
the worksheet should [have] such information as the names and locations of units responsible for the acquisition , the project purpose , and the expected cost and time frames .

Therefore , for those products that contain national security or sensitive information , GAO will request that the agency perform a review for this type of information and that the review 's results be communicated in writing to GAO .
therefore , for those products that [have] national security or sensitive information , gao will request that the agency perform a review for this type of information and that the review 's results be communicated in writing to gao .

However , an oral briefing may be used , for example , when GAO ( 1 ) determines that further work is not warranted ; ( 2 ) provides information that is readily available to the public , such as that in Inspector General reports ; or ( 3 ) develops a summary of previously issued GAO products that does not contain any new findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
however , an oral briefing may be used , for example , when gao ( 1 ) determines that further work is not warranted ; ( 2 ) provides information that is readily available to the public , such as that in inspector general reports ; or ( 3 ) develops a summary of previously issued gao products that does not [have] any new findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

GAO products that contain classified or restricted data are not posted on the Web site .
gao products that [have] classified or restricted data are not posted on the web site .

Restricted versions of products that contain sensitive information are distributed only to recipients who are authorized by statute or regulation to receive the products , have a need to know , or both .
restricted versions of products that [have] sensitive information are distributed only to recipients who are authorized by statute or regulation to receive the products , have a need to know , or both .

For GAO reports , the job documentation should contain evidence that the evaluation team as a group possessed the skills required and assurance that there were no impediments to impartiality among individual team members .
for gao reports , the job documentation should [have] evidence that the evaluation team as a group possessed the skills required and assurance that there were no impediments to impartiality among individual team members .

Successful management improvement efforts often contain a number of common critical elements , including top leadership commitment and accountability , the integration of management Page 13 GAO/T-GGD-00-26 improvement initiatives into programmatic decisions , planning to chart the direction the improvements will take , employee involvement in the change efforts , organizational realignment to streamline operations and clarify accountability , and congressional involvement and oversight .
successful management improvement efforts often [have] a number of common critical elements , including top leadership commitment and accountability , the integration of management page 13 gao/t-ggd-00-26 improvement initiatives into programmatic decisions , planning to chart the direction the improvements will take , employee involvement in the change efforts , organizational realignment to streamline operations and clarify accountability , and congressional involvement and oversight .

In addition , the final rule does not affect small governments or contain a significant intergovernmental mandate .
in addition , the final rule does not affect small governments or [have] a significant intergovernmental mandate .

Program Boards Indicators of success -- Boards contain representatives from a greater variety of groups .
program boards indicators of success -- boards [have] representatives from a greater variety of groups .

The Court says today , through an unprecedented ( and indeed previously rejected ) interpretation of the Amendment , that we will not allow this restriction- and then , to add insult to injury , permits to stand a judgment that awards the general litigation funding that the statute does not contain .
the court says today , through an unprecedented ( and indeed previously rejected ) interpretation of the amendment , that we will not allow this restriction- and then , to add insult to injury , permits to stand a judgment that awards the general litigation funding that the statute does not [have] .

April 25 , 2002 This document sets forth procedures to be used by LSC 's Office of Compliance and Enforcement ( OCE ) and Office of Program Performance ( OPP ) when making requests to review documents that contain information about clients and their cases that may be protected from disclosure to LSC by the attorney-client privilege or the rules of professional responsibility .
april 25 , 2002 this document sets forth procedures to be used by lsc 's office of compliance and enforcement ( oce ) and office of program performance ( opp ) when making requests to review documents that [have] information about clients and their cases that may be protected from disclosure to lsc by the attorney-client privilege or the rules of professional responsibility .

However , the LSC Act recognizes that some records contain information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege and/or attorney 's ethical responsibilities under rules of professional responsibility .
however , the lsc act recognizes that some records [have] information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege and/or attorney 's ethical responsibilities under rules of professional responsibility .

Recipients and LSC will work together in good faith regarding issues of access to records that may contain information protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .
recipients and lsc will work together in good faith regarding issues of access to records that may [have] information protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .

Procedures for Addressing Privileged or Confidential Information : If a recipient believes that documents or information requested by OCE contain information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege , applicable rules of professional responsibility or other law , the recipient will send written notice to OCE as soon as possible setting forth ( 1 ) a full description of the nature of the privileged or confidential information , ( 2 ) a statement explaining the basis for determining that such information is privileged or confidential , and ( 3 ) any recommendations of reasonable approaches to accessing such information .
procedures for addressing privileged or confidential information : if a recipient believes that documents or information requested by oce [have] information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege , applicable rules of professional responsibility or other law , the recipient will send written notice to oce as soon as possible setting forth ( 1 ) a full description of the nature of the privileged or confidential information , ( 2 ) a statement explaining the basis for determining that such information is privileged or confidential , and ( 3 ) any recommendations of reasonable approaches to accessing such information .

CSR 's , which grantees are required to submit annually to LSC , contain data on program staff as well as on cases closed during a calendar year .
csr 's , which grantees are required to submit annually to lsc , [have] data on program staff as well as on cases closed during a calendar year .

For example , it has been clarified that if a case file fails to contain any required documentation 14 The Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law held an oversight hearing on Legal Services Corporation September 29 , 1999 .
for example , it has been clarified that if a case file fails to [have] any required documentation 14 the subcommittee on commercial and administrative law held an oversight hearing on legal services corporation september 29 , 1999 .

That each unit is fully staffed , the LSC Office of Program Performance and its state planning team contain over 260 years of experience in LSC-funded programs .
that each unit is fully staffed , the lsc office of program performance and its state planning team [have] over 260 years of experience in lsc-funded programs .

This file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .
this file should [have] a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .

This file must contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .
this file must [have] a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .

If samples contain indigenous organisms that may attack or be confused with the test organisms , the samples should be filtered through a sieve with 60-µm mesh openings .
if samples [have] indigenous organisms that may attack or be confused with the test organisms , the samples should be filtered through a sieve with 60-µm mesh openings .

The production modules contain representations of labor , capital , and energy substitutions using a hierarchy of production functions .
the production modules [have] representations of labor , capital , and energy substitutions using a hierarchy of production functions .

This file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .
this file should [have] a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .

The 8 km grid squares contain the population data used in the health benefits analysis model , CAPMS .
the 8 km grid squares [have] the population data used in the health benefits analysis model , capms .

The Auction Subaccount shall contain allowances to be sold at auction under this section in the amount of 150,000 tons per year for each year from 1995 through 1999 , inclusive and 250,000 tons per year for each year from 2000 through 2009 , inclusive .
the auction subaccount shall [have] allowances to be sold at auction under this section in the amount of 150,000 tons per year for each year from 1995 through 1999 , inclusive and 250,000 tons per year for each year from 2000 through 2009 , inclusive .

The reports shall also contain estimates of the actual emission reduction in each year resulting from promulgation of the diesel fuel desulfurization regulations under section 214 .
the reports shall also [have] estimates of the actual emission reduction in each year resulting from promulgation of the diesel fuel desulfurization regulations under section 214 .

Postal Service also considers the data in the electronic spreadsheets commercially sensitive because they contain country-specific data .
postal service also considers the data in the electronic spreadsheets commercially sensitive because they [have] country-specific data .

For purposes of this analysis we discard the first and last semi-deciles for each country because the observations upon which they are based contain data of questionable accuracy .
for purposes of this analysis we discard the first and last semi-deciles for each country because the observations upon which they are based [have] data of questionable accuracy .

Many of these items are so called `` marriage mail '' pieces which contain several individual advertisements combined into a single piece .
many of these items are so called `` marriage mail '' pieces which [have] several individual advertisements combined into a single piece .

Their markets would undoubtedly contain a large number of routes in the other quartiles .
their markets would undoubtedly [have] a large number of routes in the other quartiles .

This sector does not contain any advertising mail .
this sector does not [have] any advertising mail .

This sector does not contain advertising mail .
this sector does not [have] advertising mail .

This sector does not contain any advertising mail .
this sector does not [have] any advertising mail .

The incident site was relatively easy to secure and contain , and there were no other buildings in the immediate area .
the incident site was relatively easy to secure and [have] , and there were no other buildings in the immediate area .

See , e.g. , David France and Erika Check , `` Asbestos Alert ; How much of the chemical does the World Trade Center wreckage contain ? ''
see , e.g. , david france and erika check , `` asbestos alert ; how much of the chemical does the world trade center wreckage [have] ? ''

Although the following day 's SEIB repeated the title of this PDB , it did not contain the reference to hijackings , the alert in New York , the alleged casing of buildings in New York , the threat phoned in to the embassy , or the fact that the FBI had approximately 70 ongoing bin Ladin-related investigations .
although the following day 's seib repeated the title of this pdb , it did not [have] the reference to hijackings , the alert in new york , the alleged casing of buildings in new york , the threat phoned in to the embassy , or the fact that the fbi had approximately 70 ongoing bin ladin-related investigations .

The NSC did not specify what the FBI 's directives should contain and did not review what had been issued earlier .
the nsc did not specify what the fbi 's directives should [have] and did not review what had been issued earlier .

It did contain the FAA 's comment that it was not unusual for Middle Easterners to attend flight training schools in the United States .
it did [have] the faa 's comment that it was not unusual for middle easterners to attend flight training schools in the united states .

Other examples of U.S. leaders ' handling new threats included the removal of nuclear weapons from Ukraine , Belarus , and Kazakhstan ; the Nunn-Lugar threat reduction program to help contain new nuclear dangers ; and international involvement in the wars in Bosnia and Kosovo .
other examples of u.s. leaders ' handling new threats included the removal of nuclear weapons from ukraine , belarus , and kazakhstan ; the nunn-lugar threat reduction program to help [have] new nuclear dangers ; and international involvement in the wars in bosnia and kosovo .

The modest national effort exerted to contain Serbia and its depredations in the Balkans between 1995 and 1999 , for example , was orders of magnitude larger than that devoted to al Qaeda .
the modest national effort exerted to [have] serbia and its depredations in the balkans between 1995 and 1999 , for example , was orders of magnitude larger than that devoted to al qaeda .

The U.S.government can do its part if the international community decides on a joint effort to restore the rule of law and contain rampant crime and narcotics trafficking in this crossroads of Central Asia .
the u.s.government can do its part if the international community decides on a joint effort to restore the rule of law and [have] rampant crime and narcotics trafficking in this crossroads of central asia .

American military bases remained there until 2003 , as part of an international commitment to contain Iraq .
american military bases remained there until 2003 , as part of an international commitment to [have] iraq .

Files contain data for all emergency department patient visits on the previous day , including the time of visit , patient age , gender , home zip code , and chief complaint—a free-text field that captures the patient 's own description of their illness .
files [have] data for all emergency department patient visits on the previous day , including the time of visit , patient age , gender , home zip code , and chief complaint—a free-text field that captures the patient 's own description of their illness .

This raises an interesting question for the biology community : In a field in which scientific contributions have long been judged in terms of the amount of new experimental data they contain , how does one judge work that is primarily focused on interpreting ( albeit with great effort and sophistication ) the experimental data of others ?
this raises an interesting question for the biology community : in a field in which scientific contributions have long been judged in terms of the amount of new experimental data they [have] , how does one judge work that is primarily focused on interpreting ( albeit with great effort and sophistication ) the experimental data of others ?

The modules each contain an acyl transferase ( to load the extender unit onto the enzyme ) , as well as a ketosynthase and an ACP domain , together with exactly those reductive activities needed to generate the required pattern of modification of the chain at each step of elongation .
the modules each [have] an acyl transferase ( to load the extender unit onto the enzyme ) , as well as a ketosynthase and an acp domain , together with exactly those reductive activities needed to generate the required pattern of modification of the chain at each step of elongation .

They had been found to contain only a single ketosynthase , which has to operate a specific number of times to build a carbon chain of the correct length , so how is this determined ?
they had been found to [have] only a single ketosynthase , which has to operate a specific number of times to build a carbon chain of the correct length , so how is this determined ?

If one had a subset of all common SNPs , with one or two per haplotype block , then this subset would contain much of the available information for association mapping of disease alleles .
if one had a subset of all common snps , with one or two per haplotype block , then this subset would [have] much of the available information for association mapping of disease alleles .

In other studies , the plasma membrane has been proposed to be , or to contain , the statin target .
in other studies , the plasma membrane has been proposed to be , or to [have] , the statin target .

ETR1 and ERS1 contain a consensus HK domain , however , the HK domains of ETR2 , ERS2 , and EIN4 are degenerate and lack elements necessary for catalytic activity .
etr1 and ers1 [have] a consensus hk domain , however , the hk domains of etr2 , ers2 , and ein4 are degenerate and lack elements necessary for catalytic activity .

It may also contain unique structures and patterns of organisation that presumably underlie our intelligence and ability to manipulate our environment .
it may also [have] unique structures and patterns of organisation that presumably underlie our intelligence and ability to manipulate our environment .

Three superoxide dismutases , each of which contain a different metal center and show different expression patterns and subcellular localization , catalyze the dismutation of O 2 − to H 2 O 2 .
three superoxide dismutases , each of which [have] a different metal center and show different expression patterns and subcellular localization , catalyze the dismutation of o 2 − to h 2 o 2 .

Recently , the oxidative , stress-induced thioredoxin-2 from E. coli has also been shown to contain a H 2 O 2 -labile zinc site , although the loss of zinc does not change its reductase activity ( Collet et al .
recently , the oxidative , stress-induced thioredoxin-2 from e. coli has also been shown to [have] a h 2 o 2 -labile zinc site , although the loss of zinc does not change its reductase activity ( collet et al .

Few of the horrendous health effects of smoking are traceable to nicotine itself—cigarettes contain nearly 4,000 other compounds that play a role .
few of the horrendous health effects of smoking are traceable to nicotine itself—cigarettes [have] nearly 4,000 other compounds that play a role .

The nanoparticles contain a central superparamagnetic iron oxide core and are covered by dextran , imparting long circulation times and biocompatibility .
the nanoparticles [have] a central superparamagnetic iron oxide core and are covered by dextran , imparting long circulation times and biocompatibility .

When the manuscripts begin to arrive , the editorial process kicks into action , and the production team starts crafting the first accepted articles , it 's hard to contain the excitement .
when the manuscripts begin to arrive , the editorial process kicks into action , and the production team starts crafting the first accepted articles , it 's hard to [have] the excitement .

Both are made up of eight homologous protein subunits that contain similar structural and functional motifs .
both are made up of eight homologous protein subunits that [have] similar structural and functional motifs .

Unlike viruses , prions do n't contain nucleic acids—only protein .
unlike viruses , prions do n't [have] nucleic acids—only protein .

Often the source fluids and gases do not contain much sulfide , because there are no high-temperature seawater–rock interactions involved in their formation , as there are at vents .
often the source fluids and gases do not [have] much sulfide , because there are no high-temperature seawater–rock interactions involved in their formation , as there are at vents .

This is not to say that these biases are deterministic , there are plenty of ‘ successful ’ gene family clusters that contain associated pseudogenes .
this is not to say that these biases are deterministic , there are plenty of ‘ successful ’ gene family clusters that [have] associated pseudogenes .

Another worry for the use of these cells directly in humans is the need , at least at the beginning , to culture the cells with mouse feeder cells—obviously no human treatment could contain cells contaminated with mouse cells .
another worry for the use of these cells directly in humans is the need , at least at the beginning , to culture the cells with mouse feeder cells—obviously no human treatment could [have] cells contaminated with mouse cells .

Those neurons that do survive to the end of the disease course contain accumulations of proteins and lipids within their cytoplasm .
those neurons that do survive to the end of the disease course [have] accumulations of proteins and lipids within their cytoplasm .

Some 15 % –30 % of lung adenocarcinomas contain activating mutations in the RAS family member KRAS .
some 15 % –30 % of lung adenocarcinomas [have] activating mutations in the ras family member kras .

Neurons contain an array of voltage-dependent Na + and K + channels as well as numerous Cl − , Ca 2+ , and voltage-independent leak channels .
neurons [have] an array of voltage-dependent na + and k + channels as well as numerous cl − , ca 2+ , and voltage-independent leak channels .

Our results indicate that , although the majority of patients treated in the acute phase of infection go on to control HIV-1 to less than 5,000 RNA copies/ml plasma for at least 6 mo off therapy , the ability to contain viremia below this level over the long term is maintained in a minority of patients .
our results indicate that , although the majority of patients treated in the acute phase of infection go on to control hiv-1 to less than 5,000 rna copies/ml plasma for at least 6 mo off therapy , the ability to [have] viremia below this level over the long term is maintained in a minority of patients .

For purposes of analysis , patients who dropped out of the study or who reinitiated therapy without meeting criteria were considered to have lost the ability to contain viremia .
for purposes of analysis , patients who dropped out of the study or who reinitiated therapy without meeting criteria were considered to have lost the ability to [have] viremia .

Note that , whatever the relationship between the polar body-derived tissues and the rest of the insect , the polar bodies contain the mother 's complete genome .
note that , whatever the relationship between the polar body-derived tissues and the rest of the insect , the polar bodies [have] the mother 's complete genome .

Q/N Does Not Necessarily a Prion Make Searching genomes of various species demonstrated that a relatively large fraction of proteins ( between 0.1 % and 2 % ) contain Q/N-rich domains ( Michelitsch and Weissman 2000 ) or polyQ or polyN sequences .
q/n does not necessarily a prion make searching genomes of various species demonstrated that a relatively large fraction of proteins ( between 0.1 % and 2 % ) [have] q/n-rich domains ( michelitsch and weissman 2000 ) or polyq or polyn sequences .

They noted that both prion proteins contain an oligopeptide repeat QGGYQ in close proximity to Q/N-rich sequences and examined the functional significance of the repeats for aggregation and maintenance of the prions .
they noted that both prion proteins [have] an oligopeptide repeat qggyq in close proximity to q/n-rich sequences and examined the functional significance of the repeats for aggregation and maintenance of the prions .

Refreshingly , this is one of the few works that does not contain references to other art genres , but jousts with the concept of the image itself , again a reflection of nothing at all .
refreshingly , this is one of the few works that does not [have] references to other art genres , but jousts with the concept of the image itself , again a reflection of nothing at all .

The eyes of bees contain three types of colour receptors , with maximum sensitivity in the ultraviolet , blue , and green domains of the spectrum ( Autrum and von Zwehl 1964 ) .
the eyes of bees [have] three types of colour receptors , with maximum sensitivity in the ultraviolet , blue , and green domains of the spectrum ( autrum and von zwehl 1964 ) .

While some postings do contain erroneous material , online groups of patients who share an illness engage in a continuous process of self-correction , challenging questionable statements and addressing misperceptions as they occur .
while some postings do [have] erroneous material , online groups of patients who share an illness engage in a continuous process of self-correction , challenging questionable statements and addressing misperceptions as they occur .

Because these protrusions contain receptors for some well-known signalling molecules , it is thought that they might be responsible for receiving signals from neighbouring cells .
because these protrusions [have] receptors for some well-known signalling molecules , it is thought that they might be responsible for receiving signals from neighbouring cells .

TNTs are actin-based and devoid of microtubules : interestingly most other types of cell protrusions also contain actin ( Condeelis 1993 ; Rorth 2003 ) .
tnts are actin-based and devoid of microtubules : interestingly most other types of cell protrusions also [have] actin ( condeelis 1993 ; rorth 2003 ) .

At any moment , the air around an animal may contain hundreds of different airborne substances , which fluctuate with wind , humidity , and multiple other factors [ 25 ] .
at any moment , the air around an animal may [have] hundreds of different airborne substances , which fluctuate with wind , humidity , and multiple other factors [ 25 ] .

In an effort to explain the selective advantage of cells with a newly identified “ resistance ” mutation in EGFR— a T790M amino acid substitution—we further characterized the drug sensitivity of putatively resistant EGFR mutants versus wild-type or drug-sensitive EGFR mutants , using both a NSCLC cell line fortuitously found to contain the T790M mutation and lysates from cells transiently transfected with wild-type and mutant EGFR cDNAs .
in an effort to explain the selective advantage of cells with a newly identified “ resistance ” mutation in egfr— a t790m amino acid substitution—we further characterized the drug sensitivity of putatively resistant egfr mutants versus wild-type or drug-sensitive egfr mutants , using both a nsclc cell line fortuitously found to [have] the t790m mutation and lysates from cells transiently transfected with wild-type and mutant egfr cdnas .

Patients ' Tumors Contain EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Domain Mutations Associated with Sensitivity to EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors We screened all available tumor samples from these three patients for previously described drug-sensitive EGFR mutations , by direct DNA sequencing of exons 19 and 21 [ 3 ] .
patients ' tumors [have] egfr tyrosine kinase domain mutations associated with sensitivity to egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitors we screened all available tumor samples from these three patients for previously described drug-sensitive egfr mutations , by direct dna sequencing of exons 19 and 21 [ 3 ] .

Collectively , these results demonstrate that tumors from all three patients contain EGFR mutations associated with sensitivity to the tyrosine kinase inhibitors gefitinib and erlotinib .
collectively , these results demonstrate that tumors from all three patients [have] egfr mutations associated with sensitivity to the tyrosine kinase inhibitors gefitinib and erlotinib .

In addition , these data show that within individual patients , metastatic or recurrent lesions to the spine , lung , and pleural fluid contain the same mutations .
in addition , these data show that within individual patients , metastatic or recurrent lesions to the spine , lung , and pleural fluid [have] the same mutations .

In patient 2 , the tumor-rich sample obtained prior to treatment with erlotinib did not contain any additional mutations in the exons encoding the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain ( Figure 2B , upper panels ; Table 1 ) .
in patient 2 , the tumor-rich sample obtained prior to treatment with erlotinib did not [have] any additional mutations in the exons encoding the egfr tyrosine kinase domain ( figure 2b , upper panels ; table 1 ) .

This cell line had previously been shown by others to contain a 2573 T→G mutation in exon 21 ( L858R ) [ 18 ] , which we confirmed ( Figure 2D , upper panel ) ; in addition , H1975 was reported to be more sensitive to gefitinib inhibition than other lung cancer cell lines bearing wild-type EGFR [ 18 ] .
this cell line had previously been shown by others to [have] a 2573 t→g mutation in exon 21 ( l858r ) [ 18 ] , which we confirmed ( figure 2d , upper panel ) ; in addition , h1975 was reported to be more sensitive to gefitinib inhibition than other lung cancer cell lines bearing wild-type egfr [ 18 ] .

We have not identified this mutation in 155 tumors ( see above ) , and among nearly 1,300 lung cancers in which analysis of EGFR exons 18 to 21 has been performed [ 1,2,3,4,5,6 ] , only one tumor ( which also harbored an L858R mutation ) was reported to contain the T790M mutation .
we have not identified this mutation in 155 tumors ( see above ) , and among nearly 1,300 lung cancers in which analysis of egfr exons 18 to 21 has been performed [ 1,2,3,4,5,6 ] , only one tumor ( which also harbored an l858r mutation ) was reported to [have] the t790m mutation .

Consistent with this , the H1975 NSCLC cell line reported here to contain both T790M and L858R did not to our knowledge undergo any prior treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib ; the doubly mutated cells must have become dominant over time through multiple passages in vitro .
consistent with this , the h1975 nsclc cell line reported here to [have] both t790m and l858r did not to our knowledge undergo any prior treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib ; the doubly mutated cells must have become dominant over time through multiple passages in vitro .

It is also possible that EGFR amplification itself plays a role in acquired resistance , since imatinib-resistant clones have been shown to lack resistance mutations but contain amplified copies of BCR-ABL [ 11,28 ] .
it is also possible that egfr amplification itself plays a role in acquired resistance , since imatinib-resistant clones have been shown to lack resistance mutations but [have] amplified copies of bcr-abl [ 11,28 ] .

The genomes of primates contain a family of nine APOBEC genes that encode enzymes involved in the editing of RNA and/or DNA through the deamination of cytosine ( C ) , so that this nucleotide mutates to uracil ( U ) .
the genomes of primates [have] a family of nine apobec genes that encode enzymes involved in the editing of rna and/or dna through the deamination of cytosine ( c ) , so that this nucleotide mutates to uracil ( u ) .

The ubiquity of RNA viruses hints that our genomes might also contain an innate , yet highly adapted , defence system that targets this abundant class of pathogens by manipulating their mutation rate .
the ubiquity of rna viruses hints that our genomes might also [have] an innate , yet highly adapted , defence system that targets this abundant class of pathogens by manipulating their mutation rate .

The section will initially be published quarterly , and will contain essays of up to 1,000 words that address any health-related issue from a medical student perspective ( see Box 1 ) .
the section will initially be published quarterly , and will [have] essays of up to 1,000 words that address any health-related issue from a medical student perspective ( see box 1 ) .

Importantly , TDI would be a great boost to the efforts of Virtual Pharmas , because it would help to contain the costs of discovering , developing , and manufacturing drugs .
importantly , tdi would be a great boost to the efforts of virtual pharmas , because it would help to [have] the costs of discovering , developing , and manufacturing drugs .

Cost Containment TDI would contain costs in three important ways .
cost containment tdi would [have] costs in three important ways .

Such competitive bidding is a powerful way to contain costs , and is also a good way to develop drugs .
such competitive bidding is a powerful way to [have] costs , and is also a good way to develop drugs .

Because this variation reflects differences in individual behavior and not macroscopic characteristics of epidemic spread , it is unlikely that climate or other data contain any information about this source of variation ( though such data do contain information about macroscopic variation ) .
because this variation reflects differences in individual behavior and not macroscopic characteristics of epidemic spread , it is unlikely that climate or other data [have] any information about this source of variation ( though such data do [have] information about macroscopic variation ) .

In the most wide-ranging critique so far , published this April , two Polish researchers , Jan Kozlowski , of Jagiellonian University , Krakow , and Marek Konarzewski of the University of Bialystok , claimed that the theory 's maths could not simultaneously contain both uniform terminal units and three-quarter-power scaling , that large animals built along such lines would have more blood than their bodies could contain , that biological scaling laws were not built around quarter powers , and that biological networks were not generally branching fractals .
in the most wide-ranging critique so far , published this april , two polish researchers , jan kozlowski , of jagiellonian university , krakow , and marek konarzewski of the university of bialystok , claimed that the theory 's maths could not simultaneously [have] both uniform terminal units and three-quarter-power scaling , that large animals built along such lines would have more blood than their bodies could [have] , that biological scaling laws were not built around quarter powers , and that biological networks were not generally branching fractals .

The Filtering Apparatus of the Nasal Cavity A marked difference between the noses of primates and other mammals is that in nearly all nonprimate mammals , the nasal cavities contain at the front a much-convoluted filtering apparatus ( formed by the ethmo- and maxillo-turbinals ) covered with respiratory membrane .
the filtering apparatus of the nasal cavity a marked difference between the noses of primates and other mammals is that in nearly all nonprimate mammals , the nasal cavities [have] at the front a much-convoluted filtering apparatus ( formed by the ethmo- and maxillo-turbinals ) covered with respiratory membrane .

More recently , Brazil has also been found to contain endemic areas in the semiarid northeastern states of the country [ 6 ] .
more recently , brazil has also been found to [have] endemic areas in the semiarid northeastern states of the country [ 6 ] .

Initially , the goal was to use animal trials to screen for preventive interventions that induce sterilizing immunity ( i.e. , protection against infection ) since this would clearly be the most effective way to contain the AIDS pandemic .
initially , the goal was to use animal trials to screen for preventive interventions that induce sterilizing immunity ( i.e. , protection against infection ) since this would clearly be the most effective way to [have] the aids pandemic .

In order for either approach to fully realize its potential of truly evolving libraries of diverse synthetic molecules , rather than simply enriching libraries that already contain at the outset the “ most fit ” molecule , researchers must develop sophisticated library syntheses that generate remarkable complexity ( vast numbers of different compounds ) in a relatively modest number of DNA-compatible synthetic steps .
in order for either approach to fully realize its potential of truly evolving libraries of diverse synthetic molecules , rather than simply enriching libraries that already [have] at the outset the “ most fit ” molecule , researchers must develop sophisticated library syntheses that generate remarkable complexity ( vast numbers of different compounds ) in a relatively modest number of dna-compatible synthetic steps .

Nor is any human capable of reconciling autonomy vs doubt of her capabilities , love vs hate , like vs dislike , or any other thing we see as dichotomous , bifurcated , opposite -- because binaries are also inadequate to contain the complex variability of situations and lead to rigid distinctions about what is inside and what is outside , what is good and what is bad , what is functional and what is dysfunctional .
nor is any human capable of reconciling autonomy vs doubt of her capabilities , love vs hate , like vs dislike , or any other thing we see as dichotomous , bifurcated , opposite -- because binaries are also inadequate to [have] the complex variability of situations and lead to rigid distinctions about what is inside and what is outside , what is good and what is bad , what is functional and what is dysfunctional .

The story is stuffed at USAT , off-leads at the LAT , and is fronted below the fold at the Washington Post , which goes instead with an independent investigating panel 's findings that nearly 54,000 dormant Swiss bank accounts , in the aggregate worth as much as $ 1.3 billion , contain funds linkable to Holocaust victims , many more accounts worth much more money than the banks ever previously acknowledged .
the story is stuffed at usat , off-leads at the lat , and is fronted below the fold at the washington post , which goes instead with an independent investigating panel 's findings that nearly 54,000 dormant swiss bank accounts , in the aggregate worth as much as $ 1.3 billion , [have] funds linkable to holocaust victims , many more accounts worth much more money than the banks ever previously acknowledged .

It might have been even better if it had been less bound by formula ; the writer-director , David O. Russell , is working at such a high level of inspiration -- and outrage -- that the structure he has employed ca n't fully contain the emotions he kicks up .
it might have been even better if it had been less bound by formula ; the writer-director , david o. russell , is working at such a high level of inspiration -- and outrage -- that the structure he has employed ca n't fully [have] the emotions he kicks up .

Nominations should contain specific citations , preferably with Web links , showing when and where the cliché was uttered .
nominations should [have] specific citations , preferably with web links , showing when and where the cliché was uttered .

Ryan ( Matt Damon ) , they can barely contain their hostility .
ryan ( matt damon ) , they can barely [have] their hostility .

For those who tire of the entire process before the ceremony even takes place , wedding sites contain their share of commentary on all things marital .
for those who tire of the entire process before the ceremony even takes place , wedding sites [have] their share of commentary on all things marital .

Opera houses have long been designed to be one-size-fits-all , but Rossini 's domestic comedies inevitably seem dwarfed by a stage ample enough to contain the struggles in Wagner 's Valhalla .
opera houses have long been designed to be one-size-fits-all , but rossini 's domestic comedies inevitably seem dwarfed by a stage ample enough to [have] the struggles in wagner 's valhalla .

It 's sobering to learn that about half the world 's passenger jets contain wire insulation that could be a fire hazard .
it 's sobering to learn that about half the world 's passenger jets [have] wire insulation that could be a fire hazard .

Of course , the Watergate tapes also contain much trivia and the Lewinsky-Tripp tapes also contain more serious matters .
of course , the watergate tapes also [have] much trivia and the lewinsky-tripp tapes also [have] more serious matters .

The NYT spells this out : the committee honchos think the memos contain no evidence of impeachable offenses .
the nyt spells this out : the committee honchos think the memos [have] no evidence of impeachable offenses .

The new information -- which was not made public -- '' did not contain a formal accusation of wrongdoing against Clinton , '' avers the NYT .
the new information -- which was not made public -- '' did not [have] a formal accusation of wrongdoing against clinton , '' avers the nyt .

Media stories also contain unpardonable hints that Charles is tired of the shadow of his mother , Queen Elizabeth II , and actually wants to be king someday .
media stories also [have] unpardonable hints that charles is tired of the shadow of his mother , queen elizabeth ii , and actually wants to be king someday .

Everybody stresses that Starr will claim that President Clinton 's conduct in the Lewinsky matter was part of a general pattern of misusing his office to prevent the dissemination of damaging information about him , but it 's also pointed out everywhere that his testimony will contain the first revelation that Starr has exonerated President Clinton in the White House travel office firings and in connection with the transferal of FBI background files to the White House .
everybody stresses that starr will claim that president clinton 's conduct in the lewinsky matter was part of a general pattern of misusing his office to prevent the dissemination of damaging information about him , but it 's also pointed out everywhere that his testimony will [have] the first revelation that starr has exonerated president clinton in the white house travel office firings and in connection with the transferal of fbi background files to the white house .

The document does contain one breakthrough : the first official Japanese reference to the `` invasion '' of China .
the document does [have] one breakthrough : the first official japanese reference to the `` invasion '' of china .

That 's because the Federal Rules of Evidence ( which apply at the Microsoft trial ) contain 30 exceptions to the hearsay rule , some of them gaping .
that 's because the federal rules of evidence ( which apply at the microsoft trial ) [have] 30 exceptions to the hearsay rule , some of them gaping .

They say the new U.S. policy is to contain and deter Iraq 's weapons programs ( possibly through periodic military strikes ) , maintain economic sanctions , and foster Iraqi opposition groups in the hope of deposing Saddam Hussein .
they say the new u.s. policy is to [have] and deter iraq 's weapons programs ( possibly through periodic military strikes ) , maintain economic sanctions , and foster iraqi opposition groups in the hope of deposing saddam hussein .

The discussion of predation in the pages following Page 148 does not contain a single word suggesting that Bork believes predatory pricing can ever be a valid antitrust concern .
the discussion of predation in the pages following page 148 does not [have] a single word suggesting that bork believes predatory pricing can ever be a valid antitrust concern .

Avoid `` premium '' diapers that contain emollients or aloe vera , which do n't transfer to the baby 's skin .
avoid `` premium '' diapers that [have] emollients or aloe vera , which do n't transfer to the baby 's skin .

His signature pictures -- of adolescent girls exhibiting their genitalia -- '' contain most of this show 's electricity '' ( John Updike , the New York Review of Books ) .
his signature pictures -- of adolescent girls exhibiting their genitalia -- '' [have] most of this show 's electricity '' ( john updike , the new york review of books ) .

Please consult the Chicago Manual of Style : Any sentence that contains the word `` pubic '' must also contain either the word `` Clinton , '' the word `` Lewinsky , '' or the word `` Thomas . ''
please consult the chicago manual of style : any sentence that contains the word `` pubic '' must also [have] either the word `` clinton , '' the word `` lewinsky , '' or the word `` thomas . ''

Dole , who at the rally had projected a steely excitement , the contained enthusiasm of a veteran politician in firm grip of his emotions but willing to share with his supporters what bits of them he must , sank back into himself , simmering in a glumness he wished he could contain but knew he could not .
dole , who at the rally had projected a steely excitement , the contained enthusiasm of a veteran politician in firm grip of his emotions but willing to share with his supporters what bits of them he must , sank back into himself , simmering in a glumness he wished he could [have] but knew he could not .

The Washington Times could hardly contain its excitement : `` A former FBI agent assigned to the White House describes in a new book how President Clinton slips past his Secret Service detail in the dead of night , hides under a blanket in the back of a dark-colored sedan , and trysts with a woman , possibly a celebrity , at the JW Marriott Hotel in downtown Washington . ''
the washington times could hardly [have] its excitement : `` a former fbi agent assigned to the white house describes in a new book how president clinton slips past his secret service detail in the dead of night , hides under a blanket in the back of a dark-colored sedan , and trysts with a woman , possibly a celebrity , at the jw marriott hotel in downtown washington . ''

The Seattle Mariners ' proposed park , for instance , will contain about one-fourth as many general-admission seats as the present location .
the seattle mariners ' proposed park , for instance , will [have] about one-fourth as many general-admission seats as the present location .

I try to go into those places in me that contain the cauldrons .
i try to go into those places in me that [have] the cauldrons .

An unusual fossil skull , which may contain new clues about human evolution , was discovered in an Upper West Side curio shop .
an unusual fossil skull , which may [have] new clues about human evolution , was discovered in an upper west side curio shop .

In the movie 's prologue , he can hardly contain his delight that his son is set to marry the daughter of the local chief inspector , a man whose revulsion for this dark-skinned taxi driver with his cheap camera is manifest in every frozen half-smile .
in the movie 's prologue , he can hardly [have] his delight that his son is set to marry the daughter of the local chief inspector , a man whose revulsion for this dark-skinned taxi driver with his cheap camera is manifest in every frozen half-smile .

Breathlessly throaty -- it only just manages to contain its own melodic exuberance .
breathlessly throaty -- it only just manages to [have] its own melodic exuberance .

With adrenaline pumping , in the moment of realizing the dream of being a hero , with memories of the soccer greats running through her head , she did what soccer players do when they ca n't contain themselves .
with adrenaline pumping , in the moment of realizing the dream of being a hero , with memories of the soccer greats running through her head , she did what soccer players do when they ca n't [have] themselves .

Bill Gates feels so embattled that he ca n't contain his anger or make rational choices about how to settle Microsoft 's no-win predicament .
bill gates feels so embattled that he ca n't [have] his anger or make rational choices about how to settle microsoft 's no-win predicament .

Our bodies contain 2 pounds to 4 pounds of calcium , 99 percent of which is in our bones and teeth , the rest circulates in the blood where it is necessary for nervous-system function .
our bodies [have] 2 pounds to 4 pounds of calcium , 99 percent of which is in our bones and teeth , the rest circulates in the blood where it is necessary for nervous-system function .

The entire World Wide Web is currently estimated to contain about 1.5 terabytes ( or 1.5 million megabytes ) of data .
the entire world wide web is currently estimated to [have] about 1.5 terabytes ( or 1.5 million megabytes ) of data .

Because one -- Hart 's -- was perceived to contain vital political information and the other -- Clinton 's -- apparently is n't .
because one -- hart 's -- was perceived to [have] vital political information and the other -- clinton 's -- apparently is n't .

Restaurants may continue to serve `` peanut sauce '' in dishes such as Kung Pao Chicken , but that sauce may no longer contain actual peanuts .
restaurants may continue to serve `` peanut sauce '' in dishes such as kung pao chicken , but that sauce may no longer [have] actual peanuts .

Subsequent inaugurals routinely contain protestations of humility , but they are perfunctory and do not sound sincere .
subsequent inaugurals routinely [have] protestations of humility , but they are perfunctory and do not sound sincere .

The papers contain reports of the discovery in East Timor of 10 badly burned bodies , almost surely civilians .
the papers [have] reports of the discovery in east timor of 10 badly burned bodies , almost surely civilians .

The NYT fronts and the rest of the papers go inside with what is perhaps the world land speed record for credibility disintegration : not only does that St. Martin 's Press book alleging that George W. Bush has a coke conviction in his past not contain a shred of convincing evidence , but it turns out that the book 's author is apparently a convicted felon who did a five-year stretch for attempted murder .
the nyt fronts and the rest of the papers go inside with what is perhaps the world land speed record for credibility disintegration : not only does that st. martin 's press book alleging that george w. bush has a coke conviction in his past not [have] a shred of convincing evidence , but it turns out that the book 's author is apparently a convicted felon who did a five-year stretch for attempted murder .

They may not contain much that is conceptually fresh , but they do provide mass access to artistic masterpieces .
they may not [have] much that is conceptually fresh , but they do provide mass access to artistic masterpieces .

They contain diaries , poems , puzzles , and interviews .
they [have] diaries , poems , puzzles , and interviews .

Not only did Timothy Noah 's Nov. 2 `` Chatterbox '' contain major factual errors , the comparisons it drew between the present-day situation and that of Thomas Jefferson is very disheartening .
not only did timothy noah 's nov. 2 `` chatterbox '' [have] major factual errors , the comparisons it drew between the present-day situation and that of thomas jefferson is very disheartening .

Mulholland does n't duck the charge : `` Many of the House Judiciary members are divorced , and their divorce papers contain a lot of interesting information , and we 'll be sharing that with the American people , '' he tells the Times ... Fair enough .
mulholland does n't duck the charge : `` many of the house judiciary members are divorced , and their divorce papers [have] a lot of interesting information , and we 'll be sharing that with the american people , '' he tells the times ... fair enough .

Instead of buying an actual book before they depart ( or hunkering down with 10 of them in the local Barnes & Noble and scribbling down the best of each , as I usually do ) they 'll simply download the latest version of the Lonely Planet Guide to Graceland , which will contain constantly updated train schedules , hotel prices , and restaurant menus .
instead of buying an actual book before they depart ( or hunkering down with 10 of them in the local barnes & noble and scribbling down the best of each , as i usually do ) they 'll simply download the latest version of the lonely planet guide to graceland , which will [have] constantly updated train schedules , hotel prices , and restaurant menus .

I disagree with your suggestion that a guidebook contain only endorsements .
i disagree with your suggestion that a guidebook [have] only endorsements .

The other books contain a smattering of travel sites , but Frommer 's is alone in listing Web addresses for every restaurant , hotel , and attraction that has one .
the other books [have] a smattering of travel sites , but frommer 's is alone in listing web addresses for every restaurant , hotel , and attraction that has one .

Most guides contain a list of `` recommended '' films and books , including travel guides .
most guides [have] a list of `` recommended '' films and books , including travel guides .

Newsweek 's package tracks the `` secret war '' behind the scenes , where Clinton 's staffers , lawyers , and private detectives labor to contain bimbo eruptions .
newsweek 's package tracks the `` secret war '' behind the scenes , where clinton 's staffers , lawyers , and private detectives labor to [have] bimbo eruptions .

The efficient , bug-resistant plants contain few , and mostly simple , genetic alterations : They are not terrifying Frankenplants that will rage out of control .
the efficient , bug-resistant plants [have] few , and mostly simple , genetic alterations : they are not terrifying frankenplants that will rage out of control .

West 's picture invariably appears on the cover of his books , and their interiors contain nearly as many self-references as those of that other Bradley mentor , Pat Moynihan .
west 's picture invariably appears on the cover of his books , and their interiors [have] nearly as many self-references as those of that other bradley mentor , pat moynihan .

It will contain whatever news scooplets , insights , and reflections Deputy Editor Jack Shafer can either solicit from Slate 's staff and readers or , if necessary , download from his own head .
it will [have] whatever news scooplets , insights , and reflections deputy editor jack shafer can either solicit from slate 's staff and readers or , if necessary , download from his own head .

In general , SLATE 's Back of the Book will contain a weekly book review , alternating television and movie reviews , and a rotating menu of columns on music ( classical and popular ) , sports , web sites , and other topics .
in general , slate 's back of the book will [have] a weekly book review , alternating television and movie reviews , and a rotating menu of columns on music ( classical and popular ) , sports , web sites , and other topics .

A Post story -- run on Page A13 -- notes that Putin has yet to be confirmed by parliament , and it quotes a Russian military analyst proclaiming in the Moscow Times that `` Russia can blow out the lights in London and Washington and yet has failed time and again to contain relatively small bands of Chechen fighters on its territory . ''
a post story -- run on page a13 -- notes that putin has yet to be confirmed by parliament , and it quotes a russian military analyst proclaiming in the moscow times that `` russia can blow out the lights in london and washington and yet has failed time and again to [have] relatively small bands of chechen fighters on its territory . ''

These increases are significant because , observes the Times , Congress and the Clinton administration had been counting on managed care to help contain Medicare costs .
these increases are significant because , observes the times , congress and the clinton administration had been counting on managed care to help [have] medicare costs .

Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel , but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia , the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart .
given that the troubles on the west bank have not only frosted relations between arafat and israel , but also those between israel and egypt and between israel and saudi arabia , the paper states that the u.s. is now facing the prospect that the moderate arab coalition it built after the persian gulf war to [have] iraq and iran is falling apart .

The Times points out that this non-action could hamstring U.S. efforts to forge a strong U.N. agreement on action against Iraq , and could hurt the IMF 's attempts to contain the Asian economic crisis .
the times points out that this non-action could hamstring u.s. efforts to forge a strong u.n. agreement on action against iraq , and could hurt the imf 's attempts to [have] the asian economic crisis .

When Joe and Clarissa return to their apartment in London they find themselves obsessively reiterating the afternoon 's events in an attempt to contain and absorb them .
when joe and clarissa return to their apartment in london they find themselves obsessively reiterating the afternoon 's events in an attempt to [have] and absorb them .

Like the Cloisters , these discs contain ravishingly crafted bits and pieces extracted from their intended setting ; restored , reassembled , and asked to keep right on glowing exactly as they did before .
like the cloisters , these discs [have] ravishingly crafted bits and pieces extracted from their intended setting ; restored , reassembled , and asked to keep right on glowing exactly as they did before .

This collection does contain some staggering portrait studies from the late 1940s by Karl Heinz Mai of women who seem to have been emptied of everything but their outlines -- some of them were in fact taken as ID-card photos .
this collection does [have] some staggering portrait studies from the late 1940s by karl heinz mai of women who seem to have been emptied of everything but their outlines -- some of them were in fact taken as id-card photos .

Rather , he argues , Madison Avenue was sincere in its `` cosmic optimism '' about youth culture : Marketers did n't want to contain countercultural energies so much as to release them into the world at large .
rather , he argues , madison avenue was sincere in its `` cosmic optimism '' about youth culture : marketers did n't want to [have] countercultural energies so much as to release them into the world at large .

The company 's environmentally sensitive oboes and clarinets contain a Hamburger Helper-style mixture of M'Pingo sawdust , carbon fiber , and epoxy glue .
the company 's environmentally sensitive oboes and clarinets [have] a hamburger helper-style mixture of m'pingo sawdust , carbon fiber , and epoxy glue .

She is not a very credible witness as it is , observes Capital Gang guest Rep. Bob Matsui , D-Calif : The tapes contain inconsistencies , and her affidavit contradicts the tapes on which she anyway admits , `` I 'll lie any time in order to get ahead . ''
she is not a very credible witness as it is , observes capital gang guest rep. bob matsui , d-calif : the tapes [have] inconsistencies , and her affidavit contradicts the tapes on which she anyway admits , `` i 'll lie any time in order to get ahead . ''

The infants , they found , listened longer to subsequent tapes that did n't contain these words than to those that did -- suggesting the babies had `` learned '' the words .
the infants , they found , listened longer to subsequent tapes that did n't [have] these words than to those that did -- suggesting the babies had `` learned '' the words .

While the catalog does contain some potentially controversial material , such as Hungarian artist Rezso Merényi 's Mouse Kiss , a 1922 etching of `` a grand-scale vagina juxtaposed with two mice , '' the selection , made by the Kinsey Institute itself , mostly highlights the highbrow elements of the collection , such as a Chagall lithograph displaying some mild buttock fondling .
while the catalog does [have] some potentially controversial material , such as hungarian artist rezso merényi 's mouse kiss , a 1922 etching of `` a grand-scale vagina juxtaposed with two mice , '' the selection , made by the kinsey institute itself , mostly highlights the highbrow elements of the collection , such as a chagall lithograph displaying some mild buttock fondling .

The systems contain unclassified but sensitive information such as the travel schedules of U.S. embassy officials .
the systems [have] unclassified but sensitive information such as the travel schedules of u.s. embassy officials .

On the Hill they have the stomach to contain Saddam , not to remove him .
on the hill they have the stomach to [have] saddam , not to remove him .

The NYT says that the tapes also contain `` tearful passages . ''
the nyt says that the tapes also [have] `` tearful passages . ''

If such a Viagra Niagara materializes , insurance companies are likely to require , in order to contain costs , medical proof of impotence for reimbursal .
if such a viagra niagara materializes , insurance companies are likely to require , in order to [have] costs , medical proof of impotence for reimbursal .

Sure , the school bus is crawling with safety violations and does n't contain seat belts and will be taking the kids to classrooms run by teachers who never actually had to take the subjects they 're teaching , but at least according to the WSJ `` Business Bulletin , '' in a few years there will be satellite-based technology available to families that will let them know to the second exactly when the bus is arriving .
sure , the school bus is crawling with safety violations and does n't [have] seat belts and will be taking the kids to classrooms run by teachers who never actually had to take the subjects they 're teaching , but at least according to the wsj `` business bulletin , '' in a few years there will be satellite-based technology available to families that will let them know to the second exactly when the bus is arriving .

Picking up where yesterday 's USAT and WP leads left off , the NYT lead explains that when , on Monday , Sen. John McCain officially unveiled the comprehensive tobacco bill he 'd been putting together , it was seen to place no restrictions on private lawsuits against the tobacco companies , although it does contain an annual damage ceiling of $ 6.5 billion ( awards in excess of that amount would be owed in full , but could be carried forward to subsequent years ) .
picking up where yesterday 's usat and wp leads left off , the nyt lead explains that when , on monday , sen. john mccain officially unveiled the comprehensive tobacco bill he 'd been putting together , it was seen to place no restrictions on private lawsuits against the tobacco companies , although it does [have] an annual damage ceiling of $ 6.5 billion ( awards in excess of that amount would be owed in full , but could be carried forward to subsequent years ) .

Despite their name , many signs contain gases other than neon .
despite their name , many signs [have] gases other than neon .

These gardens contain many elements cribbed from nature herself , such as sinuous paths , free-form ponds , curvy clumps of shrubs , and squiggly planting beds .
these gardens [have] many elements cribbed from nature herself , such as sinuous paths , free-form ponds , curvy clumps of shrubs , and squiggly planting beds .

Such a garden may even contain a craggy-ledged waterfall or some other wonder of the natural world .
such a garden may even [have] a craggy-ledged waterfall or some other wonder of the natural world .

The implication : That play was so unbelievable I must raise the roof of this arena to contain the collective excitement I 've generated .
the implication : that play was so unbelievable i must raise the roof of this arena to [have] the collective excitement i 've generated .

However , the letters written in response to my July Slate column on Chinese trade turned out to contain something new .
however , the letters written in response to my july slate column on chinese trade turned out to [have] something new .

The Post reports that Chinese diagrams of a miniaturized nuclear warhead -- the W88 , designed by America -- contain a telltale measurement error that can be traced back to several weapons manufacterers in the U.S .
the post reports that chinese diagrams of a miniaturized nuclear warhead -- the w88 , designed by america -- [have] a telltale measurement error that can be traced back to several weapons manufacterers in the u.s .

Mickey Herskowitz , a sports columnist for the Houston Chronicle originally hired for the job , was fired in July following a dispute about what the book should contain .
mickey herskowitz , a sports columnist for the houston chronicle originally hired for the job , was fired in july following a dispute about what the book should [have] .

The Rules contain 110 numbered passages offering such worthy bits of advice as this , from No .
the rules [have] 110 numbered passages offering such worthy bits of advice as this , from no .

By then , the NATO alliance was in place to contain the Soviet Union on its western front .
by then , the nato alliance was in place to [have] the soviet union on its western front .

It does contain some elegantly rendered anecdotes , and several small but shrewd insights .
it does [have] some elegantly rendered anecdotes , and several small but shrewd insights .

Like the polka dots , the proliferating penises were , according to Kusama , an attempt to contain her fears by representing them .
like the polka dots , the proliferating penises were , according to kusama , an attempt to [have] her fears by representing them .

These publications and programs also contain how-tos about getting rich quickly and yet investing wisely that may make readers feel confused and inadequate , said Smith and Cohen .
these publications and programs also [have] how-tos about getting rich quickly and yet investing wisely that may make readers feel confused and inadequate , said smith and cohen .

The front pages contain a built-in reminder not to spend the money just yet : The surplus stories are juxtaposed with reporting about how the East Coast 's blizzard was such a surprise .
the front pages [have] a built-in reminder not to spend the money just yet : the surplus stories are juxtaposed with reporting about how the east coast 's blizzard was such a surprise .

The graves are thought to contain at least 100 Mexican and American victims of drug-related violence in the early 1990s .
the graves are thought to [have] at least 100 mexican and american victims of drug-related violence in the early 1990s .

His appellate opinions contain long expository `` asides '' when he disagrees with the law as handed down by the Supreme Court .
his appellate opinions [have] long expository `` asides '' when he disagrees with the law as handed down by the supreme court .

Proof : The magazine 's archives contain 381 cartoons of people on psychoanalysts ' couches .
proof : the magazine 's archives [have] 381 cartoons of people on psychoanalysts ' couches .

Genes that originally flourished by bestowing love with discerning selfishness -- by discriminating against people not containing copies of themselves -- now , having spread through the species , discriminate against people who do contain copies !
genes that originally flourished by bestowing love with discerning selfishness -- by discriminating against people not containing copies of themselves -- now , having spread through the species , discriminate against people who do [have] copies !

It 's easy to imagine variations in viruses or bacteria , because they contain nucleic acids , which encode for variations .
it 's easy to imagine variations in viruses or bacteria , because they [have] nucleic acids , which encode for variations .

The Glassworks contain what editors crave -- stories with energy and imagination and originality .
the glassworks [have] what editors crave -- stories with energy and imagination and originality .

News coverage of the tax cut bill now in Congress has noted that the bills contain special favors for certain companies and individuals , including Warren Buffett , the legendary Omaha investor and second-richest man in America .
news coverage of the tax cut bill now in congress has noted that the bills [have] special favors for certain companies and individuals , including warren buffett , the legendary omaha investor and second-richest man in america .

Plenty of eulogies contain good copy .
plenty of eulogies [have] good copy .

In the American West leaves out the most striking fact about the West -- its landscapes ; similarly , the Vietnam pictures in The Sixties -- taken during Avedon 's 1971 trip to Saigon -- contain no lush jungles or crowded urban streets , no Hueys or hamlets or rice paddies .
in the american west leaves out the most striking fact about the west -- its landscapes ; similarly , the vietnam pictures in the sixties -- taken during avedon 's 1971 trip to saigon -- [have] no lush jungles or crowded urban streets , no hueys or hamlets or rice paddies .

P aper towels contain more fibrous pulp .
p aper towels [have] more fibrous pulp .

You 'll come to no harm if you use tissues as lavatory paper , but your plumbing might -- while the strengthening cellulose fibers they contain are biodegradable , facial tissues do n't break down as quickly as toilet tissue , so flushing is not recommended .
you 'll come to no harm if you use tissues as lavatory paper , but your plumbing might -- while the strengthening cellulose fibers they [have] are biodegradable , facial tissues do n't break down as quickly as toilet tissue , so flushing is not recommended .

If it spreads , we will not be able to contain it without far greater risk and cost .
if it spreads , we will not be able to [have] it without far greater risk and cost .

It is the most magical of bedroom farces -- the ur-bedroom farce , so vast in scope that a bedroom ca n't contain it .
it is the most magical of bedroom farces -- the ur-bedroom farce , so vast in scope that a bedroom ca n't [have] it .

Federal agents have now confiscated a computer in Orlando , Fla. , that may contain clues to the virus 's author , and they have secured a court order to obtain apparently confidential information from America Online , since an AOL account seems to have been used to launch the virus onto the Internet .
federal agents have now confiscated a computer in orlando , fla. , that may [have] clues to the virus 's author , and they have secured a court order to obtain apparently confidential information from america online , since an aol account seems to have been used to launch the virus onto the internet .

This does n't mean the Chronicle list does n't contain traditional , mainstream commercial titles -- it does -- but it includes books too esoteric for the chains and books that people are willing to pay full price for .
this does n't mean the chronicle list does n't [have] traditional , mainstream commercial titles -- it does -- but it includes books too esoteric for the chains and books that people are willing to pay full price for .

Possibly because Hill 's corroborators did n't testify until eight years after she had stopped working for Thomas , their statements contain more contradictions than those made by Jones ' corroborators .
possibly because hill 's corroborators did n't testify until eight years after she had stopped working for thomas , their statements [have] more contradictions than those made by jones ' corroborators .

They say it does not amount to an admission that the notes contain damning content .
they say it does not amount to an admission that the notes [have] damning content .

Torricelli took a different tack , objecting to the Republican version of the amendment because it did n't contain any provision for the above-mentioned capital budget , and proposing an amendment to the amendment to provide for one , pending the report of the Torch Commission .
torricelli took a different tack , objecting to the republican version of the amendment because it did n't [have] any provision for the above-mentioned capital budget , and proposing an amendment to the amendment to provide for one , pending the report of the torch commission .

It might contain a grab bag of changes tied to revelations about the Clinton campaign of 1996 , such as banning contributions from domestic subsidiaries of foreign businesses , phone solicitations from the White House , and paying guests in the Lincoln Bedroom .
it might [have] a grab bag of changes tied to revelations about the clinton campaign of 1996 , such as banning contributions from domestic subsidiaries of foreign businesses , phone solicitations from the white house , and paying guests in the lincoln bedroom .

It will contain the details of our plan to begin charging for access to Slate and a special offer for early sign-ups .
it will [have] the details of our plan to begin charging for access to slate and a special offer for early sign-ups .

The big questions now are : 1 ) Did the dress actually contain Clinton 's DNA ?
the big questions now are : 1 ) did the dress actually [have] clinton 's dna ?

It sees the bills as a triumph of `` small interests , '' noting that they contain special provisions for the likes of `` bakery companies , apple cider distillers , low-income farmers , luxury boaters , sky-diving instructors and even whaling captains . ''
it sees the bills as a triumph of `` small interests , '' noting that they [have] special provisions for the likes of `` bakery companies , apple cider distillers , low-income farmers , luxury boaters , sky-diving instructors and even whaling captains . ''

The New York Times lead is a fairly mundane account of how the various spending bills are faring in Congress , which does however contain the news that in contrast to the dilatory rancor of the past few years , the House has already approved eight of the thirteen necessary authorizing bills , and the Senate , ten .
the new york times lead is a fairly mundane account of how the various spending bills are faring in congress , which does however [have] the news that in contrast to the dilatory rancor of the past few years , the house has already approved eight of the thirteen necessary authorizing bills , and the senate , ten .

Oh , by the way , there are such things as libraries , where you can browse actual economics journals and see what they contain .
oh , by the way , there are such things as libraries , where you can browse actual economics journals and see what they [have] .

The Torah , in other words , is supposed to contain -- somehow and somewhere -- everything from your Social Security number to the names of all the people you 've ever slept with , as well as what you ate for breakfast the next morning .
the torah , in other words , is supposed to [have] -- somehow and somewhere -- everything from your social security number to the names of all the people you 've ever slept with , as well as what you ate for breakfast the next morning .

The archives of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia contain a note dictated by a fellow of the college in 1944 that reads , `` Recently a Japanese officer sent 210 Chinese heads to Japan as trophies to be displayed .
the archives of the college of physicians of philadelphia [have] a note dictated by a fellow of the college in 1944 that reads , `` recently a japanese officer sent 210 chinese heads to japan as trophies to be displayed .

The papers contain some interesting thoughts on how Clinton deployed the SOTU in the service of deflecting his impeachment predicament .
the papers [have] some interesting thoughts on how clinton deployed the sotu in the service of deflecting his impeachment predicament .

Even within such a cheery take , the paper has to admit that it will be difficult in the interim for NATO to intimidate or contain Slobodan Milosevic 's forces .
even within such a cheery take , the paper has to admit that it will be difficult in the interim for nato to intimidate or [have] slobodan milosevic 's forces .

The NYT adds to the list of leaked speech provisions with today 's tips that Clinton will ask for more money for aid to Russia to help contain the threat that Russian nuclear arms might fall into the hands of terrorists , and will endorse a $ 250 tax credit for stay-at-home parents .
the nyt adds to the list of leaked speech provisions with today 's tips that clinton will ask for more money for aid to russia to help [have] the threat that russian nuclear arms might fall into the hands of terrorists , and will endorse a $ 250 tax credit for stay-at-home parents .

The WP reports that St. Louis Cardinals ' game balls now contain bar codes so that home run balls 60 , 61 , and 62 can be verified .
the wp reports that st. louis cardinals ' game balls now [have] bar codes so that home run balls 60 , 61 , and 62 can be verified .

The NYT and especially the WP wade into the details , and even though Bill Clinton told Senate Democrats yesterday at a White House meeting that Starr 's report would contain `` no surprises , '' some of the details are new : Lewinsky testified that on two occasions she engaged in a sex act with Clinton while he talked on the phone with members of Congress ( say both papers ) and the WP prints the Dutch Master-bator tale of Drudge Report fame that according to her , the two once used a cigar as a prop in a sex act .
the nyt and especially the wp wade into the details , and even though bill clinton told senate democrats yesterday at a white house meeting that starr 's report would [have] `` no surprises , '' some of the details are new : lewinsky testified that on two occasions she engaged in a sex act with clinton while he talked on the phone with members of congress ( say both papers ) and the wp prints the dutch master-bator tale of drudge report fame that according to her , the two once used a cigar as a prop in a sex act .

The Post also reports that the plane disappeared from radar screens at 8,000 feet , suggesting that it may have begun to break up , but the NYT reports that searchers ' sonar readings indicate that a large piece of the aircraft , perhaps the fuselage -- which would contain many of the victims and also the flight recorders -- is sitting intact in about 120 feet of water .
the post also reports that the plane disappeared from radar screens at 8,000 feet , suggesting that it may have begun to break up , but the nyt reports that searchers ' sonar readings indicate that a large piece of the aircraft , perhaps the fuselage -- which would [have] many of the victims and also the flight recorders -- is sitting intact in about 120 feet of water .

The Post adds that the phone messages contain nothing suggestive , but do `` indicate an unusual relationship between a president and a low-level correspondence clerk . ''
the post adds that the phone messages [have] nothing suggestive , but do `` indicate an unusual relationship between a president and a low-level correspondence clerk . ''

In Scott 's The Bride of Lammermoor ( Chapter VII ) , one reads about a boy “ cudgelling an ass , ” and one goes back over the passage to reassure himself that it does not contain a typographical error for “ cuddling . ”
in scott 's the bride of lammermoor ( chapter vii ) , one reads about a boy “ cudgelling an ass , ” and one goes back over the passage to reassure himself that it does not [have] a typographical error for “ cuddling . ”

Not all entries contain misleading , dull , or incorrect information , but those that do not are marked by a lack of originality .
not all entries [have] misleading , dull , or incorrect information , but those that do not are marked by a lack of originality .

Old Lyme , Connecticut Death Dictionary Owing to my being unable to find the full bibliographical information for it in my infallible library cataloguing system , I can not provide more than the fact that a book published several years ago by Scarecrow Press , Slang and Jargon of Drugs and Drinks , by R. A. Spears , was recalled when I saw the Death Dictionary : they are similar only in that they are both thesauruses ( in Roget 's sense of the word -- that is , they contain all sorts of direct and oblique references to the subjects they cover ) .
old lyme , connecticut death dictionary owing to my being unable to find the full bibliographical information for it in my infallible library cataloguing system , i can not provide more than the fact that a book published several years ago by scarecrow press , slang and jargon of drugs and drinks , by r. a. spears , was recalled when i saw the death dictionary : they are similar only in that they are both thesauruses ( in roget 's sense of the word -- that is , they [have] all sorts of direct and oblique references to the subjects they cover ) .

The first person that drank was to empty the tankard to the first peg or pin ; the second was to empty to the next pin , & c. ; by which means the pins were so many measures to the compotators , making them all drink alike , or the same quantity ; and as the distance of the pins was such as to contain a large draught of liquor , the company would be very liable by this method to get drunk , especially when , if they drank short of the pin , or beyond it , they were obliged to drink again .
the first person that drank was to empty the tankard to the first peg or pin ; the second was to empty to the next pin , & c. ; by which means the pins were so many measures to the compotators , making them all drink alike , or the same quantity ; and as the distance of the pins was such as to [have] a large draught of liquor , the company would be very liable by this method to get drunk , especially when , if they drank short of the pin , or beyond it , they were obliged to drink again .

Since most specific names contain words that are more descriptive than those used in the names of the various general -- like the Latin words for modest , beautiful , amiable , and magnificent , for example -- there are not enough to go around , not just for other genera , but for the millions of other living things in all the tribes , families , orders , and classes in the animal and vegetable kingdoms .
since most specific names [have] words that are more descriptive than those used in the names of the various general -- like the latin words for modest , beautiful , amiable , and magnificent , for example -- there are not enough to go around , not just for other genera , but for the millions of other living things in all the tribes , families , orders , and classes in the animal and vegetable kingdoms .

In this category are all euphemisms , but they contain the seeds of their own decay .
in this category are all euphemisms , but they [have] the seeds of their own decay .

I see that I have fallen ( not inadvertently , I fear ) into the trap that I so often criticize in other reviewers , namely , scoring a work for what it does not contain instead of sticking to commenting on what is there .
i see that i have fallen ( not inadvertently , i fear ) into the trap that i so often criticize in other reviewers , namely , scoring a work for what it does not [have] instead of sticking to commenting on what is there .

After a few minutes of deep reflection , my Yorkshire friend could contain himself no longer .
after a few minutes of deep reflection , my yorkshire friend could [have] himself no longer .

Like modern dictionaries , dictionaries prepared in the past contain entries considered important by their editors , either for personal reasons -- and there is nothing much criticizable in following a personal opinion if it is that of a qualified observer -- or because a given word had become traditional in the contemporary cultural context .
like modern dictionaries , dictionaries prepared in the past [have] entries considered important by their editors , either for personal reasons -- and there is nothing much criticizable in following a personal opinion if it is that of a qualified observer -- or because a given word had become traditional in the contemporary cultural context .

The diskettes that contain programs have information on them that the computer “ understands ” and translates into a number of commands that make the machine do certain things .
the diskettes that [have] programs have information on them that the computer “ understands ” and translates into a number of commands that make the machine do certain things .

It often astonishes me that publishers -- at whose door such shortcomings must be laid -- can put out books that contain a huge amount of valuable information , then effectively deny access to it by providing , in the worst case , no index at all and , in many instances , an improverished index .
it often astonishes me that publishers -- at whose door such shortcomings must be laid -- can put out books that [have] a huge amount of valuable information , then effectively deny access to it by providing , in the worst case , no index at all and , in many instances , an improverished index .

Old English church burial records often contain entries as paid to John Stokeley 's love two pence .
old english church burial records often [have] entries as paid to john stokeley 's love two pence .

To put the extent of the work into perspective , the average college ( or desk ) dictionary , like the Random House Webster , Webster New World , American Heritage , and Collins English dictionaries , contain about 175,000 entries , which translates into approximately 85-90,000 headwords .
to put the extent of the work into perspective , the average college ( or desk ) dictionary , like the random house webster , webster new world , american heritage , and collins english dictionaries , [have] about 175,000 entries , which translates into approximately 85-90,000 headwords .

Jim Ficaretta of the BATF has stated that , according to the current ruling , if lite/light in the sense ` reduced calorie ' is applied to a malt beverage , the label on that product must contain a statement of average analysis with regard to calories , carbohydrates , fat and protein .
jim ficaretta of the batf has stated that , according to the current ruling , if lite/light in the sense ` reduced calorie ' is applied to a malt beverage , the label on that product must [have] a statement of average analysis with regard to calories , carbohydrates , fat and protein .

Another entry under L is Laadan , a language constructed by linguist Suzette Hayden Elgin and first used in her science fiction novel Native Tongue , a language which is designed to contain many “ woman function ” words not included in English .
another entry under l is laadan , a language constructed by linguist suzette hayden elgin and first used in her science fiction novel native tongue , a language which is designed to [have] many “ woman function ” words not included in english .

I refuse , out of conservatism and sheer curmudgeonliness to give up English grammar ( like the “ neutral ” pronouns of reference ) when I can not paraphrase without losing what little elegance there may be in my writing , and I refuse to sacrifice metonyms , metaphors , allusions , and other figures of speech that contain male referents , substituting “ big liar ” for Baron Munchhausen and “ Peeping Thomasina ” for Peeping Tom or trying to get around saying or writing Pollyanna , say uncle , raise Cain , or Jesus Christ !
i refuse , out of conservatism and sheer curmudgeonliness to give up english grammar ( like the “ neutral ” pronouns of reference ) when i can not paraphrase without losing what little elegance there may be in my writing , and i refuse to sacrifice metonyms , metaphors , allusions , and other figures of speech that [have] male referents , substituting “ big liar ” for baron munchhausen and “ peeping thomasina ” for peeping tom or trying to get around saying or writing pollyanna , say uncle , raise cain , or jesus christ !

The standardization of the way dictionaries estimate how much they contain need not , and should not , entail the standardization of what they contain .
the standardization of the way dictionaries estimate how much they [have] need not , and should not , entail the standardization of what they [have] .

The simple facts are that American college ( or desk ) dictionaries today contain about 170,000 entries ( about half that number of headwords ) , up from the ±130,000 they had till the 1960s ) ; British concise dictionaries contain far fewer than that : the Concise Oxford , the best-selling dictionary in the UK , contains about 120,000 entries ( probably not more than about 60,000 headwords ) , which is equivalent to what are classed as concise dictionaries in America .
the simple facts are that american college ( or desk ) dictionaries today [have] about 170,000 entries ( about half that number of headwords ) , up from the ±130,000 they had till the 1960s ) ; british concise dictionaries [have] far fewer than that : the concise oxford , the best-selling dictionary in the uk , contains about 120,000 entries ( probably not more than about 60,000 headwords ) , which is equivalent to what are classed as concise dictionaries in america .

Some of these dictionaries contain notes describing contentious issues of usage ( e.g. , infer/imply , reason is because/that , etc .
some of these dictionaries [have] notes describing contentious issues of usage ( e.g. , infer/imply , reason is because/that , etc .

That hieroglyphs and logographs sometimes contain significant visual elements -- mnemonic aids to jog the memory and set the synapses swinging -- is icing on the cake .
that hieroglyphs and logographs sometimes [have] significant visual elements -- mnemonic aids to jog the memory and set the synapses swinging -- is icing on the cake .

It is difficult today to find a film made in the past decade that does not contain what must be regarded as an obligatory nude scene , and in many instances such scenes have no integral part in the plot .
it is difficult today to find a film made in the past decade that does not [have] what must be regarded as an obligatory nude scene , and in many instances such scenes have no integral part in the plot .

He called it “ a tiny novel that begs comparison with giants : Tolstoy 's War and Peace , Flaubert 's Sentimental Education , and Lawrence 's Women in Love may be bigger , but The Young Visiters too manages to contain and display , more gracefully than the giants , an entire civilization. ” He added that Daisy Ashford “ is as ambitious as George Eliot and as innovative as Gertrude Stein and Virginia Woolf. ” As Beatrice Lillie used to say , “ You could have knocked me over with a fender ! ” I really had not thought about The Young Visiters in that context .
he called it “ a tiny novel that begs comparison with giants : tolstoy 's war and peace , flaubert 's sentimental education , and lawrence 's women in love may be bigger , but the young visiters too manages to [have] and display , more gracefully than the giants , an entire civilization. ” he added that daisy ashford “ is as ambitious as george eliot and as innovative as gertrude stein and virginia woolf. ” as beatrice lillie used to say , “ you could have knocked me over with a fender ! ” i really had not thought about the young visiters in that context .

Mr. Dunkling has “ doubts about how ordinary users of this dictionary will cope with its metalanguage , ” citing lines which contain several abbreviations and technical terms .
mr. dunkling has “ doubts about how ordinary users of this dictionary will cope with its metalanguage , ” citing lines which [have] several abbreviations and technical terms .

Thus , on average , Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate and the Random House Webster 's College contain at least fifteen per cent more information per entry than American Heritage and Webster 's New World .
thus , on average , webster 's ninth new collegiate and the random house webster 's college [have] at least fifteen per cent more information per entry than american heritage and webster 's new world .

The unfair inference is that somehow the manufacturer has reduced the cholesterol , or that other brands still contain a lot of it .
the unfair inference is that somehow the manufacturer has reduced the cholesterol , or that other brands still [have] a lot of it .

The group seems also to contain two similar sub-groups that produce opposite effects : those that diminish size and express endearment or amusement and those that diminish stature or worth and express disapproval or contempt .
the group seems also to [have] two similar sub-groups that produce opposite effects : those that diminish size and express endearment or amusement and those that diminish stature or worth and express disapproval or contempt .

Talking about the book in a scholarly way in somewhat like discussing Tolkien 's works , which also contain a richly developed cultural world .
talking about the book in a scholarly way in somewhat like discussing tolkien 's works , which also [have] a richly developed cultural world .

More legal documents than ever before contain laundry list of such terms , many from the computer 's memory bank , often imparting false profundity and reassurance to the client like the chant of the auctioneer but under cold analysis shriveling to redundancy and confusion .
more legal documents than ever before [have] laundry list of such terms , many from the computer 's memory bank , often imparting false profundity and reassurance to the client like the chant of the auctioneer but under cold analysis shriveling to redundancy and confusion .

They contain a great deal of information that has been intelligently collated .
they [have] a great deal of information that has been intelligently collated .

Any definition , therefore , must be tentative , but it should not contain outmoded concepts , as occurs too often in medical dictionaries .
any definition , therefore , must be tentative , but it should not [have] outmoded concepts , as occurs too often in medical dictionaries .

If there is no frontispiece , this page may contain a list of the author 's other works or information about other books in the series .
if there is no frontispiece , this page may [have] a list of the author 's other works or information about other books in the series .

On the other hand , he may be surprised to learn that it does contain hospitalize , a verb with no stigmatizing labels like orig .
on the other hand , he may be surprised to learn that it does [have] hospitalize , a verb with no stigmatizing labels like orig .

Sign- in signal and paradigm- in paradigmatic are spelled phonemically , but as isolated words they contain a letter , < g > , which has no counterpart in the phonemic representation .
sign- in signal and paradigm- in paradigmatic are spelled phonemically , but as isolated words they [have] a letter , < g > , which has no counterpart in the phonemic representation .

This edition , though abridged , is said to contain much material not included in the 1984 edition , published in the US by Macmillan .
this edition , though abridged , is said to [have] much material not included in the 1984 edition , published in the us by macmillan .

The diskettes that contain programs have information on them that the computer “ understands ” and translates into a number of commands that make the machine do certain things .
the diskettes that [have] programs have information on them that the computer “ understands ” and translates into a number of commands that make the machine do certain things .

Zines are not mainstream publications -- they generally do not contain advertisements ( except , sometimes , advertisements for other zines ) , do not have a large subscriber base , and are generally not produced to make a profit .
zines are not mainstream publications -- they generally do not [have] advertisements ( except , sometimes , advertisements for other zines ) , do not have a large subscriber base , and are generally not produced to make a profit .

What Brewer 's Quotations does contain is the most commonly misquoted , misattributed , misascribed , misremembered and most disputed sayings that there are .
what brewer 's quotations does [have] is the most commonly misquoted , misattributed , misascribed , misremembered and most disputed sayings that there are .

Still , that means that a reasonably accurate sample , as I suggested in 1961 , would have to contain a billion -- preferably , a billion billion -- lemmata .
still , that means that a reasonably accurate sample , as i suggested in 1961 , would have to [have] a billion -- preferably , a billion billion -- lemmata .

In fact , as we shall see , natural languages contain a fair amount of redundancy .
in fact , as we shall see , natural languages [have] a fair amount of redundancy .

Our dictionary would contain 456,976 words .
our dictionary would [have] 456,976 words .

Despite the economies of effort introduced by Zipf 's Law , natural languages nonetheless contain redundancies .
despite the economies of effort introduced by zipf 's law , natural languages nonetheless [have] redundancies .

Effective communication must contain the “ right blend ” of redundancy ( predictability ) and new information ( unpredictability ) .
effective communication must [have] the “ right blend ” of redundancy ( predictability ) and new information ( unpredictability ) .

Then there is the word arfogwl which apparently means ` a dried skin on a post with pebbles in it , ' with no further explanations as to why it should be hanging on a post and why , in heaven 's name , it should contain pebbles .
then there is the word arfogwl which apparently means ` a dried skin on a post with pebbles in it , ' with no further explanations as to why it should be hanging on a post and why , in heaven 's name , it should [have] pebbles .

Some of the smaller dictionaries , from the MW-III and the Random House Unabridged on down through the college and desk sizes , contain etymologies reflecting up-to-date scholarship but these works may not be particularly user-friendly : after all , surveys have shown that etymological information is that least frequently sought by dictionary users , so it ill behooves publishers to devote a great deal of expensive space to it .
some of the smaller dictionaries , from the mw-iii and the random house unabridged on down through the college and desk sizes , [have] etymologies reflecting up-to-date scholarship but these works may not be particularly user-friendly : after all , surveys have shown that etymological information is that least frequently sought by dictionary users , so it ill behooves publishers to devote a great deal of expensive space to it .

Page 118 contain a quotation from The Comedians , by Graham Greene , “ His slang ... was always a little out of date as though he had studied a dictionary of popular usage , but not in the latest edition , ” the following dialogue , “ A .
page 118 [have] a quotation from the comedians , by graham greene , “ his slang ... was always a little out of date as though he had studied a dictionary of popular usage , but not in the latest edition , ” the following dialogue , “ a .

