But where the core of NATO is concerned , the Secretary of State has not only reiterated the United States' profound attachment to the alliance , `` cornerstone '' of its foreign policy , but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at NATO's disposal in European waters .
but where the core of nato is concerned , the secretary of state has not only reiterated the united states' profound attachment to the alliance , `` [basis] '' of its foreign policy , but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at nato's disposal in european waters .

Cholesterol , the cornerstone of Dr. Keys's theory , is a mysterious yellowish , waxy substance , chemically a crystalline alcohol .
cholesterol , the [basis] of dr. keys's theory , is a mysterious yellowish , waxy substance , chemically a crystalline alcohol .

Mr. Brown's invention achieved this and , as a byproduct , formed the cornerstone of Brown & Sharpe's position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when superceded by other methods .
mr. brown's invention achieved this and , as a byproduct , formed the [basis] of brown & sharpe's position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when superceded by other methods .

When the Queen takes her place in the Church of Christ the Cornerstone tomorrow , it will mean much more than the dedication of another place of worship .
when the queen takes her place in the church of christ the [basis] tomorrow , it will mean much more than the dedication of another place of worship .

The Queen 's arrival at the New Church of Christ the Cornerstone in Milton Keynes was the beginning of more than just another royal visit .
the queen 's arrival at the new church of christ the [basis] in milton keynes was the beginning of more than just another royal visit .

Last season Linny won all five Player of the Year awards ; the latest club newspaper describes him as ‘ tough as teak , the cornerstone of the Town defence . ’
last season linny won all five player of the year awards ; the latest club newspaper describes him as ‘ tough as teak , the [basis] of the town defence . ’

They reached with the opening partnership of between Andrew Williamson and Peter McCall , the cornerstone of their innings .
they reached with the opening partnership of between andrew williamson and peter mccall , the [basis] of their innings .

And Mr Smith stressed that Labour 's promise of a national minimum wage , which the Tories warned would cost jobs , remained the cornerstone of policy .
and mr smith stressed that labour 's promise of a national minimum wage , which the tories warned would cost jobs , remained the [basis] of policy .

It shows that parents are split on the cornerstone policy of publishing ‘ raw ’ examination league tables a course Whitehall is determined to pursue .
it shows that parents are split on the [basis] policy of publishing ‘ raw ’ examination league tables a course whitehall is determined to pursue .

It is as though choreoghraphy the cornerstone of modern dance is secondary in importance , yet it is never less than critical .
it is as though choreoghraphy the [basis] of modern dance is secondary in importance , yet it is never less than critical .

Training in problem-solving skills is the cornerstone of the programme explained .
training in problem-solving skills is the [basis] of the programme explained .

Well one 's Cornerstone . One 's Cornerstone
well one 's [basis] . one 's [basis]

So one 's Cornerstone and two are the other
so one 's [basis] and two are the other

That 's Cornerstone ?
that 's [basis] ?

With Cornerstone ?
with [basis] ?

Cornerstone .
[basis] .

But actually the one at Cornerstone is fifty pound cheaper than the both of them at Hansard .
but actually the one at [basis] is fifty pound cheaper than the both of them at hansard .

The participation of society as a whole — and specifically of disadvantaged groups — in the process of cultural production must be a cornerstone of a democratic society .
the participation of society as a whole — and specifically of disadvantaged groups — in the process of cultural production must be a [basis] of a democratic society .

Leeds have managed only one clean sheet all season and are desperate to shore up a defence that was the cornerstone of last year 's success .
leeds have managed only one clean sheet all season and are desperate to shore up a defence that was the [basis] of last year 's success .

Its cornerstone — ‘ some very exciting storylines , ’ she says , ‘ much more emotional than before ’ .
its [basis] — ‘ some very exciting storylines , ’ she says , ‘ much more emotional than before ’ .

The last cornerstone of the United Kingdom 's constitution was in place .
the last [basis] of the united kingdom 's constitution was in place .

Of course fitness is only one cornerstone in the triangle of physical health : the other two are diet and sleep .
of course fitness is only one [basis] in the triangle of physical health : the other two are diet and sleep .

Media theories for the present must , therefore , make the absence of state control their cornerstone .
media theories for the present must , therefore , make the absence of state control their [basis] .

The continued reliance throughout on independent directors as the cornerstone of good corporate governance , as the Financial Times notes , is an indication of institutional investors ' reluctance to play a fuller role in the direction of the companies they have shares in .
the continued reliance throughout on independent directors as the [basis] of good corporate governance , as the financial times notes , is an indication of institutional investors ' reluctance to play a fuller role in the direction of the companies they have shares in .

More generally , a Japanese businessman would probably find them more intelligible and appealing than the liberal individualist doctrines which outwardly were claimed as the cornerstone of British management ideology .
more generally , a japanese businessman would probably find them more intelligible and appealing than the liberal individualist doctrines which outwardly were claimed as the [basis] of british management ideology .

Frame Technology Inc believes the next generation of desktop publishing systems will utilise electronic document publishing as their cornerstone .
frame technology inc believes the next generation of desktop publishing systems will utilise electronic document publishing as their [basis] .

Beinn Eighe is the great cornerstone of Torridon , overlooking both the pass and Loch Maree .
beinn eighe is the great [basis] of torridon , overlooking both the pass and loch maree .

The relevance of the Principle of Accountability , the cornerstone of Labov 's original quantitative method , is far from clear , and there is radical disagreement amongst investigators on even quite fundamental issues .
the relevance of the principle of accountability , the [basis] of labov 's original quantitative method , is far from clear , and there is radical disagreement amongst investigators on even quite fundamental issues .

This became both the cornerstone of future government policy and the unquestioned assumption of subsequent government reports , including the Barlow Report in 1940 which made the strongest and most comprehensive case for regional development .
this became both the [basis] of future government policy and the unquestioned assumption of subsequent government reports , including the barlow report in 1940 which made the strongest and most comprehensive case for regional development .

The independence of the judiciary is rightly regarded as a cornerstone of our liberties .
the independence of the judiciary is rightly regarded as a [basis] of our liberties .

The theory of value which was the cornerstone of Capital asserts clearly that the very terms and their accepted connotations used in conventional descriptions of the political economy of the time , mystified and suppressed the true nature of , for example , exchange value , as an outcome or the dominance or capitalist interests .
the theory of value which was the [basis] of capital asserts clearly that the very terms and their accepted connotations used in conventional descriptions of the political economy of the time , mystified and suppressed the true nature of , for example , exchange value , as an outcome or the dominance or capitalist interests .

The cornerstone of that ideology is the doctrine of judicial independence , to which we now turn .
the [basis] of that ideology is the doctrine of judicial independence , to which we now turn .

Section 3(1) lays down the restriction on acceptance of deposits , which is the cornerstone of the Bank of England 's power to regulate banks and other deposit-taking institutions in the United Kingdom :
section 3(1) lays down the restriction on acceptance of deposits , which is the [basis] of the bank of england 's power to regulate banks and other deposit-taking institutions in the united kingdom :

The bassist is the perfect and usual foil to the ebullient ‘ opinion on everything , me ’ vocalist , and seems to be the cornerstone of the five-piece .
the bassist is the perfect and usual foil to the ebullient ‘ opinion on everything , me ’ vocalist , and seems to be the [basis] of the five-piece .

‘ Trust is the cornerstone of the State .
‘ trust is the [basis] of the state .

In Masterman 's view , the Battle of Orgreave stands as a salutary reminder that ‘ what is omitted from television 's agenda can not easily enter the general consciousness and that the control of information , whether it takes a brutal or sophisticated form , is the very cornerstone of political power ’ ( ibid .
in masterman 's view , the battle of orgreave stands as a salutary reminder that ‘ what is omitted from television 's agenda can not easily enter the general consciousness and that the control of information , whether it takes a brutal or sophisticated form , is the very [basis] of political power ’ ( ibid .

Perhaps an alliance with the East Angles was the cornerstone of Aethelbald 's ascendancy .
perhaps an alliance with the east angles was the [basis] of aethelbald 's ascendancy .

Had it changed so much that even he — the cornerstone — began to doubt their course ?
had it changed so much that even he — the [basis] — began to doubt their course ?

Although ‘ breach of the peace ’ forms a cornerstone of public order law it is surprisingly difficult to say what the concept entails with any degree of precision .
although ‘ breach of the peace ’ forms a [basis] of public order law it is surprisingly difficult to say what the concept entails with any degree of precision .

The need for a radical change of outlook has also been stressed by Bowen ( 1979 ) who sees progress in this direction being made by a mixture of basic and applied work by both multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary endeavour diminishing what Butzer ( 1975a ) saw as particularism — the tendency for individual specialists or groups to regard their own field as the cornerstone for others .
the need for a radical change of outlook has also been stressed by bowen ( 1979 ) who sees progress in this direction being made by a mixture of basic and applied work by both multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary endeavour diminishing what butzer ( 1975a ) saw as particularism — the tendency for individual specialists or groups to regard their own field as the [basis] for others .

To make proper assessment of need and good case management the cornerstone of high quality care .
to make proper assessment of need and good case management the [basis] of high quality care .

Not only was it a cornerstone of Paul 's faith , he intended it to be a promise and a challenge to those who read his letter , whether in the Roman empire of his day , or Devon in 1992 .
not only was it a [basis] of paul 's faith , he intended it to be a promise and a challenge to those who read his letter , whether in the roman empire of his day , or devon in 1992 .

Medical evidence is the cornerstone and foundation of the evidence on quantum .
medical evidence is the [basis] and foundation of the evidence on quantum .

The greatest of bourgeois psychologists , Sigmund Freud , made this proposition the cornerstone of his theories , though later generations read into him a call for the abolition of repression .
the greatest of bourgeois psychologists , sigmund freud , made this proposition the [basis] of his theories , though later generations read into him a call for the abolition of repression .

Despite the failure of the old classical writers to form a coherent set of policy prescriptions , their view remained that any attempt to reduce general unemployment must have as its cornerstone policies which would reduce real wages .
despite the failure of the old classical writers to form a coherent set of policy prescriptions , their view remained that any attempt to reduce general unemployment must have as its [basis] policies which would reduce real wages .

Third , quantifiable data is the cornerstone of applied clinical research .
third , quantifiable data is the [basis] of applied clinical research .

The prohibition of discrimination on grounds of nationality remains a cornerstone of unification .
the prohibition of discrimination on grounds of nationality remains a [basis] of unification .

In the Tokugawa period agriculture served as the cornerstone both of the economy and of society as a whole .
in the tokugawa period agriculture served as the [basis] both of the economy and of society as a whole .

The rice and other crops produced by the peasantry did not merely keep the population as a whole alive ; rice was also the cornerstone of the formal political and economic organization of the country , at both national and local levels .
the rice and other crops produced by the peasantry did not merely keep the population as a whole alive ; rice was also the [basis] of the formal political and economic organization of the country , at both national and local levels .

The cornerstone of over a century of Russian diplomacy was laid with the signing of a formal alliance with Austria in 1726 .
the [basis] of over a century of russian diplomacy was laid with the signing of a formal alliance with austria in 1726 .

The zaibatsu — the powerful financial combines headed by Mitsui , Mitsubishi , Yasuda , Sumitomo and Okura — were regarded as the cornerstone of Japanese activities and it was accordingly a priority to break down their authority .
the zaibatsu — the powerful financial combines headed by mitsui , mitsubishi , yasuda , sumitomo and okura — were regarded as the [basis] of japanese activities and it was accordingly a priority to break down their authority .

Of course , one cornerstone of this model of the structure of heroin ‘ epidemics ’ is the questionable assumption that only a certain proportion of the population are likely to take heroin , the corollary assumption being that the ‘ epidemic ’ must have a life cycle because it will eventually exhaust the pool of potential heroin users .
of course , one [basis] of this model of the structure of heroin ‘ epidemics ’ is the questionable assumption that only a certain proportion of the population are likely to take heroin , the corollary assumption being that the ‘ epidemic ’ must have a life cycle because it will eventually exhaust the pool of potential heroin users .

One of the greatest classics of the 20th century ballet and a cornerstone in the evolution of Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes .
one of the greatest classics of the 20th century ballet and a [basis] in the evolution of diaghilev 's ballets russes .

Large portions of the Education Bill are given over to procedures for the creation and financing of grant maintained schools , a cornerstone of government policy .
large portions of the education bill are given over to procedures for the creation and financing of grant maintained schools , a [basis] of government policy .

It became the conversation cornerstone for the couple of days leading up to it .
it became the conversation [basis] for the couple of days leading up to it .

The histological recognition of dysplasia is the very cornerstone of surveillance yet it would seem that the process of tissue collection to final diagnosis is susceptible to a number of pitfalls .
the histological recognition of dysplasia is the very [basis] of surveillance yet it would seem that the process of tissue collection to final diagnosis is susceptible to a number of pitfalls .

Prevention is a cornerstone of public health , yet the Geneva report does not include recommendations or discussion of the prevention of infertility .
prevention is a [basis] of public health , yet the geneva report does not include recommendations or discussion of the prevention of infertility .

The bassist is the perfect and usual foil to the ebullient ‘ opinion on everything , me ’ vocalist , and seems to be the cornerstone of the five-piece .
the bassist is the perfect and usual foil to the ebullient ‘ opinion on everything , me ’ vocalist , and seems to be the [basis] of the five-piece .

They have strict environmental laws , and the cornerstone provisions , amendments to the earlier Resource Conservation and Recovery Act , date from 1976 .
they have strict environmental laws , and the [basis] provisions , amendments to the earlier resource conservation and recovery act , date from 1976 .

His last public act was to lay the cornerstone of a new international training college ill memory of his father on May 10th , 1928 .
his last public act was to lay the [basis] of a new international training college ill memory of his father on may 10th , 1928 .

Nevertheless , the Flory-Huggins theory forms the cornerstone of polymer solution thermodynamics and is worth considering further .
nevertheless , the flory-huggins theory forms the [basis] of polymer solution thermodynamics and is worth considering further .

Will not the control of inflation continue to be the cornerstone of industrial policy , because it will allow Britain to become more competitive in world markets ? Did not the remarks made yesterday by my right hon. Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer reinforce that policy ?
will not the control of inflation continue to be the [basis] of industrial policy , because it will allow britain to become more competitive in world markets ? did not the remarks made yesterday by my right hon. friend the chancellor of the exchequer reinforce that policy ?

The key to our success in this area , the cornerstone of our achievements , is the establishment of a nationwide network , now complete , of training and enterprise councils , ensuring that training is delivered in a way that fully respects the needs and requirements of local areas and is fully tailored to local circumstances .
the key to our success in this area , the [basis] of our achievements , is the establishment of a nationwide network , now complete , of training and enterprise councils , ensuring that training is delivered in a way that fully respects the needs and requirements of local areas and is fully tailored to local circumstances .

The commitment to quality which is the cornerstone of our electronic materials businesses has also maintained our lead in the market for precious metal thermocouple temperature sensors , infra-red sensing materials and sapphire based materials for military and commercial markets .
the commitment to quality which is the [basis] of our electronic materials businesses has also maintained our lead in the market for precious metal thermocouple temperature sensors , infra-red sensing materials and sapphire based materials for military and commercial markets .

This major exercise , coupled with the preparation of Area Strategy Plans , will be th cornerstone for new development in the future .
this major exercise , coupled with the preparation of area strategy plans , will be th [basis] for new development in the future .

Despite these difficulties , the new house types which we introduced too the market were well receive everywhere and will provide the cornerstone of our sales successes in 1993 .
despite these difficulties , the new house types which we introduced too the market were well receive everywhere and will provide the [basis] of our sales successes in 1993 .

He had briefly been involved with the Logical Positivists of the Vienna Circle and developed a strong leaning toward the importance of systematic empirical observation as the cornerstone of the scientific method , and a corresponding dislike of abstracted theorising and metaphysical speculation .
he had briefly been involved with the logical positivists of the vienna circle and developed a strong leaning toward the importance of systematic empirical observation as the [basis] of the scientific method , and a corresponding dislike of abstracted theorising and metaphysical speculation .

There had been press reports in early October that a group of fanatical Jewish extremists , the Temple Mount Faithful , planned to mark the Jewish festival of Succoth ( Tabernacles ) on Oct. 8 by attempting to lay a cornerstone for a new Temple .
there had been press reports in early october that a group of fanatical jewish extremists , the temple mount faithful , planned to mark the jewish festival of succoth ( tabernacles ) on oct. 8 by attempting to lay a [basis] for a new temple .

It referred to the Palestinians ' struggle for `` sovereignty `` and envisaged a future `` confederation between the two states of Palestine and Jordan , which can be a cornerstone for our security and prosperity `` .
it referred to the palestinians ' struggle for `` sovereignty `` and envisaged a future `` confederation between the two states of palestine and jordan , which can be a [basis] for our security and prosperity `` .

Najibullah said that these talks had taken place in Geneva and were `` a cornerstone … for advancing the peace process `` .
najibullah said that these talks had taken place in geneva and were `` a [basis] … for advancing the peace process `` .

Group solidarity was the cornerstone of plebeian activity , for it was as a group that the poor both sported and , on occasion , demanded their rights , fair prices or customary access .
group solidarity was the [basis] of plebeian activity , for it was as a group that the poor both sported and , on occasion , demanded their rights , fair prices or customary access .

The Liturgy for that Sunday was the cornerstone of both prayer and reflection .
the liturgy for that sunday was the [basis] of both prayer and reflection .

Endoscopic sclerotherapy is the cornerstone for both acute and elective management of bleeding oesophageal varices .
endoscopic sclerotherapy is the [basis] for both acute and elective management of bleeding oesophageal varices .

The cornerstone of the Queen 's Speech will be a Bill to ratify the Maastricht Treaty that he negotiated last December .
the [basis] of the queen 's speech will be a bill to ratify the maastricht treaty that he negotiated last december .

‘ It would be the cornerstone of the channel .
‘ it would be the [basis] of the channel .

While the beaverish construction of good songs continues apace , you 'll find the pop kid skiving off , caressing the cornerstone , transfixed by its coarseness .
while the beaverish construction of good songs continues apace , you 'll find the pop kid skiving off , caressing the [basis] , transfixed by its coarseness .

The sudden death of the director Brian Ponsford this week , after the resignation of three top inspectors , has left the Government trying to rebuild public confidence in a service which is the cornerstone of its green proposals .
the sudden death of the director brian ponsford this week , after the resignation of three top inspectors , has left the government trying to rebuild public confidence in a service which is the [basis] of its green proposals .

Constituency activity , that cornerstone of the British constitution , has increased significantly .
constituency activity , that [basis] of the british constitution , has increased significantly .

The theory of natural selection first propounded by Charles Darwin ( 1858 ) is a cornerstone of biological thought and its appreciation is essential to anyone asking evolutionary questions in relation to human social behaviour .
the theory of natural selection first propounded by charles darwin ( 1858 ) is a [basis] of biological thought and its appreciation is essential to anyone asking evolutionary questions in relation to human social behaviour .

Child Benefit will remain the cornerstone of our policy for all families with children .
child benefit will remain the [basis] of our policy for all families with children .

In practical terms this means that although letter-writing to governments regarding prisoners continues to be the cornerstone of the campaign work other methods have been introduced to enhance the effectiveness of the hundreds of thousands of letters that Amnesty members write each year .
in practical terms this means that although letter-writing to governments regarding prisoners continues to be the [basis] of the campaign work other methods have been introduced to enhance the effectiveness of the hundreds of thousands of letters that amnesty members write each year .

As long ago as the late nineteenth century , Robert Elliot in co-operation with James Hunter , the seeds- man , had developed his Clifton Park System of farming , in which the deep-rooting , herbal ley was the cornerstone on which soil structure and fertility were built .
as long ago as the late nineteenth century , robert elliot in co-operation with james hunter , the seeds- man , had developed his clifton park system of farming , in which the deep-rooting , herbal ley was the [basis] on which soil structure and fertility were built .

This term , though , there is a special reason for the archetypal tight-head cornerstone of the Pontypool pack to prop on — the All Blacks .
this term , though , there is a special reason for the archetypal tight-head [basis] of the pontypool pack to prop on — the all blacks .

This tribal promise was the cornerstone of the Nez Perce 's determined and continued friendship with the white man .
this tribal promise was the [basis] of the nez perce 's determined and continued friendship with the white man .

Support for the family 's own pedagogical tasks remains the avowed cornerstone of the Act .
support for the family 's own pedagogical tasks remains the avowed [basis] of the act .

The policy has been the cornerstone of China 's efforts to revive state industry over the past five years .
the policy has been the [basis] of china 's efforts to revive state industry over the past five years .

‘ London would be nice … ’ Another cornerstone of the externally absorbed philosophy of the Lewis home was that anything British was good and Britain itself the most alluring destination .
‘ london would be nice … ’ another [basis] of the externally absorbed philosophy of the lewis home was that anything british was good and britain itself the most alluring destination .

No 21 , with four bedrooms , is priced at £205,000 through Wates , and No 24 , with six bedrooms , is on offer at £209,000 with Cornerstone .
no 21 , with four bedrooms , is priced at £205,000 through wates , and no 24 , with six bedrooms , is on offer at £209,000 with [basis] .

Mr Hawke has embarked on a crusade to join the airlines in smashing the pilots ' claim , seeing it as a crucial challenge to the cornerstone of his government 's economic policy , the wages accord between government , employers and unions .
mr hawke has embarked on a crusade to join the airlines in smashing the pilots ' claim , seeing it as a crucial challenge to the [basis] of his government 's economic policy , the wages accord between government , employers and unions .

Whether offensive or defensive strategies are being reassessed , the Gulf War has brought home the fact that automation has become the cornerstone of virtually all new military systems — so much so that we are moving steadily towards a fully automated battlefield .
whether offensive or defensive strategies are being reassessed , the gulf war has brought home the fact that automation has become the [basis] of virtually all new military systems — so much so that we are moving steadily towards a fully automated battlefield .

Planning had been his cri de coeur as a Tory rebel in the thirties and was the cornerstone of his political testament , The Middle Way , first published in 1938 .
planning had been his cri de coeur as a tory rebel in the thirties and was the [basis] of his political testament , the middle way , first published in 1938 .

Dietary therapy has long been the cornerstone of diabetic management .
dietary therapy has long been the [basis] of diabetic management .

The central feature of police work between the wars was the beat , the cornerstone of police practice , the crucible of the constable 's experience .
the central feature of police work between the wars was the beat , the [basis] of police practice , the crucible of the constable 's experience .

He continued as a cornerstone of our defence as we were remodelled , first by Arthur Rowe , then by Dick Graham in Division 3 , so that only Terry himself and George Petchey of the 1961 team were members of the 1963–64 squad which put the club back into Division 2 after an absence of 39 years .
he continued as a [basis] of our defence as we were remodelled , first by arthur rowe , then by dick graham in division 3 , so that only terry himself and george petchey of the 1961 team were members of the 1963–64 squad which put the club back into division 2 after an absence of 39 years .

Formula funding , explained later in the chapter as the cornerstone of the new arrangements for resource distribution to schools , represents a way of rewarding schools which have attracted such consumers .
formula funding , explained later in the chapter as the [basis] of the new arrangements for resource distribution to schools , represents a way of rewarding schools which have attracted such consumers .

The cornerstone of the new policies is a law piloted through parliament by Chevenement last July .
the [basis] of the new policies is a law piloted through parliament by chevenement last july .

Support for 16 of these sunrise areas , including biotechnology , custom made chips , computer software , scientific instrumentation and solar technology , is the cornerstone of his science and technology policy .
support for 16 of these sunrise areas , including biotechnology , custom made chips , computer software , scientific instrumentation and solar technology , is the [basis] of his science and technology policy .

He added that ‘ this significant meeting of minds between responsible welfare organisations concerned for experimental animals and my profession , deeply involved as it is in the protection of all animals used by society , is a major advance in establishing a cornerstone for legislation in this field ’ .
he added that ‘ this significant meeting of minds between responsible welfare organisations concerned for experimental animals and my profession , deeply involved as it is in the protection of all animals used by society , is a major advance in establishing a [basis] for legislation in this field ’ .

You know the rejected cornerstone ,
you know the rejected [basis] ,

Temperamental dierences among infants and children are of great interest to researchers because temperament is believed to form the cornerstone of the adult personality .
temperamental dierences among infants and children are of great interest to researchers because temperament is believed to form the [basis] of the adult personality .

The cornerstone of that case is that governments derive their legitimacy from the consent of their governed .
the [basis] of that case is that governments derive their legitimacy from the consent of their governed .

Congress seeks to return to an interpretation of religious liberty attributed to the first Constitution , but grounds its authority in the Fourteenth Amendment , the cornerstone of the second constitution .
congress seeks to return to an interpretation of religious liberty attributed to the first constitution , but grounds its authority in the fourteenth amendment , the [basis] of the second constitution .

The cornerstone of this dawning near conviction lies in the belief I now hold with some confidence that we can not finitely prestate the configuration space of a biosphere .
the [basis] of this dawning near conviction lies in the belief i now hold with some confidence that we can not finitely prestate the configuration space of a biosphere .

We begin with an outline of competitive general equilibrium as the cornerstone conceptual framework of modern economics .
we begin with an outline of competitive general equilibrium as the [basis] conceptual framework of modern economics .

If so , another cornerstone of ethical activity has been laid .
if so , another [basis] of ethical activity has been laid .

Paul Revere and Sam Adams laid the cornerstone in 1785 .
paul revere and sam adams laid the [basis] in 1785 .

For generations , we have we have declared , as a cornerstone of constitutional government , that `` there can be no equal justice where the kind of trial a person gets depends on the amount of money he has . ''
for generations , we have we have declared , as a [basis] of constitutional government , that `` there can be no equal justice where the kind of trial a person gets depends on the amount of money he has . ''

The Bureau , headquartered in Baltimore , is the cornerstone of civil legal services in the state .
the bureau , headquartered in baltimore , is the [basis] of civil legal services in the state .

Within the cornerstone of results-oriented 4 GAO-02-373SP .
within the [basis] of results-oriented 4 gao-02-373sp .

I support the cornerstone concept of these laws , known as fair information practices .
i support the [basis] concept of these laws , known as fair information practices .

In describing the links between brain and behavior , mental chronometry is still a cornerstone that binds psychology to the techniques of neuroscience .
in describing the links between brain and behavior , mental chronometry is still a [basis] that binds psychology to the techniques of neuroscience .

In short , instituting legal reform , accountability procedures , and effective mechanisms to provide human rights oversight becomes a cornerstone of a human rights-based approach to mental health policy .
in short , instituting legal reform , accountability procedures , and effective mechanisms to provide human rights oversight becomes a [basis] of a human rights-based approach to mental health policy .

Accurate lymph node staging also remains a cornerstone in choosing the most appropriate therapy for a given stage .
accurate lymph node staging also remains a [basis] in choosing the most appropriate therapy for a given stage .

Accurate staging represents the cornerstone for triaging patients to either localized or to more aggressive and systemic therapies .
accurate staging represents the [basis] for triaging patients to either localized or to more aggressive and systemic therapies .

In fact , improving efforts to help people choose risk avoidance and to diagnose those who are already infected is the cornerstone of the CDC 's new domestic HIV prevention strategy .
in fact , improving efforts to help people choose risk avoidance and to diagnose those who are already infected is the [basis] of the cdc 's new domestic hiv prevention strategy .

Fluid resuscitation is generally considered to be a cornerstone of treatment—but how much fluid should be given ?
fluid resuscitation is generally considered to be a [basis] of treatment—but how much fluid should be given ?

Until the worldwide efforts to prevent malaria come to fruition , refining the management of infected children will remain a cornerstone of the efforts against this devastating disease .
until the worldwide efforts to prevent malaria come to fruition , refining the management of infected children will remain a [basis] of the efforts against this devastating disease .

It endorsed the creation of an ERC as ‘ the cornerstone for the ERA and the key approach to developing a locus for…long-term fundamental curiosity-driven research judged on the basis of excellence and merit ’ .
it endorsed the creation of an erc as ‘ the [basis] for the era and the key approach to developing a locus for…long-term fundamental curiosity-driven research judged on the basis of excellence and merit ’ .

The political spin is that Bauer will be the Pat Buchanan of 2000 : He lacks experience in elected office and is too conservative for most voters ( he plans to make anti-abortion legislation a cornerstone of his campaign ) , but he will have plenty of diehard donors , volunteers , and caucus-goers from the religious right .
the political spin is that bauer will be the pat buchanan of 2000 : he lacks experience in elected office and is too conservative for most voters ( he plans to make anti-abortion legislation a [basis] of his campaign ) , but he will have plenty of diehard donors , volunteers , and caucus-goers from the religious right .

For nearly a decade I 've been obsessed by the cellist Jacqueline du Pré , whose tremulous , frequently rhapsodic recordings of concertos by Elgar , Schumann , and Dvorák formed the cornerstone of my music library .
for nearly a decade i 've been obsessed by the cellist jacqueline du pré , whose tremulous , frequently rhapsodic recordings of concertos by elgar , schumann , and dvorák formed the [basis] of my music library .

Having to take a bit of trouble to vote reminds you that voting is the cornerstone of all our rights .
having to take a bit of trouble to vote reminds you that voting is the [basis] of all our rights .

Sunday in Germany 's Welt am Sonntag , British Prime Minister Tony Blair claimed that he was n't `` in any way threatening the relationship between Germany and France , '' which has always been the cornerstone of the European Union , but he nevertheless made proposals that were in direct opposition to France 's stated national interests .
sunday in germany 's welt am sonntag , british prime minister tony blair claimed that he was n't `` in any way threatening the relationship between germany and france , '' which has always been the [basis] of the european union , but he nevertheless made proposals that were in direct opposition to france 's stated national interests .

Evita : In the New Republic , historian Enrique Krauze lists the horrors of Perónism glossed over by the musical and film : the torture and murder of political opponents , often under Nazi tutelage ; the sheltering of war criminals , possibly for personal profit ; the destruction of the Argentine economy ; the laying of the cornerstone for the `` Dirty Wars '' of the 1970s and 1980s .
evita : in the new republic , historian enrique krauze lists the horrors of perónism glossed over by the musical and film : the torture and murder of political opponents , often under nazi tutelage ; the sheltering of war criminals , possibly for personal profit ; the destruction of the argentine economy ; the laying of the [basis] for the `` dirty wars '' of the 1970s and 1980s .

Gesher 's [ Levy 's political party 's ] pulling out of the coalition removes a cornerstone from the Netanyahu government .
gesher 's [ levy 's political party 's ] pulling out of the coalition removes a [basis] from the netanyahu government .

Economists , after a few decades of hesitation , picked it up in the '80s and made it a cornerstone of their discipline .
economists , after a few decades of hesitation , picked it up in the '80s and made it a [basis] of their discipline .

A mudslide of pundits construes the Africa Tour as political homage to black voters in the United States , a cornerstone of Clinton 's electoral base .
a mudslide of pundits construes the africa tour as political homage to black voters in the united states , a [basis] of clinton 's electoral base .

The cornerstone of the treaty is its support for the `` precautionary principle , '' which allows countries to ban the import of genetically altered products without conclusive scientific proof that said products are hazardous .
the [basis] of the treaty is its support for the `` precautionary principle , '' which allows countries to ban the import of genetically altered products without conclusive scientific proof that said products are hazardous .

Substitute the word `` depression '' for `` despair '' and you have a cornerstone of modern psychotherapy .
substitute the word `` depression '' for `` despair '' and you have a [basis] of modern psychotherapy .

Cousy boasted that Bradley `` makes human rights a cornerstone , really , in terms of his priorities … All those problems stem , obviously , from man 's inhumanity to man .
cousy boasted that bradley `` makes human rights a [basis] , really , in terms of his priorities … all those problems stem , obviously , from man 's inhumanity to man .

