The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000 , a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year .
the cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000 , a 4 per cent increase compared to the [matching] period of last year .

Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally .
once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a [matching] restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally .

On the contrary , even in the heart of `` the Bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world .
on the contrary , even in the heart of `` the bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the [matching] changes in man's picture of himself and his world .

we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have octillion peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body .
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have octillion peas [matching] in number to the atoms in the body .

Locate their positions in Fig. 7 and drill No. 43 to match the corresponding holes in the frame .
locate their positions in fig. 7 and drill no. 43 to match the [matching] holes in the frame .

The video signal is amplified and then switched , in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength , corresponding to red , green , or blue , is seen .
the video signal is amplified and then switched , in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength , [matching] to red , green , or blue , is seen .

But when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit .
but when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a [matching] oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit .

Here I was accompanied by Mrs. Okamoto ( Fumio's mother ) , her son , Mr. Washizu ( a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a year ) , and Mr. Nishima , one of the science teachers .
here i was accompanied by mrs. okamoto ( fumio's mother ) , her son , mr. washizu ( a prospective student with whom i have been [matching] for more than a year ) , and mr. nishima , one of the science teachers .

Some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work .
some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply [matching] methods to their own work .

In a sense , Einstein's theory is simpler than Newton's , and there is a corresponding sense in which Copernicus' theory is simpler than Ptolemy's .
in a sense , einstein's theory is simpler than newton's , and there is a [matching] sense in which copernicus' theory is simpler than ptolemy's .

When the young biologist , Dr. Ballard , began to show interest in our daughter Elizabeth , this induced a corresponding interest , on our part , in him .
when the young biologist , dr. ballard , began to show interest in our daughter elizabeth , this induced a [matching] interest , on our part , in him .

Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others .
since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a [matching] reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others .

The Y.M.C.A. and Y.W.C.A. at Carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes .
the y.m.c.a. and y.w.c.a. at carleton are connected with the [matching] national organizations and carry out their general purposes .

X-ray and experimental density showed one formula unit in the unit cell , corresponding to a paramagnetic ion density of Af .
x-ray and experimental density showed one formula unit in the unit cell , [matching] to a paramagnetic ion density of af .

Because of the simplicity of the molecules , isotopic exchange reactions between elemental halogens and the corresponding carbon tetrahalides would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining unambiguous basic kinetic data .
because of the simplicity of the molecules , isotopic exchange reactions between elemental halogens and the [matching] carbon tetrahalides would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining unambiguous basic kinetic data .

By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 Af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases .
by comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency [matching] to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases .

The significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences been determined .
the significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of [matching] physiologic differences been determined .

The differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows .
the differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the [matching] mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows .

The `` dot '' on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
the `` dot '' on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the [matching] mean age for the growth center .

The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
the `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the [matching] mean age for the growth center .

Each point on C , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction .
each point on c , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of [matching] diagonal points by the above construction .

The set of intersections of Af , the rotated curve , with the original curve C consists of just the set of forward corner points on C corresponding to the vertex at Af , plus the vertex itself .
the set of intersections of af , the rotated curve , with the original curve c consists of just the set of forward corner points on c [matching] to the vertex at af , plus the vertex itself .

With each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter T between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points .
with each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter t between the vertex and its [matching] forward corner points .

This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the Aj .
this terminology will also be applied to the [matching] points in the aj .

In the f-plane the coordinates of the corresponding point are Af .
in the f-plane the coordinates of the [matching] point are af .

Therefore , for any value of T the number of values of f{t} is equal to the ( finite ) number of tangent points corresponding to the argument T plus an odd number .
therefore , for any value of t the number of values of f{t} is equal to the ( finite ) number of tangent points [matching] to the argument t plus an odd number .

We must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the C-plane are on opposite sides of C .
we must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the [matching] diagonal points in the c-plane are on opposite sides of c .

The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} .
the values af are the ordinary values at af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components [matching] to those of f{t} .

We first define a function b{t} as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on C and vertex at t , b{t} is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between T and the backward corner points .
we first define a function b{t} as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on c and vertex at t , b{t} is the [matching] set of positive parametric differences between t and the backward corner points .

On these generators let Af and Af be , respectively , the harmonic conjugates of Af and Af with respect to the two points in which the corresponding generator meets Aj .
on these generators let af and af be , respectively , the harmonic conjugates of af and af with respect to the two points in which the [matching] generator meets aj .

As Loomis remarks , `` In the internal pattern the chief reason for interacting is to communicate liking , friendship , and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and corresponding negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations '' .
as loomis remarks , `` in the internal pattern the chief reason for interacting is to communicate liking , friendship , and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and [matching] negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations '' .

Reports already issued on the sampling census , 1955 - 57 , in various areas run as follows ( using only the French and omitting corresponding Flemish titles ) .
reports already issued on the sampling census , 1955 - 57 , in various areas run as follows ( using only the french and omitting [matching] flemish titles ) .

For Athabascan , with a greater range of stems , the first two of five corresponding columns were identical , 1 and 2 stems ; ;
for athabascan , with a greater range of stems , the first two of five [matching] columns were identical , 1 and 2 stems ; ;

While the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in Athabascan .
while the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a [matching] grouping of more variable material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in athabascan .

As one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference .
as one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the [matching] visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference .

If the one- or two-digit address of an index word or electronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an XRESERVE or SRESERVE statement ( see page 99 ) , the corresponding index word or electronic switch is reserved .
if the one- or two-digit address of an index word or electronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an xreserve or sreserve statement ( see page 99 ) , the [matching] index word or electronic switch is reserved .

by means of an origin statement which refers to an actual address , the corresponding index word will be reserved .
by means of an origin statement which refers to an actual address , the [matching] index word will be reserved .

There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups .
there are also [matching] members and outside advisory groups .

However the team does not roll the die but begins its turn by pulling a new card and sketching the word corresponding
however the team does not roll the die but begins its turn by pulling a new card and sketching the word [matching]

So the corresponding properties of non-metals they tend to dull .
so the [matching] properties of non-metals they tend to dull .

The corresponding 1991 figure showed 500 buy-outs completed at a cost of £2.6 billion .
the [matching] 1991 figure showed 500 buy-outs completed at a cost of £2.6 billion .

With a total deal value of £960 million the fourth quarter was the strongest , showing an increase of £340 million over the third quarter but a rise of just £20 million over the corresponding period in the previous year .
with a total deal value of £960 million the fourth quarter was the strongest , showing an increase of £340 million over the third quarter but a rise of just £20 million over the [matching] period in the previous year .

Hybridisation-based procedures involving cDNAs are unreliable as they are dependent on the presence and relative abundance of the transcripts in the corresponding libraries .
hybridisation-based procedures involving cdnas are unreliable as they are dependent on the presence and relative abundance of the transcripts in the [matching] libraries .

In the last three months , the volume of retail sales was 0.3 per cent higher than in the previous quarter and 1.75 per cent higher than the corresponding period a year ago .
in the last three months , the volume of retail sales was 0.3 per cent higher than in the previous quarter and 1.75 per cent higher than the [matching] period a year ago .

Where a clone and probe hybridise the corresponding row-column intersection is shaded depending on the level of hybridisation .
where a clone and probe hybridise the [matching] row-column intersection is shaded depending on the level of hybridisation .

Neglecting of clones producing these links is the simpliest way of resolving the corresponding forks , although a more careful analysis of hybridization data for such probe pairs and clones linking them could help to reduce the level of noise .
neglecting of clones producing these links is the simpliest way of resolving the [matching] forks , although a more careful analysis of hybridization data for such probe pairs and clones linking them could help to reduce the level of noise .

For instance , restriction fragments of the clones in the library can play the role of probes , and the presence of a fragment in a clone digest will be equivalent to a positive hybridisation between the corresponding clone and ‘ probe ’ .
for instance , restriction fragments of the clones in the library can play the role of probes , and the presence of a fragment in a clone digest will be equivalent to a positive hybridisation between the [matching] clone and ‘ probe ’ .

It was in the corresponding match last season that Marshall sustained the knee ligament damage which threatened to put him out of the game .
it was in the [matching] match last season that marshall sustained the knee ligament damage which threatened to put him out of the game .

Sales figures around Christmas and New Year are very prone to changes in seasonal patterns , and total sales in the last three months together were less than 0.25 per cent higher than in the previous three months and only 1.4 per cent higher than in the corresponding three months a year ago .
sales figures around christmas and new year are very prone to changes in seasonal patterns , and total sales in the last three months together were less than 0.25 per cent higher than in the previous three months and only 1.4 per cent higher than in the [matching] three months a year ago .

In two-parent families , where no adults were in work , the corresponding figure was 46 per cent , which rose to 55 per cent when one of the adults was in work and 59 per cent when both adults were in work .
in two-parent families , where no adults were in work , the [matching] figure was 46 per cent , which rose to 55 per cent when one of the adults was in work and 59 per cent when both adults were in work .

This is not the view of Andrew Dallmeyer , who has written a very thought-provoking play linking Chapman and Lennon through corresponding aspects of their haunted lives .
this is not the view of andrew dallmeyer , who has written a very thought-provoking play linking chapman and lennon through [matching] aspects of their haunted lives .

Numbers on the top scale indicate nucleotide positions corresponding to the gene 62 promoter .
numbers on the top scale indicate nucleotide positions [matching] to the gene 62 promoter .

Whitehouse was injured in the 10th minute after a clash of heads and five minutes later Spurs , who were thrashed 6–0 in the corresponding fixture last season , took the lead when striker Teddy Sheringham hit his fifth of the season .
whitehouse was injured in the 10th minute after a clash of heads and five minutes later spurs , who were thrashed 6–0 in the [matching] fixture last season , took the lead when striker teddy sheringham hit his fifth of the season .

Profits before tax were up 137pc and turnover topped £54m against £43m for the corresponding period last year , an increase of 25pc .
profits before tax were up 137pc and turnover topped £54m against £43m for the [matching] period last year , an increase of 25pc .

There will be an increase in the powers of the Head Teacher , Governors , and Parents with a corresponding decrease in the powers of the Local Authority and Teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the operation .
there will be an increase in the powers of the head teacher , governors , and parents with a [matching] decrease in the powers of the local authority and teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the operation .

Your spine runs down the centre of the body , so the corresponding foot reflex will be found running down the inside edge of both feet .
your spine runs down the centre of the body , so the [matching] foot reflex will be found running down the inside edge of both feet .

Bearing in mind the resemblance of the feet to the body , all reflexes to the body can be found in the corresponding area on the feet .
bearing in mind the resemblance of the feet to the body , all reflexes to the body can be found in the [matching] area on the feet .

Suppose we wish to compare someone 's purchases of first- and second-class postage stamps in 1981 ( current ) with the corresponding figures for 1976 ( base ) .
suppose we wish to compare someone 's purchases of first- and second-class postage stamps in 1981 ( current ) with the [matching] figures for 1976 ( base ) .

The average price moved from 15.0÷2 = 7.5 to 25.5÷2 = 12.75 , giving a relative of 170.0 ; the corresponding quantity relative is 130.8 .
the average price moved from 15.0÷2 = 7.5 to 25.5÷2 = 12.75 , giving a relative of 170.0 ; the [matching] quantity relative is 130.8 .

The corresponding figure for second-year undergraduates is 1 in 9 .
the [matching] figure for second-year undergraduates is 1 in 9 .

Why do the live birth figures for the last two quarters of 1985 and for the whole of 1985 appear as rounded thousands ? Why are the corresponding rates not similarly rounded ?
why do the live birth figures for the last two quarters of 1985 and for the whole of 1985 appear as rounded thousands ? why are the [matching] rates not similarly rounded ?

However , we often require smoothed values corresponding to the time points of the original observations yet have no choice but to use 12-month or 4-quarter averages to eliminate seasonal variation .
however , we often require smoothed values [matching] to the time points of the original observations yet have no choice but to use 12-month or 4-quarter averages to eliminate seasonal variation .

Suppose we have quarterly figures y 1 , y 2 , y 3 , y 4 , y 5 , Then the first 4-quarter moving average will be corresponding to a time point midway between the second and third quarters , and the second will be corresponding to a time midway between the third and fourth quarters .
suppose we have quarterly figures y 1 , y 2 , y 3 , y 4 , y 5 , then the first 4-quarter moving average will be [matching] to a time point midway between the second and third quarters , and the second will be [matching] to a time midway between the third and fourth quarters .

The four quarterly effects ( which we are assuming to be invariant during the time span of the data ) can now be estimated from the averages of corresponding quarters over these seven years .
the four quarterly effects ( which we are assuming to be invariant during the time span of the data ) can now be estimated from the averages of [matching] quarters over these seven years .

Let the observed yield from the plot receiving a particular treatment combination be denoted by the corresponding small letter ( s ) .
let the observed yield from the plot receiving a particular treatment combination be denoted by the [matching] small letter ( s ) .

If drivers were simply being more careful , there would be a corresponding decline for pedestrians and rear seat passengers ; a fall is indeed to be seen but is not nearly so marked .
if drivers were simply being more careful , there would be a [matching] decline for pedestrians and rear seat passengers ; a fall is indeed to be seen but is not nearly so marked .

So increases in state spending were largely offset by corresponding reductions by taxpayers .
so increases in state spending were largely offset by [matching] reductions by taxpayers .

But what really excited her about the visit was the museum 's corresponding red leather book containing all the same names , which enabled both to double-check the information .
but what really excited her about the visit was the museum 's [matching] red leather book containing all the same names , which enabled both to double-check the information .

It was in the corresponding race last year , held at Gateshead , that she returned to top class competition for the first time since giving birth to daughter Rachel .
it was in the [matching] race last year , held at gateshead , that she returned to top class competition for the first time since giving birth to daughter rachel .

It was sweet revenge for Flintshire , who lost out in the corresponding fixture last season , and it gave them the perfect start as they bid to recapture the North Wales county crown .
it was sweet revenge for flintshire , who lost out in the [matching] fixture last season , and it gave them the perfect start as they bid to recapture the north wales county crown .

While confirming that the results showed ‘ a marked improvement over the results for the corresponding period in 1992 ’ , Mr Parker warned that the Yard was still sailing through choppy waters .
while confirming that the results showed ‘ a marked improvement over the results for the [matching] period in 1992 ’ , mr parker warned that the yard was still sailing through choppy waters .

Every day at her home at Park End in the Forest of Dean , Gloucestershire , letters pour in from the 80 condemned men she 's corresponding with , as part of her world-wide campaign against the death penalty .
every day at her home at park end in the forest of dean , gloucestershire , letters pour in from the 80 condemned men she 's [matching] with , as part of her world-wide campaign against the death penalty .

The fact is you ca n't stay on top of a cloud indefinitely , and however long you put it off , there 's going to be a corresponding second phase of disappointment and disenchantment when each partner becomes aware of the bits that they 're not so keen on .
the fact is you ca n't stay on top of a cloud indefinitely , and however long you put it off , there 's going to be a [matching] second phase of disappointment and disenchantment when each partner becomes aware of the bits that they 're not so keen on .

If the tonic syllable is the final syllable , the tone will not sound much different from that of a corresponding one-syllable tone-unit .
if the tonic syllable is the final syllable , the tone will not sound much different from that of a [matching] one-syllable tone-unit .

Pre-tax profits in the three months to the end of September , rose 9pc to £571m from £525m in the corresponding period last year .
pre-tax profits in the three months to the end of september , rose 9pc to £571m from £525m in the [matching] period last year .

Dividing the average levels of consumption spending for each income group by the corresponding average level of income gives each group 's apc .
dividing the average levels of consumption spending for each income group by the [matching] average level of income gives each group 's apc .

The corresponding carbon dioxide emissions were down by a similar amount .
the [matching] carbon dioxide emissions were down by a similar amount .

But the mercury content of the sediment could soon improve if Liverpool Bay follows the pattern of the Manchester Ship canal , where there already been a significant decrease and a corresponding decline of mercury in the estuary 's surface sediment .
but the mercury content of the sediment could soon improve if liverpool bay follows the pattern of the manchester ship canal , where there already been a significant decrease and a [matching] decline of mercury in the estuary 's surface sediment .

Using his Leicester home as an office , he found himself working up to 80 hours a week , corresponding with people in America , Australia and all over Europe .
using his leicester home as an office , he found himself working up to 80 hours a week , [matching] with people in america , australia and all over europe .

Any system that measures direct current or potential difference can be adapted to measure the corresponding alternating quantity by inserting a rectifying circuit in front of it .
any system that measures direct current or potential difference can be adapted to measure the [matching] alternating quantity by inserting a rectifying circuit in front of it .

The condition is conveniently expressed by where Taking the square root of both sides of equation ( 9.50 ) , the quadratic equation is obtained which has roots or , since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning Substituting for k from equation ( 9.48 ) , these pulsatances are and imposing condition ( 9.51 ) establishes that the pulsatance range corresponding to is In this range of pulsatance , the attenuation constant is zero , but from equation ( 9.15 ) there is a phase shift per section given by In the range which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying and , where and are the critical pulsatances defined in condition ( 9.52 ) , the phase shift is but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where Perhaps surprisingly , condition ( 9.52 ) yields the simple relationship
the condition is conveniently expressed by where taking the square root of both sides of equation ( 9.50 ) , the quadratic equation is obtained which has roots or , since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning substituting for k from equation ( 9.48 ) , these pulsatances are and imposing condition ( 9.51 ) establishes that the pulsatance range [matching] to is in this range of pulsatance , the attenuation constant is zero , but from equation ( 9.15 ) there is a phase shift per section given by in the range which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying and , where and are the critical pulsatances defined in condition ( 9.52 ) , the phase shift is but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where perhaps surprisingly , condition ( 9.52 ) yields the simple relationship

Also shown is the dependence of the attenuation constant of the corresponding prototype on frequency and the behaviour of the prototype and m-derived sections when cascaded .
also shown is the dependence of the attenuation constant of the [matching] prototype on frequency and the behaviour of the prototype and m-derived sections when cascaded .

9.10 Attenuation constant α as a function of the pulsatance ο for a constant-k , low-pass , prototype , filter section , for the corresponding m-derived section having m=0.3 and for these two sections cascaded .
9.10 attenuation constant α as a function of the pulsatance ο for a constant-k , low-pass , prototype , filter section , for the [matching] m-derived section having m=0.3 and for these two sections cascaded .

At the opposite extreme of m = 1 , the half-section is half of a constant-k T-section and equation ( 9.66 ) shows that in this case the load gives rise to input impedance , the characteristic impedance of the corresponding Π-section .
at the opposite extreme of m = 1 , the half-section is half of a constant-k t-section and equation ( 9.66 ) shows that in this case the load gives rise to input impedance , the characteristic impedance of the [matching] π-section .

It is of course possible to design Π-type m-derived half-sections to fulfil corresponding roles to those of the T-type m-derived half-sections .
it is of course possible to design π-type m-derived half-sections to fulfil [matching] roles to those of the t-type m-derived half-sections .

There are of course two differing iterative impedances for any asymmetric section corresponding to the possibility of loading either end .
there are of course two differing iterative impedances for any asymmetric section [matching] to the possibility of loading either end .

If this phase difference is negligibly small , say , less than a few degrees , then the line may as well be represented in terms of lumped components corresponding to the total series and parallel impedances .
if this phase difference is negligibly small , say , less than a few degrees , then the line may as well be represented in terms of lumped components [matching] to the total series and parallel impedances .

Resistive losses are often very small in transmission lines in comparison with corresponding reactive effects .
resistive losses are often very small in transmission lines in comparison with [matching] reactive effects .

10.4 ( a ) Simply biased , capacitor-coupled , common-emitter amplifier , ( b ) output characteristics of amplifying transistor with load lines corresponding to circuit ( a ) superimposed and ( c ) input characteristics of amplifying transistor also with load lines corresponding to circuit ( a ) superimposed .
10.4 ( a ) simply biased , capacitor-coupled , common-emitter amplifier , ( b ) output characteristics of amplifying transistor with load lines [matching] to circuit ( a ) superimposed and ( c ) input characteristics of amplifying transistor also with load lines [matching] to circuit ( a ) superimposed .

In terms of these Z-parameters , equations ( 10.5 ) are just and , because of the linear relationship between small signals , the response to small sinusoidal signals is governed by corresponding phasor equations
in terms of these z-parameters , equations ( 10.5 ) are just and , because of the linear relationship between small signals , the response to small sinusoidal signals is governed by [matching] phasor equations

In terms of these particular variables the behaviour is expressible as and so sufficiently small signals are related by where ; ; Again , the small-signal linearity means that the small-signal sinusoidal response is governed by corresponding phasor equations Symbols are universally adopted to denote the differential parameters involved here because they have hybrid dimensions .
in terms of these particular variables the behaviour is expressible as and so sufficiently small signals are related by where ; ; again , the small-signal linearity means that the small-signal sinusoidal response is governed by [matching] phasor equations symbols are universally adopted to denote the differential parameters involved here because they have hybrid dimensions .

Clearly this analysis will only give the performance of corresponding practical circuits up to some critical frequency beyond which their response will be influenced by the significant departure of the operational amplifier from ideal behaviour .
clearly this analysis will only give the performance of [matching] practical circuits up to some critical frequency beyond which their response will be influenced by the significant departure of the operational amplifier from ideal behaviour .

The bistable multivibrator or flip-flop shown in figure 10.14 ( d ) has two stable states corresponding to the two possible saturated output levels .
the bistable multivibrator or flip-flop shown in figure 10.14 ( d ) has two stable states [matching] to the two possible saturated output levels .

Every periodic wave is equivalent to some unique harmonic spectrum and it is suggested that the reader should draw the spectrum corresponding to a square wave as an exercise .
every periodic wave is equivalent to some unique harmonic spectrum and it is suggested that the reader should draw the spectrum [matching] to a square wave as an exercise .

Before obtaining an expression for the continuous frequency spectrum corresponding to a nonperiodic signal , it is helpful to reformulate the theory of the previous section regarding the Fourier spectrum of a periodic signal in terms of complex exponential functions .
before obtaining an expression for the continuous frequency spectrum [matching] to a nonperiodic signal , it is helpful to reformulate the theory of the previous section regarding the fourier spectrum of a periodic signal in terms of complex exponential functions .

To appreciate how an s-plane diagram can reveal the Fourier spectrum of a signal , first consider for simplicity the Laplace transform corresponding to an exponentially decaying signal .
to appreciate how an s-plane diagram can reveal the fourier spectrum of a signal , first consider for simplicity the laplace transform [matching] to an exponentially decaying signal .

With the same notation as earlier , since , where and , as α becomes larger corresponding to more damping , gets smaller and the poles converge on the real axis until when , which is the critically damped condition and the poles coincide on the real axis .
with the same notation as earlier , since , where and , as α becomes larger [matching] to more damping , gets smaller and the poles converge on the real axis until when , which is the critically damped condition and the poles coincide on the real axis .

The general procedure for finding the physical function corresponding to is to reject poles of in the positive half of the s-plane and construct a function that possesses just those poles of that lie in the negative half of the s-plane .
the general procedure for finding the physical function [matching] to is to reject poles of in the positive half of the s-plane and construct a function that possesses just those poles of that lie in the negative half of the s-plane .

Often expressions for the values of the reactive components of Butterworth filters are quoted corresponding to unit load resistance and unit cut-off pulsatance .
often expressions for the values of the reactive components of butterworth filters are quoted [matching] to unit load resistance and unit cut-off pulsatance .

The poles of are therefore given by and the appropriate transfer function is consequently or Comparison of this response with that of equation ( 12.12 ) establishes that the network of figure 12.2 ( a ) achieves second-order Chebyshev response corresponding to provided that and .
the poles of are therefore given by and the appropriate transfer function is consequently or comparison of this response with that of equation ( 12.12 ) establishes that the network of figure 12.2 ( a ) achieves second-order chebyshev response [matching] to provided that and .

The low-pass Butterworth and Chebyshev filter designs of the previous two sections can readily be adapted to create corresponding high-pass filters .
the low-pass butterworth and chebyshev filter designs of the previous two sections can readily be adapted to create [matching] high-pass filters .

One positive feature of this transfer of world liquidity to the oil exporting countries has been the corresponding increase in demand for the world 's products by these countries .
one positive feature of this transfer of world liquidity to the oil exporting countries has been the [matching] increase in demand for the world 's products by these countries .

This system of ranking and responsibility , corresponding closely with age and years of service in the company , is one unique characteristic of Japanese organisations .
this system of ranking and responsibility , [matching] closely with age and years of service in the company , is one unique characteristic of japanese organisations .

The six screws at the front of the bridge plate are different to those of a Strat in that each one has a V-shaped groove which fits into a corresponding knife edge on the bridge plate .
the six screws at the front of the bridge plate are different to those of a strat in that each one has a v-shaped groove which fits into a [matching] knife edge on the bridge plate .

All religions , according to Gandhi , are different roads to the same goal and it is his contention that there will always be a variety of religions corresponding to different human temperaments and environments .
all religions , according to gandhi , are different roads to the same goal and it is his contention that there will always be a variety of religions [matching] to different human temperaments and environments .

It may be better understood if it is set in the context of Hindu teaching concerning the different orders or āśramas of society corresponding to the different stages of life .
it may be better understood if it is set in the context of hindu teaching concerning the different orders or āśramas of society [matching] to the different stages of life .

Remembering that pin 2 is an inverting input , any rise in its voltage will cause a corresponding fall in voltage at pin 6 , and vice-versa .
remembering that pin 2 is an inverting input , any rise in its voltage will cause a [matching] fall in voltage at pin 6 , and vice-versa .

The flashing light is then picked up by a sensor at the distant end and the information converted first into a corresponding electrical pattern then into sound using an earpiece or loudspeaker .
the flashing light is then picked up by a sensor at the distant end and the information converted first into a [matching] electrical pattern then into sound using an earpiece or loudspeaker .

Weather : annual changes in the weather provoke corresponding differences in the quality and quantity of a crop , or vintage .
weather : annual changes in the weather provoke [matching] differences in the quality and quantity of a crop , or vintage .

The chord types here are basically dominant sevenths ( root , major 3rd , 5th and ♭7th ) and Shaun goes for notes from the corresponding mixolydian mode in each case .
the chord types here are basically dominant sevenths ( root , major 3rd , 5th and ♭7th ) and shaun goes for notes from the [matching] mixolydian mode in each case .

But , as a very rough guide , the first frosts — occurring around Guy Fawkes ' night and corresponding with intensive leaf-fall — mark the time when your fish will cease to be active and enter a state of semi-dormancy .
but , as a very rough guide , the first frosts — occurring around guy fawkes ' night and [matching] with intensive leaf-fall — mark the time when your fish will cease to be active and enter a state of semi-dormancy .

Each of these was then further subdivided so that he had a total of thirty-eight — each group corresponding to one of the thirty-eight remedies which he subsequently discovered .
each of these was then further subdivided so that he had a total of thirty-eight — each group [matching] to one of the thirty-eight remedies which he subsequently discovered .

are used to produce the corresponding nosode .
are used to produce the [matching] nosode .

The corresponding percentages for medium-sized corporates were 68 per cent and 18 per cent respectively and for smaller firms 54 and 38.5 per cent respectively .
the [matching] percentages for medium-sized corporates were 68 per cent and 18 per cent respectively and for smaller firms 54 and 38.5 per cent respectively .

On the south side a corresponding basement is hidden by a drawer flap which , when pulled down , reveals the cellar with its groined roof .
on the south side a [matching] basement is hidden by a drawer flap which , when pulled down , reveals the cellar with its groined roof .

Authentic printed labels were correctly reproduced by photography and the bottles filled with the corresponding vintages .
authentic printed labels were correctly reproduced by photography and the bottles filled with the [matching] vintages .

On making the transition from one prototype to another a di-gram weight corresponding to the appropriate letter pair was used in the optimisation metric , to influence the path chosen .
on making the transition from one prototype to another a di-gram weight [matching] to the appropriate letter pair was used in the optimisation metric , to influence the path chosen .

Each letter of the alphabet is given a code ( ‘ m ’ , ‘ u ’ or ‘ l ’ — corresponding to 1 , 2 , 3 after Sinha ) , so a word gets a complete code string .
each letter of the alphabet is given a code ( ‘ m ’ , ‘ u ’ or ‘ l ’ — [matching] to 1 , 2 , 3 after sinha ) , so a word gets a complete code string .

The following table shows some example words with their corresponding zone codes and reduced zone codes .
the following table shows some example words with their [matching] zone codes and reduced zone codes .

The value of visiting rather than just corresponding with the Social Security Office when a relative dies can not be emphasised too strongly , as this enables any problems to be discussed and dealt with speedily .
the value of visiting rather than just [matching] with the social security office when a relative dies can not be emphasised too strongly , as this enables any problems to be discussed and dealt with speedily .

Then write up a list of clues corresponding to the place where the items are hidden .
then write up a list of clues [matching] to the place where the items are hidden .

Indeed , as far as secondary schools were concerned , the stranglehold exerted by central government over the curriculum was not relaxed until the 1944 Education Act for England and Wales and the corresponding Scottish legislation of 1945 .
indeed , as far as secondary schools were concerned , the stranglehold exerted by central government over the curriculum was not relaxed until the 1944 education act for england and wales and the [matching] scottish legislation of 1945 .

An income elasticity of demand for imports which was higher than the corresponding change in foreign demand for British goods imposed a serious balance of payments constraint because of the requirement to maintain a fixed exchange rate .
an income elasticity of demand for imports which was higher than the [matching] change in foreign demand for british goods imposed a serious balance of payments constraint because of the requirement to maintain a fixed exchange rate .

First , when we examine a very wide range of psychotic traits in normal people , using questionnaires that contain different kinds of item , we find that they tend to group into clusters closely corresponding to the different ways in which clinical psychosis manifests itself : in emotion , in perception and thinking , and in socially deviant behaviour .
first , when we examine a very wide range of psychotic traits in normal people , using questionnaires that contain different kinds of item , we find that they tend to group into clusters closely [matching] to the different ways in which clinical psychosis manifests itself : in emotion , in perception and thinking , and in socially deviant behaviour .

Without desire there can be no attachment and so no loss and corresponding suffering .
without desire there can be no attachment and so no loss and [matching] suffering .

Britain 's currency was devalued in the mid-1980s , but there was no corresponding export boom or re-investment in manufacturing .
britain 's currency was devalued in the mid-1980s , but there was no [matching] export boom or re-investment in manufacturing .

To remove an inequality constraint is straightforward if the slack variable for that constraint is basic ; we just drop the corresponding row from the tableau .
to remove an inequality constraint is straightforward if the slack variable for that constraint is basic ; we just drop the [matching] row from the tableau .

If the slack variable is non-basic , we can pivot to make it basic and then drop the corresponding row .
if the slack variable is non-basic , we can pivot to make it basic and then drop the [matching] row .

8.1 ( a ) there is a unique path , or sequence of distinct nodes linked by edges , from i to 1 ( corresponding to ‘ a line of descent ’ from 1 to i ) and this is the defining characteristic of a tree .
8.1 ( a ) there is a unique path , or sequence of distinct nodes linked by edges , from i to 1 ( [matching] to ‘ a line of descent ’ from 1 to i ) and this is the defining characteristic of a tree .

We will set out the data in a tableau with rows corresponding to warehouses and columns to shops .
we will set out the data in a tableau with rows [matching] to warehouses and columns to shops .

These rules can also be deduced by imagining that we try to send extra goods ‘ round the cycle ’ by increasing the flow of goods in edges corresponding to forward variables and reducing it in edges corresponding to reverse variables .
these rules can also be deduced by imagining that we try to send extra goods ‘ round the cycle ’ by increasing the flow of goods in edges [matching] to forward variables and reducing it in edges [matching] to reverse variables .

The more intense the belief , the more magnetically we attract the corresponding experiences .
the more intense the belief , the more magnetically we attract the [matching] experiences .

Seth suggests that ‘ Mental images , accompanied by strong emotion , are blueprints … upon which a corresponding physical object , or condition or event , will in your terms appear .
seth suggests that ‘ mental images , accompanied by strong emotion , are blueprints … upon which a [matching] physical object , or condition or event , will in your terms appear .

The positions of the flying control surfaces at impact could not be established ; however the rudder pedals were jammed in a position corresponding to a demand for full left rudder .
the positions of the flying control surfaces at impact could not be established ; however the rudder pedals were jammed in a position [matching] to a demand for full left rudder .

One of the large sprocket attaching bolts was found fractured at a position closely corresponding with the top surface of the sprocket ( i.e .
one of the large sprocket attaching bolts was found fractured at a position closely [matching] with the top surface of the sprocket ( i.e .

This narrow angle swept wing with the leading edges at 105 degrees and corresponding sweepback on the trailing edge was a weight-saving exercise that established a standard by which most others are judged .
this narrow angle swept wing with the leading edges at 105 degrees and [matching] sweepback on the trailing edge was a weight-saving exercise that established a standard by which most others are judged .

The major factor making for such an enormous increase in the money supply was the equally dramatic rise in government expenditure and the inability of the government to raise tax revenue by a corresponding amount .
the major factor making for such an enormous increase in the money supply was the equally dramatic rise in government expenditure and the inability of the government to raise tax revenue by a [matching] amount .

To be precise it should be remarked that this catalogue concludes with husbandmen worth less than £10 , and as such corresponding almost exactly with Smith 's fourth sort of people .
to be precise it should be remarked that this catalogue concludes with husbandmen worth less than £10 , and as such [matching] almost exactly with smith 's fourth sort of people .

In provincial towns we noticed the relatively small numbers of £3 — £9 assessments , corresponding to the main body of husbandmen in villages ; similarly in London there was a shortage of £10 — £39 assessments , even of the £40 .
in provincial towns we noticed the relatively small numbers of £3 — £9 assessments , [matching] to the main body of husbandmen in villages ; similarly in london there was a shortage of £10 — £39 assessments , even of the £40 .

There has been a corresponding shift in studies of youth and in the kind of questions asked by sociologists .
there has been a [matching] shift in studies of youth and in the kind of questions asked by sociologists .

For the corresponding period in the previous year 818 men had been accommodated , plus 22 women and one child .
for the [matching] period in the previous year 818 men had been accommodated , plus 22 women and one child .

When choosing your army bear in mind that some types of character model , war engines , or special troops are only available if your army includes Mobs of corresponding Orc or Goblin types .
when choosing your army bear in mind that some types of character model , war engines , or special troops are only available if your army includes mobs of [matching] orc or goblin types .

Feminist ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ objective ’ procedures for studying subjectivity can , like the corresponding psychological methods , rest on a concept of a unified , rational , purely psychological subject , which is inadequate for their concerns .
feminist ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ objective ’ procedures for studying subjectivity can , like the [matching] psychological methods , rest on a concept of a unified , rational , purely psychological subject , which is inadequate for their concerns .

admit as much in a note to their text to the effect that : ‘ There was not , however , a corresponding reduction in the space devoted to public affairs due to the Daily Mirror 's increased size .
admit as much in a note to their text to the effect that : ‘ there was not , however , a [matching] reduction in the space devoted to public affairs due to the daily mirror 's increased size .

The demands of such actions for lawyers ' services are such that only a large and complex firm can meet them , with corresponding implications for costs , restricting , in turn , the availability of such services to all but the wealthiest .
the demands of such actions for lawyers ' services are such that only a large and complex firm can meet them , with [matching] implications for costs , restricting , in turn , the availability of such services to all but the wealthiest .

Damage to the corresponding part of the right hemisphere had no effect on speech .
damage to the [matching] part of the right hemisphere had no effect on speech .

For example , the neocortex is connected to the thalamus in such a way that destruction of part of the cortex causes cells in a corresponding part of the thalamus to die , a process known as ‘ retrograde degeneration ’ .
for example , the neocortex is connected to the thalamus in such a way that destruction of part of the cortex causes cells in a [matching] part of the thalamus to die , a process known as ‘ retrograde degeneration ’ .

On a priori grounds we would expect humans to have an auditory area corresponding to temporal visual cortex since speech requires the categorical perception of sounds .
on a priori grounds we would expect humans to have an auditory area [matching] to temporal visual cortex since speech requires the categorical perception of sounds .

Its corresponding defects were that it was almost insignificant in Europe , retained out-of-date weapons adequate only for colonial use , and paid little attention to training its senior officers for large-scale operations .
its [matching] defects were that it was almost insignificant in europe , retained out-of-date weapons adequate only for colonial use , and paid little attention to training its senior officers for large-scale operations .

The fly in effect assumes that the size and velocity of the target are always those corresponding to hoverflies , and on this rigid ( and fallible ) basis the creature determines its angle of turn , when initiating its flight , according to the variable approach angle subtended by the target .
the fly in effect assumes that the size and velocity of the target are always those [matching] to hoverflies , and on this rigid ( and fallible ) basis the creature determines its angle of turn , when initiating its flight , according to the variable approach angle subtended by the target .

In short , they do not begin with a question and seek an answer ; they rather start with an answer and devise a corresponding question .
in short , they do not begin with a question and seek an answer ; they rather start with an answer and devise a [matching] question .

In these fields , too , we are sometimes able to identify social phenomena such as an increase in population size , which we can use to explain other phenomena , while at the same time being unable to identify any corresponding regularities in the behaviour or attitudes of individual agents .
in these fields , too , we are sometimes able to identify social phenomena such as an increase in population size , which we can use to explain other phenomena , while at the same time being unable to identify any [matching] regularities in the behaviour or attitudes of individual agents .

If it does turn out to be of general significance at a variety of scales it will imply that the increased environmental stress associated in some way with regressions promotes an increase in extinction rate and corresponding vacation of ecological niches , with a consequent opportunity for new species to establish themselves .
if it does turn out to be of general significance at a variety of scales it will imply that the increased environmental stress associated in some way with regressions promotes an increase in extinction rate and [matching] vacation of ecological niches , with a consequent opportunity for new species to establish themselves .

We should not expect three classes of behaviour corresponding to the three processes of adaptation .
we should not expect three classes of behaviour [matching] to the three processes of adaptation .

In the first place , Singer countered , it would be difficult to locate the minimal qualification for the sense of justice and , furthermore , once established , it could well be to the detriment of equality since it might imply that we could have ‘ grades of moral status , with rights and duties corresponding to the degree of refinement of one 's sense of justice ’ ( 1979 : 16–17 ) .
in the first place , singer countered , it would be difficult to locate the minimal qualification for the sense of justice and , furthermore , once established , it could well be to the detriment of equality since it might imply that we could have ‘ grades of moral status , with rights and duties [matching] to the degree of refinement of one 's sense of justice ’ ( 1979 : 16–17 ) .

If then any acts of animals are analogous to human acts and spring from the same principles we have duties towards the animals because thus we cultivate the corresponding duties towards human beings .
if then any acts of animals are analogous to human acts and spring from the same principles we have duties towards the animals because thus we cultivate the [matching] duties towards human beings .

Considerations that are given deliberative priority in order to secure reliability constitute obligations ; corresponding to those obligations are rights , possessed by people who benefit from the obligations .
considerations that are given deliberative priority in order to secure reliability constitute obligations ; [matching] to those obligations are rights , possessed by people who benefit from the obligations .

The HyperCard is based on the above outline of document preparation systems , with tutorials corresponding to each of the third level of headings ( e.g .
the hypercard is based on the above outline of document preparation systems , with tutorials [matching] to each of the third level of headings ( e.g .

Once all the stitches are on the front bed , bring into working position all the corresponding needles on the back bed ( these are slightly offset ) .
once all the stitches are on the front bed , bring into working position all the [matching] needles on the back bed ( these are slightly offset ) .

Within a matter of moments , the computer will indicate which of the three shade-groups you suit , from Warm to Cool to Neutral , and you can choose your products from the corresponding colour sections on display .
within a matter of moments , the computer will indicate which of the three shade-groups you suit , from warm to cool to neutral , and you can choose your products from the [matching] colour sections on display .

Morality , religion , metaphysics , all the rest of ideology and their corresponding forms of consciousness , thus no longer retain the semblance of independence .
morality , religion , metaphysics , all the rest of ideology and their [matching] forms of consciousness , thus no longer retain the semblance of independence .

He does however describe language as a form in a constant process of evolution that is not tied to corresponding changes in its meaning or vice versa .
he does however describe language as a form in a constant process of evolution that is not tied to [matching] changes in its meaning or vice versa .

The artifact , thus , functions merely as an external signifier … for which in the collective consciousness there is a corresponding signification
the artifact , thus , functions merely as an external signifier … for which in the collective consciousness there is a [matching] signification

For each corresponding frame , most of the ‘ target node names ’ were prefixed by the ‘ source node name ’ ( see Figure 11 ) .
for each [matching] frame , most of the ‘ target node names ’ were prefixed by the ‘ source node name ’ ( see figure 11 ) .

This jump occurs after the paragraph corresponding to the last link from a node and before the first paragraph associated with the next node .
this jump occurs after the paragraph [matching] to the last link from a node and before the first paragraph associated with the next node .

The outline is dynamically generated , and users can select a topic in the outline and see the paragraphs associated with the corresponding link object .
the outline is dynamically generated , and users can select a topic in the outline and see the paragraphs associated with the [matching] link object .

Thus there will be a decline in the quality of the housing stock available to this sector , and a corresponding increase in both empty houses and the number of those who are homeless .
thus there will be a decline in the quality of the housing stock available to this sector , and a [matching] increase in both empty houses and the number of those who are homeless .

Average prices decreased by 13.3 per cent in the South East during the twelve months prior to March 1990 , whereas the corresponding figure for the North of England was an increase of 25.2 per cent .
average prices decreased by 13.3 per cent in the south east during the twelve months prior to march 1990 , whereas the [matching] figure for the north of england was an increase of 25.2 per cent .

This compares with a profit of over £133m in the corresponding period .
this compares with a profit of over £133m in the [matching] period .

In each case , after charging , measurements of heat had to be made for several hundreds of hours and repeated at several different levels of current , between 0.05 and 1.5 amps corresponding to a current entering each square centimetre of surface of the rods of 8 and 64 mA .
in each case , after charging , measurements of heat had to be made for several hundreds of hours and repeated at several different levels of current , between 0.05 and 1.5 amps [matching] to a current entering each square centimetre of surface of the rods of 8 and 64 ma .

No corresponding fixture .
no [matching] fixture .

No corresponding fixture .
no [matching] fixture .

No corresponding fixture .
no [matching] fixture .

Last season : No corresponding games .
last season : no [matching] games .

Last season : No corresponding games .
last season : no [matching] games .

Talking with their age peers may also be important , and small group counselling can be a useful means of both enabling elderly people to realize that their sexual needs are not unusual , and putting them into contact with others who may have similar or even corresponding needs .
talking with their age peers may also be important , and small group counselling can be a useful means of both enabling elderly people to realize that their sexual needs are not unusual , and putting them into contact with others who may have similar or even [matching] needs .

If white holes exist they would seem to provide , in conjunction with their corresponding black holes , a rather neat way for the Universe constantly to replenish itself .
if white holes exist they would seem to provide , in conjunction with their [matching] black holes , a rather neat way for the universe constantly to replenish itself .

For every strength discovered in a test there is a corresponding weakness .
for every strength discovered in a test there is a [matching] weakness .

Last Season : No corresponding fixture .
last season : no [matching] fixture .

Last Season : No corresponding fixture .
last season : no [matching] fixture .

Last Season : No corresponding fixture .
last season : no [matching] fixture .

Last season : No corresponding fixture .
last season : no [matching] fixture .

Corresponding amounts for preceding years should be restated where applicable .
[matching] amounts for preceding years should be restated where applicable .

As yet , however , there has not been a corresponding overhaul and harmonisation of the member countries ’ legal systems .
as yet , however , there has not been a [matching] overhaul and harmonisation of the member countries ’ legal systems .

The corresponding provision in the Sixth Council Directive 77/388 of 17 May 1977 , article 4 ( 4 ) refers to legally independent persons who are ‘ closely bound to one another by financial , economic and organisational links ’ .
the [matching] provision in the sixth council directive 77/388 of 17 may 1977 , article 4 ( 4 ) refers to legally independent persons who are ‘ closely bound to one another by financial , economic and organisational links ’ .

Lautro has published corresponding new disclosure rules .
lautro has published [matching] new disclosure rules .

Each Chakra appears to have a corresponding nerve plexus ( bundles of nerve tissue which control respective areas of the body and the internal organs they contain ) .
each chakra appears to have a [matching] nerve plexus ( bundles of nerve tissue which control respective areas of the body and the internal organs they contain ) .

Photographic evidence confirming the existence of acupuncture meridians corresponding to the ancient , traditional model has recently been obtained by a research team at the Necker Hospital , Paris , France .
photographic evidence confirming the existence of acupuncture meridians [matching] to the ancient , traditional model has recently been obtained by a research team at the necker hospital , paris , france .

Any change in consciousness is accompanied by a corresponding change in the biophysical system .
any change in consciousness is accompanied by a [matching] change in the biophysical system .

This arrangement proved unsatisfactory because there was no corresponding transfer of executive power .
this arrangement proved unsatisfactory because there was no [matching] transfer of executive power .

When cattle with brand marks not corresponding with the name of the seller were rejected , the owner went with a friend to a headman , and stated that he wanted to sell the animals to his friend .
when cattle with brand marks not [matching] with the name of the seller were rejected , the owner went with a friend to a headman , and stated that he wanted to sell the animals to his friend .

Since ch ' i occupies the place in Chinese cosmology corresponding to matter in ours , Westerners took a long time to grasp how very different it is from what we understand by matter .
since ch ' i occupies the place in chinese cosmology [matching] to matter in ours , westerners took a long time to grasp how very different it is from what we understand by matter .

On 22 October , corresponding alterations were made for trams and other traffic proceeding towards the Embankment .
on 22 october , [matching] alterations were made for trams and other traffic proceeding towards the embankment .

The biggest difference from the corresponding Corporation cars lay in the bogies , which were of Brush 's own design and were reversed with the driving wheels nearest the centre of the car .
the biggest difference from the [matching] corporation cars lay in the bogies , which were of brush 's own design and were reversed with the driving wheels nearest the centre of the car .

Which is where Wales would love to be now — though , not withstanding the obvious improvement , there is a long way to go before the benefit of a more productive line-out provided by Anthony Copsey and Gareth Llewellyn and more solid scrummage based on Mike Griffiths , Garin Jenkins and Laurance Delaney is complemented by corresponding forward mobility and the consequent winning of clean , quick loose ball .
which is where wales would love to be now — though , not withstanding the obvious improvement , there is a long way to go before the benefit of a more productive line-out provided by anthony copsey and gareth llewellyn and more solid scrummage based on mike griffiths , garin jenkins and laurance delaney is complemented by [matching] forward mobility and the consequent winning of clean , quick loose ball .

Where a departure continues in subsequent financial statements , the disclosures should be made in all such subsequent statements , and should include corresponding amounts for the previous year .
where a departure continues in subsequent financial statements , the disclosures should be made in all such subsequent statements , and should include [matching] amounts for the previous year .

Where a departure affects only the corresponding amounts , the disclosures required by this abstract should be given for those corresponding amounts .
where a departure affects only the [matching] amounts , the disclosures required by this abstract should be given for those [matching] amounts .

This over-recording can also be measured and offset by running the edit-point on the record-machine forward by the corresponding number of frames .
this over-recording can also be measured and offset by running the edit-point on the record-machine forward by the [matching] number of frames .

The easiest format for the script is one in which the shot details are written down on one side of the page , while the corresponding words of commentary are written opposite them on the other side .
the easiest format for the script is one in which the shot details are written down on one side of the page , while the [matching] words of commentary are written opposite them on the other side .

Note the corresponding reading on the level meter : this represents the threshold maximum within which you can work — from this point downwards you can control all your sound levels manually on the mixer , and background levels will not drift upwards during pauses .
note the [matching] reading on the level meter : this represents the threshold maximum within which you can work — from this point downwards you can control all your sound levels manually on the mixer , and background levels will not drift upwards during pauses .

The corresponding price is £175 in its most luxurious band of hotels .
the [matching] price is £175 in its most luxurious band of hotels .

Normal accounting principles require the company to make provision for the onerous lease , because it is effectively a liability that may have no corresponding economic benefit in the future .
normal accounting principles require the company to make provision for the onerous lease , because it is effectively a liability that may have no [matching] economic benefit in the future .

In the Dodds case the House of Lords stated that if the month in which the period expires has no corresponding date because it is too short , the period given by the notice ends on the last day of that month , ie 28 February or 29 February in a leap year .
in the dodds case the house of lords stated that if the month in which the period expires has no [matching] date because it is too short , the period given by the notice ends on the last day of that month , ie 28 february or 29 february in a leap year .

Even though the pound is out of the Euopean Exchange Rate Mechanism , a cut at present would be too risky , without a corresponding fall in Germany .
even though the pound is out of the euopean exchange rate mechanism , a cut at present would be too risky , without a [matching] fall in germany .

Boss Esmond Bulmer says that cider sales ‘ continue to show great resistance to the slump ’ and this has bumped half-year pre-tax profits to £10.7m , a jump of 18 % on the corresponding period .
boss esmond bulmer says that cider sales ‘ continue to show great resistance to the slump ’ and this has bumped half-year pre-tax profits to £10.7m , a jump of 18 % on the [matching] period .

Unless there is a corresponding process of critical appraisal , there can be no adaptation , no adjustment to change .
unless there is a [matching] process of critical appraisal , there can be no adaptation , no adjustment to change .

And while they charge the teacher with more responsibility than has sometimes been customary in the past , they also bring corresponding rewards in the way of job satisfaction and self-esteem .
and while they charge the teacher with more responsibility than has sometimes been customary in the past , they also bring [matching] rewards in the way of job satisfaction and self-esteem .

If , over the years , the balance of probabilities has shifted so that balances previously included as creditors now seem unlikely ever to be paid , it would be appropriate for the balances in question to be removed from creditors , with the corresponding credit in either profit and loss account or , if the sums are material and the adjustment arises from a fundamental error , the profit and loss reserves in the balance sheet .
if , over the years , the balance of probabilities has shifted so that balances previously included as creditors now seem unlikely ever to be paid , it would be appropriate for the balances in question to be removed from creditors , with the [matching] credit in either profit and loss account or , if the sums are material and the adjustment arises from a fundamental error , the profit and loss reserves in the balance sheet .

The guidance advises the accountant that test checks on a suitable number of controlled trust accounts may make possible a corresponding decrease in the number of checks in respect of other accounts .
the guidance advises the accountant that test checks on a suitable number of controlled trust accounts may make possible a [matching] decrease in the number of checks in respect of other accounts .

To isolate cDNAs corresponding to genes induced by oxidative stress , a cDNA library was prepared from human skin fibroblasts treated with 100μM hydrogen peroxide .
to isolate cdnas [matching] to genes induced by oxidative stress , a cdna library was prepared from human skin fibroblasts treated with 100μm hydrogen peroxide .

The counts were made in one , arbitrary , direction ( corresponding to the long axis of the fragment ) and transitions involving short-wave cones were excluded .
the counts were made in one , arbitrary , direction ( [matching] to the long axis of the fragment ) and transitions involving short-wave cones were excluded .

If we include all records ( from intact patches and from isolated receptors ) the corresponding ratios are 256:289:12 ( 46 % , 52 % , 2 % ) .
if we include all records ( from intact patches and from isolated receptors ) the [matching] ratios are 256:289:12 ( 46 % , 52 % , 2 % ) .

Clay mineral assemblages Two detrital clay assemblages , illite-chlorite-mixed layers ( more seasonal ) and chlorite-illite ( less seasonal ) assemblages , corresponding to three cycles are documented from the northern Malawi sequence .
clay mineral assemblages two detrital clay assemblages , illite-chlorite-mixed layers ( more seasonal ) and chlorite-illite ( less seasonal ) assemblages , [matching] to three cycles are documented from the northern malawi sequence .

The corresponding separation of the objects , , is about 1.4x10 6 km and is almost independent of inclination .
the [matching] separation of the objects , , is about 1.4x10 6 km and is almost independent of inclination .

becomes progressively restricted to two stripes in the hindbrain corresponding to r2 and r4 ( Fig .
becomes progressively restricted to two stripes in the hindbrain [matching] to r2 and r4 ( fig .

The background light curves corresponding to Fig .
the background light curves [matching] to fig .

The background light curves corresponding to Fig .
the background light curves [matching] to fig .

We model Revelstoke as a carbonaceous chondrite ( as in Table 1 ) , moving at 15kms -1 with an initial kinetic energy of 20kton ( corresponding to a cylinder of initial radius r=3.8 m ) and =15° .
we model revelstoke as a carbonaceous chondrite ( as in table 1 ) , moving at 15kms -1 with an initial kinetic energy of 20kton ( [matching] to a cylinder of initial radius r=3.8 m ) and =15° .

The ions appearing at the foot of the most recently reconnected field lines would be more energetic than the corresponding ions on field lines that were opened by a previous pulse of reconnection .
the ions appearing at the foot of the most recently reconnected field lines would be more energetic than the [matching] ions on field lines that were opened by a previous pulse of reconnection .

Between these two regions , a step in the ion energy will be observed , corresponding to the period of little or no reconnection between the pulses .
between these two regions , a step in the ion energy will be observed , [matching] to the period of little or no reconnection between the pulses .

The corresponding distances for this velocity from the galactic rotation curve are 3 and 14kpc .
the [matching] distances for this velocity from the galactic rotation curve are 3 and 14kpc .

On Whitsun eve , 1960 , the Central Theological Commission was set up to prepare the Council ; subject to it were ten sub-commissions presided over by the heads of the corresponding Roman dicasteries .
on whitsun eve , 1960 , the central theological commission was set up to prepare the council ; subject to it were ten sub-commissions presided over by the heads of the [matching] roman dicasteries .

In political terms , the relationship between the family and the state has always included at its core both the right of the family to raise children as it sees fit , and the corresponding right of the state to intervene if the family 's care or control falls short of what the state requires .
in political terms , the relationship between the family and the state has always included at its core both the right of the family to raise children as it sees fit , and the [matching] right of the state to intervene if the family 's care or control falls short of what the state requires .

When projected , the miniature red , blue and green checks shone through the corresponding densities of image forming dark and light tone in the mono transparency , and the eye naturally resolved and mixed the colours to form an image closely resembling nature .
when projected , the miniature red , blue and green checks shone through the [matching] densities of image forming dark and light tone in the mono transparency , and the eye naturally resolved and mixed the colours to form an image closely resembling nature .

The first door to port opened up into a food store , the corresponding door to starboard was locked .
the first door to port opened up into a food store , the [matching] door to starboard was locked .

The 127 items in the show are intended to show the gallery 's extremely wide range of stock , and corresponding price range .
the 127 items in the show are intended to show the gallery 's extremely wide range of stock , and [matching] price range .

In 1901 , almost 60 per cent of the male population of England and Wales aged 65 and over was recorded in the census as occupied ; the corresponding figure for women was 13.4 per cent .
in 1901 , almost 60 per cent of the male population of england and wales aged 65 and over was recorded in the census as occupied ; the [matching] figure for women was 13.4 per cent .

He is consumed by the challenge of the world 's highest peaks , but this has been accompanied by a geographer 's fascination with visiting new places : a curiosity about the metaphysical undercurrents that accompany great risk ; a need to plumb the capabilities of mind and body and a corresponding empathy with mountain peoples who confront such tests in their everyday struggle with life .
he is consumed by the challenge of the world 's highest peaks , but this has been accompanied by a geographer 's fascination with visiting new places : a curiosity about the metaphysical undercurrents that accompany great risk ; a need to plumb the capabilities of mind and body and a [matching] empathy with mountain peoples who confront such tests in their everyday struggle with life .

The two books contain units to match the corresponding Headway coursebooks , and a number of activities are derived from the coursebooks so as to maximize progress when the two are used in conjunction .
the two books contain units to match the [matching] headway coursebooks , and a number of activities are derived from the coursebooks so as to maximize progress when the two are used in conjunction .

Simply place the papers in order of highest and lowest scores , or into groups corresponding to class entry level .
simply place the papers in order of highest and lowest scores , or into groups [matching] to class entry level .

‘ Real ’ Christianity , in Clarkson 's words , depended upon ‘ a total change of heart or of mind so as to produce a corresponding change of Life ’ .
‘ real ’ christianity , in clarkson 's words , depended upon ‘ a total change of heart or of mind so as to produce a [matching] change of life ’ .

This does not mean , however , a corresponding lack of left hemispheric processing ( where speech is apparently localised ) .
this does not mean , however , a [matching] lack of left hemispheric processing ( where speech is apparently localised ) .

With the introduction of Cued Speech , the frequency with which the children used communicative gestures dropped dramatically without a corresponding increase in speech production .
with the introduction of cued speech , the frequency with which the children used communicative gestures dropped dramatically without a [matching] increase in speech production .

But freedom implies a corresponding responsibility in its use .
but freedom implies a [matching] responsibility in its use .

This sort of task is very common in process control situations where the operator often makes a preliminary three-way decision corresponding to the worldwide system of red , amber and green traffic lights .
this sort of task is very common in process control situations where the operator often makes a preliminary three-way decision [matching] to the worldwide system of red , amber and green traffic lights .

For the highest level jobs a whole country or even an international community might be considered , but in European countries most workers attempt to find jobs which do not require either moving house or excessive travelling , and such proximity has corresponding advantages for the potential employers .
for the highest level jobs a whole country or even an international community might be considered , but in european countries most workers attempt to find jobs which do not require either moving house or excessive travelling , and such proximity has [matching] advantages for the potential employers .

This work stresses the fact that there is no simple hierarchy of jobs ( matched by a corresponding hierarchy of educational qualifications ) .
this work stresses the fact that there is no simple hierarchy of jobs ( matched by a [matching] hierarchy of educational qualifications ) .

Furthermore , at a disaggregated level corresponding to where collective bargaining is actually conducted in most countries , unions may be well-organised in spite of an overall low average density ( e.g .
furthermore , at a disaggregated level [matching] to where collective bargaining is actually conducted in most countries , unions may be well-organised in spite of an overall low average density ( e.g .

In Sweden , for instance , economy-wide bargaining arrangements are accompanied by a union density figure approaching 90 per cent , whereas the company or plant-level bargaining in the United States has a corresponding union membership density of less than 30 per cent .
in sweden , for instance , economy-wide bargaining arrangements are accompanied by a union density figure approaching 90 per cent , whereas the company or plant-level bargaining in the united states has a [matching] union membership density of less than 30 per cent .

The corresponding German guns — the 30.5cm and the large 42cm — lacked the mobility of the Austrian pieces , which were those most frequently used during the war of movement in the early months of the conflict .
the [matching] german guns — the 30.5cm and the large 42cm — lacked the mobility of the austrian pieces , which were those most frequently used during the war of movement in the early months of the conflict .

All of the attainment targets can be assessed at various levels , with corresponding programmes of study leading towards them .
all of the attainment targets can be assessed at various levels , with [matching] programmes of study leading towards them .

Such consent shall not be withheld provided that the sub-licensor agrees to supply such technical information to the sub-licensee on conditions corresponding to the confidentiality conditions of this Agreement save that consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of any Party from whom consent is sought in respect of the supply of computer programs in source code form .
such consent shall not be withheld provided that the sub-licensor agrees to supply such technical information to the sub-licensee on conditions [matching] to the confidentiality conditions of this agreement save that consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of any party from whom consent is sought in respect of the supply of computer programs in source code form .

In all groups , female wage rates were a fraction of the corresponding male rates — except in clerical work , where women could expect to receive less than half that of men .
in all groups , female wage rates were a fraction of the [matching] male rates — except in clerical work , where women could expect to receive less than half that of men .

Second , forms of state expenditure corresponding to each of these functions are identified .
second , forms of state expenditure [matching] to each of these functions are identified .

Similarly , when the functions of institutions alter radically we may expect to see corresponding structural changes .
similarly , when the functions of institutions alter radically we may expect to see [matching] structural changes .

In this symbolism every virtue finds its corresponding vice .
in this symbolism every virtue finds its [matching] vice .

Having defined witchcraft and sorcery as intrinsically evil , anthropologists are often embarrassed when they find them employed quite openly and without moral censure : indeed in some societies in New Guinea and west Africa , people positively exult in their prowess in these occult arts and enjoy a corresponding respect .
having defined witchcraft and sorcery as intrinsically evil , anthropologists are often embarrassed when they find them employed quite openly and without moral censure : indeed in some societies in new guinea and west africa , people positively exult in their prowess in these occult arts and enjoy a [matching] respect .

This seems particularly objectionable when pleasures and pains prevented come into account , for one may well think it worse in an action to produce pain than merely to hinder a corresponding amount of pleasure occurring .
this seems particularly objectionable when pleasures and pains prevented come into account , for one may well think it worse in an action to produce pain than merely to hinder a [matching] amount of pleasure occurring .

Thus human beings , animals , plants , and all other genuine units in the world , on whatever scale , struggle each to exist in its own way , this , on the one side , being a matter of a certain physical individual having an inbuilt tendency to operate , so far as is possible , to preserve itself , in its distinctive form , and on the other hand , of the corresponding mind having an inbuilt tendency to preserve its particular form of experience .
thus human beings , animals , plants , and all other genuine units in the world , on whatever scale , struggle each to exist in its own way , this , on the one side , being a matter of a certain physical individual having an inbuilt tendency to operate , so far as is possible , to preserve itself , in its distinctive form , and on the other hand , of the [matching] mind having an inbuilt tendency to preserve its particular form of experience .

Discretionary policy-making at a number of levels in the organization is thus the key to this system , perhaps corresponding in its internal fluidity to some of the features of Burns and Stalker 's organic model of organization .
discretionary policy-making at a number of levels in the organization is thus the key to this system , perhaps [matching] in its internal fluidity to some of the features of burns and stalker 's organic model of organization .

This implies a corresponding commitment by the training institutions to prepare the student to become an agent of change .
this implies a [matching] commitment by the training institutions to prepare the student to become an agent of change .

Lindstedt refers to the possibility of providing reading glasses or magnifying lenses for near work , of a power corresponding to the degree of failing .
lindstedt refers to the possibility of providing reading glasses or magnifying lenses for near work , of a power [matching] to the degree of failing .

The flamboyant ritual celebration of male bellicosity and the male collectivity among the Shavante appears to carry with it a corresponding devaluation of women , and indeed to be built upon it .
the flamboyant ritual celebration of male bellicosity and the male collectivity among the shavante appears to carry with it a [matching] devaluation of women , and indeed to be built upon it .

It is hoped that they do , because it can be shown that theories that include gravity are either finite or nonrenormalizable ; that is , if one has to make any infinite subtractions , then one will have to make an infinite number of them with a corresponding infinite number of undetermined remainders .
it is hoped that they do , because it can be shown that theories that include gravity are either finite or nonrenormalizable ; that is , if one has to make any infinite subtractions , then one will have to make an infinite number of them with a [matching] infinite number of undetermined remainders .

To this end a double-entry system of bookkeeping , where each debit has a corresponding credit entry , will be used , which provides an arithmetic check of the books .
to this end a double-entry system of bookkeeping , where each debit has a [matching] credit entry , will be used , which provides an arithmetic check of the books .

Not a note of music was without its corresponding motion of his eloquent and lively feet .
not a note of music was without its [matching] motion of his eloquent and lively feet .

For suppose this firm believes that the deviant believes that it will be minimaxed , and so will produce the corresponding output .
for suppose this firm believes that the deviant believes that it will be minimaxed , and so will produce the [matching] output .

Then the punishing firm ‘ s best response to this is not to carry out the punishment but to produce its corresponding profit maximizing output .
then the punishing firm ‘ s best response to this is not to carry out the punishment but to produce its [matching] profit maximizing output .

‘ the actual words are clear and unambiguous it is not permissible to have recourse to the corresponding provisions in the earlier statute repealed by the consolidation Act and to treat any difference in their wording as capable of casting doubt upon what is clear and unambiguous language in the consolidation Act itself . ’
‘ the actual words are clear and unambiguous it is not permissible to have recourse to the [matching] provisions in the earlier statute repealed by the consolidation act and to treat any difference in their wording as capable of casting doubt upon what is clear and unambiguous language in the consolidation act itself . ’

They have been hit by sharply rising expenses without corresponding rises in income .
they have been hit by sharply rising expenses without [matching] rises in income .

So we asked ourselves whether this catalogue would still find a corresponding resonance , given the flood of technical literature which is currently circulating in the ceramics market . Should Matroc also add its contribution to this ?
so we asked ourselves whether this catalogue would still find a [matching] resonance , given the flood of technical literature which is currently circulating in the ceramics market . should matroc also add its contribution to this ?

However , each social group in Bradford uses the zero variant more than the corresponding group in Norwich .
however , each social group in bradford uses the zero variant more than the [matching] group in norwich .

Generally , these difficulties were associated with the related assumptions of a single non-standard to standard sociolinguistic continuum and a corresponding unidimensional phonetic continuum ( see 6.3.1 ) .
generally , these difficulties were associated with the related assumptions of a single non-standard to standard sociolinguistic continuum and a [matching] unidimensional phonetic continuum ( see 6.3.1 ) .

Halsey and his associates show that while about 50 per cent of the pupils in private primary schools were from the professional class in the age cohorts 50–59 and 30–39 years , the corresponding proportion for the youngest age cohort , 20–29 years , was almost 70 per cent .
halsey and his associates show that while about 50 per cent of the pupils in private primary schools were from the professional class in the age cohorts 50–59 and 30–39 years , the [matching] proportion for the youngest age cohort , 20–29 years , was almost 70 per cent .

The social class bias in university entrance is not matched by a corresponding bias in university performance .
the social class bias in university entrance is not matched by a [matching] bias in university performance .

1.50 persons per room , while the corresponding proportion for the unskilled was 7 per cent .
1.50 persons per room , while the [matching] proportion for the unskilled was 7 per cent .

Daniel 's work in 1974 showed that though 50 per cent of managers and professionals were given at least three months ' notice by their employers , the corresponding proportion for the unskilled was a mere 9 per cent .
daniel 's work in 1974 showed that though 50 per cent of managers and professionals were given at least three months ' notice by their employers , the [matching] proportion for the unskilled was a mere 9 per cent .

The majority of applicants qualify for sickness and disability benefit and it is to be expected that the proportion of manual workers receiving such benefits is higher than their corresponding proportion in the general population .
the majority of applicants qualify for sickness and disability benefit and it is to be expected that the proportion of manual workers receiving such benefits is higher than their [matching] proportion in the general population .

Using 1920 as the base year for education and 1958 as the corresponding year for economic development , he found that ‘ sustained growth generally starts when primary enrolment is in the neighbourhood of 30 % to 50 % of the school-aged population .
using 1920 as the base year for education and 1958 as the [matching] year for economic development , he found that ‘ sustained growth generally starts when primary enrolment is in the neighbourhood of 30 % to 50 % of the school-aged population .

However much the supply of labor [ he writes ] may gain in numbers or in quality from improved health and reduced death rates , there may be no corresponding gain in output .
however much the supply of labor [ he writes ] may gain in numbers or in quality from improved health and reduced death rates , there may be no [matching] gain in output .

There must be a limit beyond which expenditure on the social and public services is detrimental to economic growth ; there is , however , a corresponding point below which social service expenditure is equally damaging to economic development .
there must be a limit beyond which expenditure on the social and public services is detrimental to economic growth ; there is , however , a [matching] point below which social service expenditure is equally damaging to economic development .

It may also be equally true that disincentive effects operate for the very low and the low income-earners where any increase in earnings is counter-balanced — sometimes more than counter-balanced — by a corresponding loss of benefits .
it may also be equally true that disincentive effects operate for the very low and the low income-earners where any increase in earnings is counter-balanced — sometimes more than counter-balanced — by a [matching] loss of benefits .

What we may see as the first classical statue of a draped woman , corresponding to the naked male of the Kritian boy , is likewise from the Acropolis and could likewise have been set there just before or just after the interruptions of 480/79 .
what we may see as the first classical statue of a draped woman , [matching] to the naked male of the kritian boy , is likewise from the acropolis and could likewise have been set there just before or just after the interruptions of 480/79 .

There is a corresponding and no less seminal change in painting : the abandonment of the single ground line on which all figures rest ; a change which makes painting no longer simply the decoration of a flat surface but at the same time a feigned window on the three-dimensional world .
there is a [matching] and no less seminal change in painting : the abandonment of the single ground line on which all figures rest ; a change which makes painting no longer simply the decoration of a flat surface but at the same time a feigned window on the three-dimensional world .

127 and the corresponding trio , sometimes to the distortion of the individual figure : try thinking apart the Centaur and woman at the right of fig .
127 and the [matching] trio , sometimes to the distortion of the individual figure : try thinking apart the centaur and woman at the right of fig .

From the analysis of what can be defined , within this tendency , as the social forms of art , there has been some development of the analysis of their corresponding social formations .
from the analysis of what can be defined , within this tendency , as the social forms of art , there has been some development of the analysis of their [matching] social formations .

And while we should never pretend that the distinctions are adequate , in their usually rather complacent conventional forms , it would be quite wrong to disregard the actual or attempted social relations , of an alternative kind , which the attempts at differentiation , and the initiatives and marginal institutions corresponding to them , undoubtedly represent .
and while we should never pretend that the distinctions are adequate , in their usually rather complacent conventional forms , it would be quite wrong to disregard the actual or attempted social relations , of an alternative kind , which the attempts at differentiation , and the initiatives and marginal institutions [matching] to them , undoubtedly represent .

Meanwhile , alongside the later phases of the academy , there was an important new phase of internal cultural organization , — corresponding to the emergence of the market professional .
meanwhile , alongside the later phases of the academy , there was an important new phase of internal cultural organization , — [matching] to the emergence of the market professional .

The proliferation of independent specializing groups can be largely explained in terms of two kinds of development , themselves related : first , the increasing organization and specialization of the market , including its emphasis on the division of labour ; second , the growth of a liberal idea of society and its culture , with a corresponding expectation or tolerance of diverse kinds of work .
the proliferation of independent specializing groups can be largely explained in terms of two kinds of development , themselves related : first , the increasing organization and specialization of the market , including its emphasis on the division of labour ; second , the growth of a liberal idea of society and its culture , with a [matching] expectation or tolerance of diverse kinds of work .

By the mid-twentieth century this can be clearly related to the institution of an effective world market in some sectors of art , music and literature , and to the corresponding ( but not always dependent ) sense of larger effective cultures ( ‘ European literature ’ , ‘ Western music ’ , ‘ Twentieth-century art ’ ) .
by the mid-twentieth century this can be clearly related to the institution of an effective world market in some sectors of art , music and literature , and to the [matching] ( but not always dependent ) sense of larger effective cultures ( ‘ european literature ’ , ‘ western music ’ , ‘ twentieth-century art ’ ) .

There is no stabilized figure corresponding to the later producer or director , who does not really appear in theatre until the late nineteenth century .
there is no stabilized figure [matching] to the later producer or director , who does not really appear in theatre until the late nineteenth century .

We might claim , for instance , to have a right to life because we each have an interest in being alive that is of sufficient importance to justify holding others to be under a duty to respect our lives , and the government to be under a corresponding obligation to reinforce that duty by enacting appropriate laws .
we might claim , for instance , to have a right to life because we each have an interest in being alive that is of sufficient importance to justify holding others to be under a duty to respect our lives , and the government to be under a [matching] obligation to reinforce that duty by enacting appropriate laws .

The problem should not arise during direct processing , as every valid key has a corresponding record .
the problem should not arise during direct processing , as every valid key has a [matching] record .

It will not be enough to produce a set of generated addresses corresponding to the number of record storage positions required .
it will not be enough to produce a set of generated addresses [matching] to the number of record storage positions required .

By evaluating the above expression for x and setting … we can obtain the corresponding probabilities that a given address will have : and so on .
by evaluating the above expression for x and setting … we can obtain the [matching] probabilities that a given address will have : and so on .

Unless the records are stored singly there is no corresponding improvement in speed of finding the desired record , because the access comb will reach the track at a point decided by chance , and there will be an average delay of at least half a revolution before the start of the record is reached .
unless the records are stored singly there is no [matching] improvement in speed of finding the desired record , because the access comb will reach the track at a point decided by chance , and there will be an average delay of at least half a revolution before the start of the record is reached .

From the case 3 curve we can decide on the percentage of accesses corresponding to the 10–90 per cent packing points , i.e .
from the case 3 curve we can decide on the percentage of accesses [matching] to the 10–90 per cent packing points , i.e .

However , there is more housekeeping activity in handling an indexed sequential file than the corresponding sequentially organized file .
however , there is more housekeeping activity in handling an indexed sequential file than the [matching] sequentially organized file .

In , the typical overhead of indexes and related files leads to a final size of about two and a half times the size of the corresponding serial file .
in , the typical overhead of indexes and related files leads to a final size of about two and a half times the size of the [matching] serial file .

The ragged old woman brought out some vibrant corresponding note in her loyal young friend .
the ragged old woman brought out some vibrant [matching] note in her loyal young friend .

If a government exercises some ‘ power without right , ’ it seems to be necessarily implied that the people have a corresponding right to resist .
if a government exercises some ‘ power without right , ’ it seems to be necessarily implied that the people have a [matching] right to resist .

To inculcate the population with the belief that their rulers have the right to demand obedience and they the corresponding duty to give it is the principal art of government .
to inculcate the population with the belief that their rulers have the right to demand obedience and they the [matching] duty to give it is the principal art of government .

As a result , the corresponding differences between these societies are not underlined , and this ahistorical representation lends itself to a simplification of both subject and object .
as a result , the [matching] differences between these societies are not underlined , and this ahistorical representation lends itself to a simplification of both subject and object .

‘ are significant improvements in watercourses either because one has managed to get a discharger to cause his discharge to cease or to be brought up to a standard where a very significant polluting input has stopped , and there is a corresponding improvement in the overall river system .
‘ are significant improvements in watercourses either because one has managed to get a discharger to cause his discharge to cease or to be brought up to a standard where a very significant polluting input has stopped , and there is a [matching] improvement in the overall river system .

The difference between the two contextual effects can perhaps be approached initially by considering two corresponding ways in which a word form , in a single context , may be open to more than one interpretation . Cousin and bank in 1 and 2 , respectively , illustrate the difference :
the difference between the two contextual effects can perhaps be approached initially by considering two [matching] ways in which a word form , in a single context , may be open to more than one interpretation . cousin and bank in 1 and 2 , respectively , illustrate the difference :

The meanings ‘ financial institution ’ and ‘ side of river ’ , on the other hand , do represent two distinct senses , so there are two lexical units bank corresponding to these senses .
the meanings ‘ financial institution ’ and ‘ side of river ’ , on the other hand , do represent two distinct senses , so there are two lexical units bank [matching] to these senses .

For certain predicates , applicability to parts entails applicability to wholes corresponding to the parts .
for certain predicates , applicability to parts entails applicability to wholes [matching] to the parts .

Corresponding to taste 1 , smell 1 and feel 1 , French has a single item sentir 1 , which is non-specific with respect to the three perceptual modes ; there is , however , a distinct sentir 2 , which corresponds to smell 2 .
[matching] to taste 1 , smell 1 and feel 1 , french has a single item sentir 1 , which is non-specific with respect to the three perceptual modes ; there is , however , a distinct sentir 2 , which corresponds to smell 2 .

For the ‘ pay attention ’ meaning in the other two sensory modes , French provides distinct lexical items : goûter , corresponding to taste 2 , and toucher , corresponding to feel 2 .
for the ‘ pay attention ’ meaning in the other two sensory modes , french provides distinct lexical items : goûter , [matching] to taste 2 , and toucher , [matching] to feel 2 .

The lexical relation corresponding to the inclusion of one class in another is hyponymy .
the lexical relation [matching] to the inclusion of one class in another is hyponymy .

The lexical items in a taxonomy may be thought of as corresponding to classes of things in the extra-linguistic world .
the lexical items in a taxonomy may be thought of as [matching] to classes of things in the extra-linguistic world .

‘ Home ’ in Victorian fiction , corresponding to the actual shift in population , is mainly in the city or its suburbs , where there are no great houses to set the standard ; and even when characters do live in the country , great houses no longer dominate rural communities in the same way .
‘ home ’ in victorian fiction , [matching] to the actual shift in population , is mainly in the city or its suburbs , where there are no great houses to set the standard ; and even when characters do live in the country , great houses no longer dominate rural communities in the same way .

She does not , like Repton , attribute ‘ the increase of novel or fantastic edifices ’ simply to the increase of new fortunes and a corresponding decay in the old families .
she does not , like repton , attribute ‘ the increase of novel or fantastic edifices ’ simply to the increase of new fortunes and a [matching] decay in the old families .

John Papworth , for example , remarks that their genuine adornments are neatness and cleanliness , for these suggest industry and cheerfulness , whereas ‘ the broken casement , the patched wall , the sunken roof , the hatch unhinged , the withered shrub , are corresponding testimonies of the husbandman 's relaxed energies and broken spirit ’ .
john papworth , for example , remarks that their genuine adornments are neatness and cleanliness , for these suggest industry and cheerfulness , whereas ‘ the broken casement , the patched wall , the sunken roof , the hatch unhinged , the withered shrub , are [matching] testimonies of the husbandman 's relaxed energies and broken spirit ’ .

They showed a thick scattering of settlement , of cottages and small farmhouses dotted about all over the place , and a corresponding splitting up of fields into small crofts and paddocks .
they showed a thick scattering of settlement , of cottages and small farmhouses dotted about all over the place , and a [matching] splitting up of fields into small crofts and paddocks .

Luz had its passeries or local treaties , signed with the corresponding valleys on the Spanish side of the mountains , which guaranteed that they would continue to trade with one another even at times when the nations they were nominally part of might be at war .
luz had its passeries or local treaties , signed with the [matching] valleys on the spanish side of the mountains , which guaranteed that they would continue to trade with one another even at times when the nations they were nominally part of might be at war .

The union supported the idea of a national wage for seafarers , determined by and supervised by a National or London Joint Committee of the parties concerned and corresponding Local Joint Committees but proposed that labour should be supplied by the National Sailors ' and Firemen 's Union .
the union supported the idea of a national wage for seafarers , determined by and supervised by a national or london joint committee of the parties concerned and [matching] local joint committees but proposed that labour should be supplied by the national sailors ' and firemen 's union .

The relevant calculations are stored in the technical sub-files whilst the corresponding wall thickness is kept in the spatial sub-file .
the relevant calculations are stored in the technical sub-files whilst the [matching] wall thickness is kept in the spatial sub-file .

The integrity of the first link is thus preserved , and its resulting rotation produces a corresponding translation of the attachment point to the second link .
the integrity of the first link is thus preserved , and its resulting rotation produces a [matching] translation of the attachment point to the second link .

His chief function is not to teach as a schoolmaster teaches , but to keep abreast of thought and development in his subject — by reading , by research into new aspects , by meeting and corresponding with other specialists , by attending conferences , by travel and often by solving real-life problems affecting people outside the college .
his chief function is not to teach as a schoolmaster teaches , but to keep abreast of thought and development in his subject — by reading , by research into new aspects , by meeting and [matching] with other specialists , by attending conferences , by travel and often by solving real-life problems affecting people outside the college .

Their lifespans show a corresponding difference .
their lifespans show a [matching] difference .

It is balanced at this point , and each space to the right of `` 0 `` has a corresponding space , or partner , to the left of `` 0 `` .
it is balanced at this point , and each space to the right of `` 0 `` has a [matching] space , or partner , to the left of `` 0 `` .

One has to start with a simple physical configuration , solve the corresponding mathematical problem , then solve a similar problem and then another problem , and then a little more difficult problem , and soon .
one has to start with a simple physical configuration , solve the [matching] mathematical problem , then solve a similar problem and then another problem , and then a little more difficult problem , and soon .

The usual convention is to choose the reference point at infinity and choose the corresponding potential ( a ) = 0 , so we get for the potential of a point charge .
the usual convention is to choose the reference point at infinity and choose the [matching] potential ( a ) = 0 , so we get for the potential of a point charge .

If b>a then this internal flux may be neglected giving the often quoted formula for the inductance per unit length of a two-wire transmission line , but remember there is an internal flux as well ( and a corresponding internal inductance ) , which may not always be negligible .
if b>a then this internal flux may be neglected giving the often quoted formula for the inductance per unit length of a two-wire transmission line , but remember there is an internal flux as well ( and a [matching] internal inductance ) , which may not always be negligible .

Assuming that the magnetic field produced by the currents in the disc is negligible in comparison with the magnetic field postulated , the electric field distribution remains the same and the corresponding current density is given by .
assuming that the magnetic field produced by the currents in the disc is negligible in comparison with the magnetic field postulated , the electric field distribution remains the same and the [matching] current density is given by .

The corresponding figures for the previous year include its results for that period .
the [matching] figures for the previous year include its results for that period .

The corresponding amounts at the previous year end include its assets and liabilities at that date and show the shares issued by the group to acquire it as if they had been in issue then .
the [matching] amounts at the previous year end include its assets and liabilities at that date and show the shares issued by the group to acquire it as if they had been in issue then .

The corresponding leasing commitments are shown as amounts payable to the lessor .
the [matching] leasing commitments are shown as amounts payable to the lessor .

The corresponding figures have been adjusted accordingly .
the [matching] figures have been adjusted accordingly .

Corresponding amounts should be shown .
[matching] amounts should be shown .

The corresponding leasing commitments are shown as amounts payable to the lessor .
the [matching] leasing commitments are shown as amounts payable to the lessor .

corresponding amounts
[matching] amounts

The corresponding leasing commitments are shown as amounts payable to the lessor .
the [matching] leasing commitments are shown as amounts payable to the lessor .

Such designs should repeat within the confines of the herb garden , and the plants in the beds should be the same in corresponding sites in other beds .
such designs should repeat within the confines of the herb garden , and the plants in the beds should be the same in [matching] sites in other beds .

Heron was then able to explain his results by supposing that the neural traces corresponding to the tachistoscopically exposed stimuli are processed in the same way .
heron was then able to explain his results by supposing that the neural traces [matching] to the tachistoscopically exposed stimuli are processed in the same way .

She presented three rows of two letters in either the left or right field and asked subjects either for a full report of all six letters or simply to recall a particular pair of letters ( partial report condition ) corresponding to a single column of the display .
she presented three rows of two letters in either the left or right field and asked subjects either for a full report of all six letters or simply to recall a particular pair of letters ( partial report condition ) [matching] to a single column of the display .

Provided that the reference position is suitably chosen , this means that differences in potential between the common reference and each of the corresponding left and right hemisphere sites will be equal unless there is some asymmetry in activity between left and right hemispheres .
provided that the reference position is suitably chosen , this means that differences in potential between the common reference and each of the [matching] left and right hemisphere sites will be equal unless there is some asymmetry in activity between left and right hemispheres .

With stimulation of corresponding regions of cortex in the right hemisphere only one out of 14 right handers showed any effect of stimulation and none showed post-operative aphasia .
with stimulation of [matching] regions of cortex in the right hemisphere only one out of 14 right handers showed any effect of stimulation and none showed post-operative aphasia .

There were characteristic variations in waveform over the left temporal region as a function of different spoken letters , but no parallel changes were recorded over the corresponding region of the right hemisphere .
there were characteristic variations in waveform over the left temporal region as a function of different spoken letters , but no parallel changes were recorded over the [matching] region of the right hemisphere .

You could provide a quick summary yourself , or , if you have time to do it , you could provide a written summary broken into sections corresponding to the points at which you have the breaks .
you could provide a quick summary yourself , or , if you have time to do it , you could provide a written summary broken into sections [matching] to the points at which you have the breaks .

As well as the horror stories of the tsarist penal system and the Stalinist GULag , there are also examples of those exiles who managed to lead a relatively comfortable , if spartan , existence , taking regular exercise , hunting for sport , reading , writing and corresponding fairly freely with fellow exiles , enjoying connubial pleasures and composing theoretical treatises — one thinks particularly of Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov/Lenin who spent three reasonably fruitful and unexacting years , most of the time with his wife , Nadezhda Krupskaya , living as a political exile in the home of a rich peasant in the village of Shushenskoe in southern Siberia ( 1897–1900 ) .
as well as the horror stories of the tsarist penal system and the stalinist gulag , there are also examples of those exiles who managed to lead a relatively comfortable , if spartan , existence , taking regular exercise , hunting for sport , reading , writing and [matching] fairly freely with fellow exiles , enjoying connubial pleasures and composing theoretical treatises — one thinks particularly of vladimir ilyich ulyanov/lenin who spent three reasonably fruitful and unexacting years , most of the time with his wife , nadezhda krupskaya , living as a political exile in the home of a rich peasant in the village of shushenskoe in southern siberia ( 1897–1900 ) .

is imprecise just because the corresponding theories are multifarious and imprecise .
is imprecise just because the [matching] theories are multifarious and imprecise .

From all the perceptual experiences of an observer arising from the sense of sight , a certain set of them ( those corresponding to the perceptual experiences arising from sightings of red objects ) will have something in common .
from all the perceptual experiences of an observer arising from the sense of sight , a certain set of them ( those [matching] to the perceptual experiences arising from sightings of red objects ) will have something in common .

The right pair of gratings give a corresponding after-effect for size ( from Blakemore , reference 13 ) .
the right pair of gratings give a [matching] after-effect for size ( from blakemore , reference 13 ) .

The chimpanzee scanned a tray of objects and went to a keyboard out of view of the tray and pressed a symbol corresponding to one of the objects .
the chimpanzee scanned a tray of objects and went to a keyboard out of view of the tray and pressed a symbol [matching] to one of the objects .

The chimpanzee then returned to the tray of objects , and picked the object corresponding to the symbol .
the chimpanzee then returned to the tray of objects , and picked the object [matching] to the symbol .

If there was still a profound cultural divide between the parties , related to the social collectivities which furnished their support , there was little corresponding clash of definite ‘ class projects ’ for social development .
if there was still a profound cultural divide between the parties , related to the social collectivities which furnished their support , there was little [matching] clash of definite ‘ class projects ’ for social development .

From the re-emergence of the women 's movement in the late 1960s , the development of women 's thinking and activity about these matters has found a corresponding development in the work of women artists , and particularly in the ways in which women represent women 's bodies , whether their own or those of others .
from the re-emergence of the women 's movement in the late 1960s , the development of women 's thinking and activity about these matters has found a [matching] development in the work of women artists , and particularly in the ways in which women represent women 's bodies , whether their own or those of others .

‘ 2 ( 1 ) The powers of the Director under this section shall be exercisable , but only for the purposes of an investigation under section 1 above , or , on a request made by the Attorney-General of the Isle of Man , Jersey or Guernsey , under legislation corresponding to that section and having effect in the Island whose Attorney-General makes the request , in any case in which it appears to him that there is good reason to do so for the purpose of investigating the affairs , or any aspect of the affairs , of any person .
‘ 2 ( 1 ) the powers of the director under this section shall be exercisable , but only for the purposes of an investigation under section 1 above , or , on a request made by the attorney-general of the isle of man , jersey or guernsey , under legislation [matching] to that section and having effect in the island whose attorney-general makes the request , in any case in which it appears to him that there is good reason to do so for the purpose of investigating the affairs , or any aspect of the affairs , of any person .

Beware , however , of a succession of interviews and nothing else which , while corresponding perhaps to a real-life investigation , can became rather repetitive in pattern and thus boring , even in the hands of such a skilled practitioner as Ngaio Marsh who often laid out her books on these lines .
beware , however , of a succession of interviews and nothing else which , while [matching] perhaps to a real-life investigation , can became rather repetitive in pattern and thus boring , even in the hands of such a skilled practitioner as ngaio marsh who often laid out her books on these lines .

‘ In a largely illiterate society this oral epic singing also had the function roughly corresponding to the modern mass media — it spread the political news , much more slowly but perhaps not less reliably than the modern press , radio and television .
‘ in a largely illiterate society this oral epic singing also had the function roughly [matching] to the modern mass media — it spread the political news , much more slowly but perhaps not less reliably than the modern press , radio and television .

Brenner , Subrahmanyam and Uno ( 1989b ; 1990a ) studied daily closing prices on the Nikkei Stock Average and the corresponding future traded on Simex from September 1986 to June 1988 ( 442 observations ) .
brenner , subrahmanyam and uno ( 1989b ; 1990a ) studied daily closing prices on the nikkei stock average and the [matching] future traded on simex from september 1986 to june 1988 ( 442 observations ) .

Lim ( 1992a and 1992b ) analysed the Nikkei Stock Average and the corresponding future traded on Simex .
lim ( 1992a and 1992b ) analysed the nikkei stock average and the [matching] future traded on simex .

It has been assumed that , if an arbitrage opportunity arises , it is immediately possible to trade index futures and the corresponding basket of shares .
it has been assumed that , if an arbitrage opportunity arises , it is immediately possible to trade index futures and the [matching] basket of shares .

Since index futures use cash settlement , riskless arbitrage requires that , if a long ( short ) position has been taken in shares they must be sold ( bought ) at the delivery price of the corresponding index future , which is z in the Warren Cox , Roy Hobbs , Montgomery Brewster and the Scarlet O'Hara examples in Chapter 4 .
since index futures use cash settlement , riskless arbitrage requires that , if a long ( short ) position has been taken in shares they must be sold ( bought ) at the delivery price of the [matching] index future , which is z in the warren cox , roy hobbs , montgomery brewster and the scarlet o'hara examples in chapter 4 .

The basket of shares in the index is seldom identical to the market portfolio and so the basket of shares corresponding to the index may have a beta value ( with respect to the market portfolio ) that differs from unity .
the basket of shares in the index is seldom identical to the market portfolio and so the basket of shares [matching] to the index may have a beta value ( with respect to the market portfolio ) that differs from unity .

‘ ( a ) the purpose or principal purpose of the secondary action was directly to prevent or disrupt the supply during the dispute of goods or services between an employer who is a party to the dispute and the employer under the contract of employment to which the secondary action relates ; and ( b ) the secondary action ( together with any corresponding action relating to other contracts of employment with the same employer ) was likely to achieve that purpose . ’
‘ ( a ) the purpose or principal purpose of the secondary action was directly to prevent or disrupt the supply during the dispute of goods or services between an employer who is a party to the dispute and the employer under the contract of employment to which the secondary action relates ; and ( b ) the secondary action ( together with any [matching] action relating to other contracts of employment with the same employer ) was likely to achieve that purpose . ’

However , in many instances hospital beds are being lost whilst the corresponding level of support outside the hospital is not being provided .
however , in many instances hospital beds are being lost whilst the [matching] level of support outside the hospital is not being provided .

It recommended , in brief , that council members confine themselves to debating broad issues of social policy , leaving the professionals responsible for the detailed execution ; that there should be fewer committees and a management board of about seven council members supported by a corresponding group of chief officers to make most policy decisions on a corporate basis .
it recommended , in brief , that council members confine themselves to debating broad issues of social policy , leaving the professionals responsible for the detailed execution ; that there should be fewer committees and a management board of about seven council members supported by a [matching] group of chief officers to make most policy decisions on a corporate basis .

As soon as her muscles had slackened , she could feel a corresponding movement in him , and his voice was almost normal when he asked her what she would like to eat .
as soon as her muscles had slackened , she could feel a [matching] movement in him , and his voice was almost normal when he asked her what she would like to eat .

The numbers of deaths were compared with those expected from national rates for men of corresponding age and year of birth .
the numbers of deaths were compared with those expected from national rates for men of [matching] age and year of birth .

The corresponding proportion among mothers < 35 rose more sharply from 51/623 ( 8 % ) to 78/594 ( 13 % ) to 103/600 ( 17 % ) .
the [matching] proportion among mothers < 35 rose more sharply from 51/623 ( 8 % ) to 78/594 ( 13 % ) to 103/600 ( 17 % ) .

For mothers > =35 ; the corresponding proportions were 5/270 ( 2 % ) , 26/296 ( 9 % ) , and 51/320 ( 16 % ) ( 1 % , 5 % , and 10 % of all diagnoses in older women ) .
for mothers > =35 ; the [matching] proportions were 5/270 ( 2 % ) , 26/296 ( 9 % ) , and 51/320 ( 16 % ) ( 1 % , 5 % , and 10 % of all diagnoses in older women ) .

The aim was to monitor only those outpatient referrals which incurred a charge against fundholders ' budgets and the corresponding referrals in the control practices .
the aim was to monitor only those outpatient referrals which incurred a charge against fundholders ' budgets and the [matching] referrals in the control practices .

She felt Schmidt 's corresponding move , his hand dropping on to her forearm .
she felt schmidt 's [matching] move , his hand dropping on to her forearm .

There has also been a corresponding shift in the role advocated for statutory social care agencies , from the direct provision of services for elderly and disabled people themselves , to supporting instead those relatives , friends and neighbours who are increasingly responsible for providing most of their care :
there has also been a [matching] shift in the role advocated for statutory social care agencies , from the direct provision of services for elderly and disabled people themselves , to supporting instead those relatives , friends and neighbours who are increasingly responsible for providing most of their care :

What is less certain is whether they have been , or will be , offset by corresponding gains .
what is less certain is whether they have been , or will be , offset by [matching] gains .

Expected numbers for each sector were calculated by multiplying the five year age specific population of each sector in different calendar periods ( see below ) by the corresponding Scottish incidence rates for these diseases .
expected numbers for each sector were calculated by multiplying the five year age specific population of each sector in different calendar periods ( see below ) by the [matching] scottish incidence rates for these diseases .

An alternative hypothesis is that clinical studies have evolved towards a larger format over the past decade , with a corresponding increase in the number of contributors .
an alternative hypothesis is that clinical studies have evolved towards a larger format over the past decade , with a [matching] increase in the number of contributors .

On the north shore 's corresponding corner lies Brunnen , situated on the alluvial valley-mouth of the Muota stream which here enters the lake .
on the north shore 's [matching] corner lies brunnen , situated on the alluvial valley-mouth of the muota stream which here enters the lake .

The parents of three case children did not wish to be interviewed , and interviews with the corresponding controls of these children were not arranged .
the parents of three case children did not wish to be interviewed , and interviews with the [matching] controls of these children were not arranged .

Details about dates of employment and health physics records were obtained for all parents confirmed as having been employed at a nuclear establishment before their child 's cancer was diagnosed ( or for controls , before the date of diagnosis of the corresponding case ) .
details about dates of employment and health physics records were obtained for all parents confirmed as having been employed at a nuclear establishment before their child 's cancer was diagnosed ( or for controls , before the date of diagnosis of the [matching] case ) .

He served the Association with corresponding commitment , and it was therefore a personal tragedy and a severe blow when Leslie Edwards , still in his prime died suddenly in October 1951 .
he served the association with [matching] commitment , and it was therefore a personal tragedy and a severe blow when leslie edwards , still in his prime died suddenly in october 1951 .

Already the various structural elements in Nizan 's psychology are becoming apparent : a brooding sense of death nurtured in his formative months and years as an infant and as a child ; a childhood admiration for the values and life-style of his father , a man exuding certainty , conviction and power , a man involved in the practical problems of everyday existence ; a corresponding indifference for the seemingly hollow existence of his mother preoccupied with family duties , social functions and religious rites ; an implicit recognition that the path to be followed was to be located somewhere in the dynamic working-class origins of his father rather than in the passive middle-class origins of his mother ; a sense of loneliness as a child compensated by a deeply experienced relationship with his father , an idol , the source of knowledge and truth .
already the various structural elements in nizan 's psychology are becoming apparent : a brooding sense of death nurtured in his formative months and years as an infant and as a child ; a childhood admiration for the values and life-style of his father , a man exuding certainty , conviction and power , a man involved in the practical problems of everyday existence ; a [matching] indifference for the seemingly hollow existence of his mother preoccupied with family duties , social functions and religious rites ; an implicit recognition that the path to be followed was to be located somewhere in the dynamic working-class origins of his father rather than in the passive middle-class origins of his mother ; a sense of loneliness as a child compensated by a deeply experienced relationship with his father , an idol , the source of knowledge and truth .

This first phase ( 1934–9 ) is to be contrasted with a subsequent postwar phase ( 1945–56 ) , corresponding almost exactly with the lifespan of the French Fourth Republic and characterised in contrast by the bitter and polarized struggle of the Cold War period , a moment of relentless anti-communism in the Western world , a moment of uncompromising Zhdanovism in the Soviet sphere , when the cultural production of the French communist party was envisaged exclusively as a legitimate and necessary line of defence against an increasingly hostile capitalist onslaught .
this first phase ( 1934–9 ) is to be contrasted with a subsequent postwar phase ( 1945–56 ) , [matching] almost exactly with the lifespan of the french fourth republic and characterised in contrast by the bitter and polarized struggle of the cold war period , a moment of relentless anti-communism in the western world , a moment of uncompromising zhdanovism in the soviet sphere , when the cultural production of the french communist party was envisaged exclusively as a legitimate and necessary line of defence against an increasingly hostile capitalist onslaught .

Although its moment of production was restricted to the years 1931–3 , the time sequence in the novel itself covers the historical period 1864–1929 , corresponding with the life-span of Antoine Bloye , the central character .
although its moment of production was restricted to the years 1931–3 , the time sequence in the novel itself covers the historical period 1864–1929 , [matching] with the life-span of antoine bloye , the central character .

Each lantern lens had the corresponding red , blue or green filter before it , and the result was a very satisfactory reproduction of the multicoloured tartan ribbon .
each lantern lens had the [matching] red , blue or green filter before it , and the result was a very satisfactory reproduction of the multicoloured tartan ribbon .

When projected , the minute red , blue and green checks shone through the corresponding densities of image forming dark and light tone in the mono transparency , and the eye naturally resolved and mixed the colours to form an image closely resembling nature .
when projected , the minute red , blue and green checks shone through the [matching] densities of image forming dark and light tone in the mono transparency , and the eye naturally resolved and mixed the colours to form an image closely resembling nature .

Since then an association has been found between the carriage of resistant strains and failure to respond to treatment with the corresponding antibiotic .
since then an association has been found between the carriage of resistant strains and failure to respond to treatment with the [matching] antibiotic .

For if it were infinite , it would be logically impossible to complete the analysis of any existential proposition along the lines suggested , and hence there would be no valid grounds for claiming the equivalence between such propositions and the corresponding disjunctions ( or conjunctions ) .
for if it were infinite , it would be logically impossible to complete the analysis of any existential proposition along the lines suggested , and hence there would be no valid grounds for claiming the equivalence between such propositions and the [matching] disjunctions ( or conjunctions ) .

If living creatures , or men , do not exist , then `` Some living creatures are men `` is false , and if so , then any corresponding inference will be invalid .
if living creatures , or men , do not exist , then `` some living creatures are men `` is false , and if so , then any [matching] inference will be invalid .

To take the example given earlier , it is necessary to show that the statement about the toothache can indeed be paraphrased into a statement about the corresponding neuro-physiological event ( and hence that the occurrence of the latter event is a logically adequate criterion for ascribing the experience in the given instance ) , and this can not be done without making use of the premisses which such a proof might be expected to underpin .
to take the example given earlier , it is necessary to show that the statement about the toothache can indeed be paraphrased into a statement about the [matching] neuro-physiological event ( and hence that the occurrence of the latter event is a logically adequate criterion for ascribing the experience in the given instance ) , and this can not be done without making use of the premisses which such a proof might be expected to underpin .

As already noted , introns tend to reside in regions corresponding to highly conserved protein segments ( e.g .
as already noted , introns tend to reside in regions [matching] to highly conserved protein segments ( e.g .

These are , however , even inserted at positions identical to those of corresponding fungal and liverwort intervening sequences .
these are , however , even inserted at positions identical to those of [matching] fungal and liverwort intervening sequences .

The phylogeny based on mitochondrial LSUrRNA introns inserted at an identical position as Pw ri1 coincides strikingly with trees based on nuclear sequences and with phylogenies using morphological data of the corresponding taxa .
the phylogeny based on mitochondrial lsurrna introns inserted at an identical position as pw ri1 coincides strikingly with trees based on nuclear sequences and with phylogenies using morphological data of the [matching] taxa .

2 ) and the corresponding stretches of the sequences from other species were used .
2 ) and the [matching] stretches of the sequences from other species were used .

Though it is not known how the two friends met , they were corresponding with each other by 1945 , Vaughan sharing with Minton , in the immediate aftermath of war , his mood of cynical disaffection .
though it is not known how the two friends met , they were [matching] with each other by 1945 , vaughan sharing with minton , in the immediate aftermath of war , his mood of cynical disaffection .

The desire to reduce densities in the conurbation had been part of the background to planning since the 1930s and was reemphasized in Northumberland 's current development plans for the North Tyneside area ( corresponding broadly with what is called Northern Tyne side in this book ) .
the desire to reduce densities in the conurbation had been part of the background to planning since the 1930s and was reemphasized in northumberland 's current development plans for the north tyneside area ( [matching] broadly with what is called northern tyne side in this book ) .

In all humanities disciplines the use of computers seems to have passed through three stages , each corresponding roughly to a decade .
in all humanities disciplines the use of computers seems to have passed through three stages , each [matching] roughly to a decade .

For example , one-quarter of women aged 16–34 getting married in the period 1979–82 lived with their husbands before marriage , while the corresponding proportion for those married between 1970 and 1974 was only 8 per cent .
for example , one-quarter of women aged 16–34 getting married in the period 1979–82 lived with their husbands before marriage , while the [matching] proportion for those married between 1970 and 1974 was only 8 per cent .

For a couple marrying in 1860 , the wife was 40 before she had had her last child , while in 1930 , the corresponding stage would have been reached before the wife was 30 .
for a couple marrying in 1860 , the wife was 40 before she had had her last child , while in 1930 , the [matching] stage would have been reached before the wife was 30 .

For example , 83 per cent of men aged between 65 and 70 live with their spouses , while the corresponding proportion for women is only 55 per cent .
for example , 83 per cent of men aged between 65 and 70 live with their spouses , while the [matching] proportion for women is only 55 per cent .

Prior to the 1966 Act there had been a duty imposed on the National Assistance Board to give assistance to those in need by the payment of national assistance , but no corresponding right for individuals to receive assistance .
prior to the 1966 act there had been a duty imposed on the national assistance board to give assistance to those in need by the payment of national assistance , but no [matching] right for individuals to receive assistance .

The classification and relationship of functions within the discourse can again be represented diagrammatically , and students encouraged to think of discourse in spatial terms , as in the extract from Laird , where paragraph structure is analysed in functional boxes , each box corresponding to a grammatical unit or series of grammatical units .
the classification and relationship of functions within the discourse can again be represented diagrammatically , and students encouraged to think of discourse in spatial terms , as in the extract from laird , where paragraph structure is analysed in functional boxes , each box [matching] to a grammatical unit or series of grammatical units .

Corresponding to these divisions between idea and execution , and advertisement and long-running campaign , there are , in fact , two rather different types of creative skill involved .
[matching] to these divisions between idea and execution , and advertisement and long-running campaign , there are , in fact , two rather different types of creative skill involved .

This is the corresponding algorithm which finds a path to a goal .
this is the [matching] algorithm which finds a path to a goal .

You can always replace it by an extra ’ input ’ s0 whose value is always 1 , and a corresponding ’ weight ’ w0 whose value is -t .
you can always replace it by an extra ’ input ’ s0 whose value is always 1 , and a [matching] ’ weight ’ w0 whose value is -t .

Instead , diff for each node in the top layer is the output from the corresponding node in the top layer of the feedback net .
instead , diff for each node in the top layer is the output from the [matching] node in the top layer of the feedback net .

the name of the class corresponding to this greatest ratio ;
the name of the class [matching] to this greatest ratio ;

Each natural gene may come with accompanying genetic material which exists solely to block the corresponding gene from the other parent ; and furthermore , there may be even more genetic material which sometimes inhibits the blocking mechanism !
each natural gene may come with accompanying genetic material which exists solely to block the [matching] gene from the other parent ; and furthermore , there may be even more genetic material which sometimes inhibits the blocking mechanism !

There must then and there be in existence a legal person having a legal right and another legal person having at that very time a corresponding legal duty .
there must then and there be in existence a legal person having a legal right and another legal person having at that very time a [matching] legal duty .

The corresponding language of the guarantee and debenture dated 6 June 1985 is somewhat different .
the [matching] language of the guarantee and debenture dated 6 june 1985 is somewhat different .

Section 340 makes corresponding provision for an application to the court , and for the court making an order , where an individual has given a preference ‘ to any person .
section 340 makes [matching] provision for an application to the court , and for the court making an order , where an individual has given a preference ‘ to any person .

‘ ( 1 ) Order 11 of the Rules of the Supreme Court , and the corresponding County Court Rules , do not apply in insolvency proceedings .
‘ ( 1 ) order 11 of the rules of the supreme court , and the [matching] county court rules , do not apply in insolvency proceedings .

Section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the Bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the Bank under this Act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .
section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the united kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions [matching] to those of — ( i ) the bank under this act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .

As for companies from other member states , which by virtue of the first paragraph of article 58 are equated to natural persons for the purposes of the application of the provisions on the right of establishment , the Act of 1988 deprives them of the right to establish themselves in the United Kingdom through the intermediary of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , since it provides that only companies set up under the laws of the United Kingdom may be owners and operators of fishing vessels , and restricts their right of participation in the capital of companies or firms , as the corresponding right of natural persons is restricted by the Act .
as for companies from other member states , which by virtue of the first paragraph of article 58 are equated to natural persons for the purposes of the application of the provisions on the right of establishment , the act of 1988 deprives them of the right to establish themselves in the united kingdom through the intermediary of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , since it provides that only companies set up under the laws of the united kingdom may be owners and operators of fishing vessels , and restricts their right of participation in the capital of companies or firms , as the [matching] right of natural persons is restricted by the act .

In paragraph 19 of the order Mrs. Tully was ordered to make an affidavit corresponding to that required from Mr Tully .
in paragraph 19 of the order mrs. tully was ordered to make an affidavit [matching] to that required from mr tully .

( 2 ) Anything done … or having effect as done , under a provision reproduced in the consolidating Acts has effect as if done under the corresponding provision of the consolidating Acts .
( 2 ) anything done … or having effect as done , under a provision reproduced in the consolidating acts has effect as if done under the [matching] provision of the consolidating acts .

An order made by a court in any part of the United Kingdom in bankruptcy proceedings can be enforced in any other part of the United Kingdom as if made by the corresponding court in that other part except in so far as the order relates to property situated there ( unless the Secretary of State and the Lord Chancellor make provision for this ) ( s 426(1)-(3) ) .
an order made by a court in any part of the united kingdom in bankruptcy proceedings can be enforced in any other part of the united kingdom as if made by the [matching] court in that other part except in so far as the order relates to property situated there ( unless the secretary of state and the lord chancellor make provision for this ) ( s 426(1)-(3) ) .

The courts having bankruptcy jurisdiction in any part of the United Kingdom must assist the courts having corresponding jurisdiction in any other part of the United Kingdom or any other relevant territory ( defined as the Channel Islands , Isle of Man and any other country designated for this purpose by the Secretary of State ) ( s 426 ( 10 ) and ( 11 ) ) .
the courts having bankruptcy jurisdiction in any part of the united kingdom must assist the courts having [matching] jurisdiction in any other part of the united kingdom or any other relevant territory ( defined as the channel islands , isle of man and any other country designated for this purpose by the secretary of state ) ( s 426 ( 10 ) and ( 11 ) ) .

There were similar demands for reform from the people - , and there were corresponding conservatism .
there were similar demands for reform from the people - , and there were [matching] conservatism .

It should be emphasised that occasional drug use may be simply a `` normal `` pattern of behaviour corresponding to `` normal `` drunkenness and not necessarily he a sign of delinquency , depravity or addictive disease .
it should be emphasised that occasional drug use may be simply a `` normal `` pattern of behaviour [matching] to `` normal `` drunkenness and not necessarily he a sign of delinquency , depravity or addictive disease .

The experience of the Anonymous Fellowships and of Treatment Centres based upon their principles is that the sufferers from primary addictive disease have a better chance of sustained recovery if the close family members attend corresponding appropriate Family Fellowships .
the experience of the anonymous fellowships and of treatment centres based upon their principles is that the sufferers from primary addictive disease have a better chance of sustained recovery if the close family members attend [matching] appropriate family fellowships .

The second law expresses the fact that in the process , it is the first ( i.e. lowest index ) boolean guard to be true that activates the corresponding Thus only runs if is true and each of … is false .
the second law expresses the fact that in the process , it is the first ( i.e. lowest index ) boolean guard to be true that activates the [matching] thus only runs if is true and each of … is false .

The minimal acceptances are thus essentially sets of channels , and so in constructing them we must identify all guards corresponding to the same channel .
the minimal acceptances are thus essentially sets of channels , and so in constructing them we must identify all guards [matching] to the same channel .

Useful laws for this include and simple derived laws such as Unfortunately the corresponding law of input/output symmetry is never true as it stands .
useful laws for this include and simple derived laws such as unfortunately the [matching] law of input/output symmetry is never true as it stands .

The corresponding provision in the 1959 Act was considered to apply only to vacancies arising in the course of the term of office of a member , and not to vacancies caused by the completion of a term of office ( Brown v. Cameron , 19101 S.i.T .
the [matching] provision in the 1959 act was considered to apply only to vacancies arising in the course of the term of office of a member , and not to vacancies caused by the completion of a term of office ( brown v. cameron , 19101 s.i.t .

For the corresponding provisions regarding renewal of licences , see 55.5 , 24 and 30 .
for the [matching] provisions regarding renewal of licences , see 55.5 , 24 and 30 .

The corresponding provision for licensed premises with regard to structural alterations directed by the licensing board will be found in s.36 .
the [matching] provision for licensed premises with regard to structural alterations directed by the licensing board will be found in s.36 .

No exultant , joyous experience of the Spirit of Christ without a corresponding taste of Christ 's suffering .
no exultant , joyous experience of the spirit of christ without a [matching] taste of christ 's suffering .

He went on to exploit the complete range of types and styles from what is practically a secular ‘ Netherland ’ motet in two partes , corresponding here to the ottava and sestina of the sonnet text , to the completely Italianate lighter forms in the tradition of the simplest type of frottola such as the North Italian villotte and the canzone villanesche alla napolitana of which he published a collection in 1545 .
he went on to exploit the complete range of types and styles from what is practically a secular ‘ netherland ’ motet in two partes , [matching] here to the ottava and sestina of the sonnet text , to the completely italianate lighter forms in the tradition of the simplest type of frottola such as the north italian villotte and the canzone villanesche alla napolitana of which he published a collection in 1545 .

The instances of the over-valuation of the male are endless and penetrate the entire curriculum ; more disturbing is the corresponding under-valuation of the female , and the fact that when women and girls do appear they often have negative images .
the instances of the over-valuation of the male are endless and penetrate the entire curriculum ; more disturbing is the [matching] under-valuation of the female , and the fact that when women and girls do appear they often have negative images .

The price in column 4 is simply 20 per cent on the corresponding average cost from year 2 onwards .
the price in column 4 is simply 20 per cent on the [matching] average cost from year 2 onwards .

He 'd only got pages 1 to 8 , and the corresponding ones at the back .
he 'd only got pages 1 to 8 , and the [matching] ones at the back .

Thread cord up through rings and corresponding screw-eyes and out to the operational side .
thread cord up through rings and [matching] screw-eyes and out to the operational side .

First came surprise , swiftly followed by outrage ; then recognition and a corresponding relief ; finally there was curiosity , leading to confusion .
first came surprise , swiftly followed by outrage ; then recognition and a [matching] relief ; finally there was curiosity , leading to confusion .

The exhibits in the Brussels exhibition seem to have had in common only a concentration on clearly defined simple forms and a corresponding limitation of colour , and very few of them had anything at all in common with the work of Picasso and Braque .
the exhibits in the brussels exhibition seem to have had in common only a concentration on clearly defined simple forms and a [matching] limitation of colour , and very few of them had anything at all in common with the work of picasso and braque .

So among the twenty Corresponding Members of the Society we find William James of Harvard , with Edward Pickering , director of the Harvard Observatory , and five other Americans .
so among the twenty [matching] members of the society we find william james of harvard , with edward pickering , director of the harvard observatory , and five other americans .

There was a corresponding Crown for Inchbad , of course , and the Gnomes had cleverly managed to make these subtly similar .
there was a [matching] crown for inchbad , of course , and the gnomes had cleverly managed to make these subtly similar .

Corresponding to the earlier discussion of that forms of Marxist thought , there are two major Marxist perspectives on the growth of government .
[matching] to the earlier discussion of that forms of marxist thought , there are two major marxist perspectives on the growth of government .

Aleksandrova 's system thus includes Stonehouse 's two southern zones in one region , her two subregions corresponding almost exactly to his continental and maritime zones .
aleksandrova 's system thus includes stonehouse 's two southern zones in one region , her two subregions [matching] almost exactly to his continental and maritime zones .

She ploughed the phone through the scattered papers on her desk top and pressed the digits corresponding to the school where Marek Nowak worked .
she ploughed the phone through the scattered papers on her desk top and pressed the digits [matching] to the school where marek nowak worked .

Too often evidence which merely indicates the existence of a greater Soviet propaganda effort in Latin America is upheld as confirmation of a corresponding degree of success in instigating ’ subversion ’ .
too often evidence which merely indicates the existence of a greater soviet propaganda effort in latin america is upheld as confirmation of a [matching] degree of success in instigating ’ subversion ’ .

In the post-war depression years of 1923–32 there was a 25 per cent loss of union membership and a corresponding decline in industrial violence .
in the post-war depression years of 1923–32 there was a 25 per cent loss of union membership and a [matching] decline in industrial violence .

Using official strike dab from Ontario for the period 1958–1967 , Grant and Wallace ( 1991 ) conclude that strike violence is a function of the following variables : ( i ) the legislative environment , ( ii ) the sociopolitical context , ( iii ) the distribution of skills among the workforce ( and its corresponding degree of participation in the strike ) , and ( iv ) the strategies employed by the strikers and their employers .
using official strike dab from ontario for the period 1958–1967 , grant and wallace ( 1991 ) conclude that strike violence is a function of the following variables : ( i ) the legislative environment , ( ii ) the sociopolitical context , ( iii ) the distribution of skills among the workforce ( and its [matching] degree of participation in the strike ) , and ( iv ) the strategies employed by the strikers and their employers .

This growth and industrial expansion of Belfast , and a corresponding famine in the south , facilitated a dramatic rise in the city 's Catholic population ( from 6 per cent in 1800 to over 30 per cent in 1861 ) .
this growth and industrial expansion of belfast , and a [matching] famine in the south , facilitated a dramatic rise in the city 's catholic population ( from 6 per cent in 1800 to over 30 per cent in 1861 ) .

Tumber 's ( 1982 ) analysis of television news coverage of the British inner-city riots of 1981 reveals many similarities with corresponding American coverage of the 1960s .
tumber 's ( 1982 ) analysis of television news coverage of the british inner-city riots of 1981 reveals many similarities with [matching] american coverage of the 1960s .

There is a marked contrast here between the description of violence by the pickets ( ‘ The attacks on policemen were horrific ’ ) and corresponding police aggression ( they ‘ gave no quarter ’ ; they were ‘ in control at all times ’ ) .
there is a marked contrast here between the description of violence by the pickets ( ‘ the attacks on policemen were horrific ’ ) and [matching] police aggression ( they ‘ gave no quarter ’ ; they were ‘ in control at all times ’ ) .

For her , any unit of discourse can be used as the ‘ frame ’ of a metaphor , the only constraint being that the corresponding metaphoric ‘ focus ’ must be a unit at a level beneath that of the frame .
for her , any unit of discourse can be used as the ‘ frame ’ of a metaphor , the only constraint being that the [matching] metaphoric ‘ focus ’ must be a unit at a level beneath that of the frame .

The figures for the first quarter of 1990 showed an increase of 15 per cent on the corresponding period of 1989 , the largest rise in crime since records began in 1857 .
the figures for the first quarter of 1990 showed an increase of 15 per cent on the [matching] period of 1989 , the largest rise in crime since records began in 1857 .

Hale ( 1989b ) argues that the long-term trend of a decrease in the proportionate use of imprisonment and a corresponding increase in the use of fines has been reversed .
hale ( 1989b ) argues that the long-term trend of a decrease in the proportionate use of imprisonment and a [matching] increase in the use of fines has been reversed .

They argue that every system of production tends to discover and use punishments corresponding to its productive relationships — a classical Marxist approach .
they argue that every system of production tends to discover and use punishments [matching] to its productive relationships — a classical marxist approach .

( The corresponding figures for adult females were 2 per cent and 7 per cent and again 1974 marked the low point in the proportionate use of imprisonment . )
( the [matching] figures for adult females were 2 per cent and 7 per cent and again 1974 marked the low point in the proportionate use of imprisonment . )

In other words between 1974 and 1988 there had been a 25 per cent reduction in the proportionate use of fines and a corresponding 25 per cent increase in the proportionate use of imprisonment .
in other words between 1974 and 1988 there had been a 25 per cent reduction in the proportionate use of fines and a [matching] 25 per cent increase in the proportionate use of imprisonment .

Gramsci ( 1978 ) has pointed out that once a mode of production is established , with corresponding modes of political and cultural discourse , then law is developed to regulate that particular social formation .
gramsci ( 1978 ) has pointed out that once a mode of production is established , with [matching] modes of political and cultural discourse , then law is developed to regulate that particular social formation .

has meant a general weakening of tenancy rights , and a corresponding weakening of landlord responsibilities .
has meant a general weakening of tenancy rights , and a [matching] weakening of landlord responsibilities .

Responsibility for provision may change without corresponding changes in the source of finance .
responsibility for provision may change without [matching] changes in the source of finance .

The six senior classes went at 5 minute intervals ( each followed a minute later by a corresponding domestic class ) , the men 's K2s going first .
the six senior classes went at 5 minute intervals ( each followed a minute later by a [matching] domestic class ) , the men 's k2s going first .

The effect is unlikely to be compensated by a corresponding delay in cash outlays , and of course applies to total sales revenue rather than to simply the net cash flow , the difference between inflows and outflows .
the effect is unlikely to be compensated by a [matching] delay in cash outlays , and of course applies to total sales revenue rather than to simply the net cash flow , the difference between inflows and outflows .

In addition , many executives comment that one of the main reasons for actual project cash flows not corresponding to forecast cash flows is due to the impact of working capital movements .
in addition , many executives comment that one of the main reasons for actual project cash flows not [matching] to forecast cash flows is due to the impact of working capital movements .

By the early 790s , though still only a deacon , he was corresponding on behalf of Charlemagne and the Frankish court with Anglo-Saxon kings , abbots , bishops and archbishops , and was not given to mincing his words .
by the early 790s , though still only a deacon , he was [matching] on behalf of charlemagne and the frankish court with anglo-saxon kings , abbots , bishops and archbishops , and was not given to mincing his words .

Along with this rapprochement went a corresponding attack on the fundamentalist tenets of nonconformist morality .
along with this rapprochement went a [matching] attack on the fundamentalist tenets of nonconformist morality .

This ‘ language deficit ’ was often assumed , explicitly or otherwise , to reflect a corresponding ‘ cognitive deficit ’ : because language and thought are related , a person with a restricted language capacity is also likely to have a restricted thinking capacity .
this ‘ language deficit ’ was often assumed , explicitly or otherwise , to reflect a [matching] ‘ cognitive deficit ’ : because language and thought are related , a person with a restricted language capacity is also likely to have a restricted thinking capacity .

The concept of London and the machine revolved round two problems : journeying to work and the obsession with the notion of through traffic from West London via the centre to the docks . The plan therefore built on the proposals put forward in 1937 by Sir Charles Bressey and Sir Edwin Lutyens for London 's traffic , and proposed to add to the two already partly-built outer ring roads ( the North and South Orbital and the North and South Circular ) with two corresponding inner rings — ‘ the fast traffic ring-road an
the concept of london and the machine revolved round two problems : journeying to work and the obsession with the notion of through traffic from west london via the centre to the docks . the plan therefore built on the proposals put forward in 1937 by sir charles bressey and sir edwin lutyens for london 's traffic , and proposed to add to the two already partly-built outer ring roads ( the north and south orbital and the north and south circular ) with two [matching] inner rings — ‘ the fast traffic ring-road an

He studied geographical variations in the number of species belonging to a genus , showing that in France , for instance , there was an average of 7.2 species per genus , while in Britain the corresponding figure was 2.3 .
he studied geographical variations in the number of species belonging to a genus , showing that in france , for instance , there was an average of 7.2 species per genus , while in britain the [matching] figure was 2.3 .

Arctic plants would have been transported southwards on icebergs , and would have established themselves on the islands corresponding to the modern mountains .
arctic plants would have been transported southwards on icebergs , and would have established themselves on the islands [matching] to the modern mountains .

God 's plan unfolded by distinct stages corresponding to the sudden introduction of entirely new forms , not by a gradual ascent of the organic scale .
god 's plan unfolded by distinct stages [matching] to the sudden introduction of entirely new forms , not by a gradual ascent of the organic scale .

The enjoyment of special privileges , such as the freedom to learn , carries with it corresponding responsibilities .
the enjoyment of special privileges , such as the freedom to learn , carries with it [matching] responsibilities .

However , other subjects may not be immune from corresponding limitations . Courses in the humanities may encourage a personal response from the students , but do they always open up a full range of rival positions ? Courses in the technologies and the professions may encourage action but , again , is it always action based on an awareness of the alternatives , their value positions and their social consequences ?
however , other subjects may not be immune from [matching] limitations . courses in the humanities may encourage a personal response from the students , but do they always open up a full range of rival positions ? courses in the technologies and the professions may encourage action but , again , is it always action based on an awareness of the alternatives , their value positions and their social consequences ?

The potentiometer joystick produces an analogue signal corresponding to the position of the stick and this must be converted into digital form , either by the computer or a suitable interface .
the potentiometer joystick produces an analogue signal [matching] to the position of the stick and this must be converted into digital form , either by the computer or a suitable interface .

The switch joystick gives a direct digital output corresponding to the direction in which it is moved .
the switch joystick gives a direct digital output [matching] to the direction in which it is moved .

At this point a new blank page is generated according to the layout defined on the corresponding master page and the text then flows into that , and so on .
at this point a new blank page is generated according to the layout defined on the [matching] master page and the text then flows into that , and so on .

Introduction of the new machines with a more relaxed attitude toward third party hardware has meant that adding large screens in no longer a problem although the prices are still higher than a corresponding PC-based device .
introduction of the new machines with a more relaxed attitude toward third party hardware has meant that adding large screens in no longer a problem although the prices are still higher than a [matching] pc-based device .

Some three years on from that initial burst of enthusiasm and the corresponding outcry from the professional market much has changed .
some three years on from that initial burst of enthusiasm and the [matching] outcry from the professional market much has changed .

When authority is delegated , there is often a duplication of management effort ( and a corresponding increase in staff numbers ) at lower levels of hierarchy .
when authority is delegated , there is often a duplication of management effort ( and a [matching] increase in staff numbers ) at lower levels of hierarchy .

Not surprisingly , Hammond was appointed to the corresponding post in the New Model Army from the spring of 1645 .
not surprisingly , hammond was appointed to the [matching] post in the new model army from the spring of 1645 .

One method was simply to set fire to a ‘ train ' of gunpowder leading to the charge itself , the length of the train corresponding roughly to the time delay before the charge exploded ; a later method involved a kind of fuse of goose quills filled with gunpowder .
one method was simply to set fire to a ‘ train ' of gunpowder leading to the charge itself , the length of the train [matching] roughly to the time delay before the charge exploded ; a later method involved a kind of fuse of goose quills filled with gunpowder .

In 1792 , however , Lewis was elected surveyor to Christ 's Hospital and in the following year he was appointed to the corresponding post at the Bridewell and Bethlehem Hospitals ; and from then on these institutional responsibilities appear to have formed the principal element in his career .
in 1792 , however , lewis was elected surveyor to christ 's hospital and in the following year he was appointed to the [matching] post at the bridewell and bethlehem hospitals ; and from then on these institutional responsibilities appear to have formed the principal element in his career .

Before leaving , they were both admitted as corresponding members of the American Society held in Philadelphia for Promoting Useful Knowledge .
before leaving , they were both admitted as [matching] members of the american society held in philadelphia for promoting useful knowledge .

Like similar developments in Europe , North America and Australia , these initiatives reflected a wide range of activities and corresponding educational , social and political philosophies , sometimes openly stated , often not .
like similar developments in europe , north america and australia , these initiatives reflected a wide range of activities and [matching] educational , social and political philosophies , sometimes openly stated , often not .

There were no corresponding statutory powers of control in relation to static meetings and assemblies .
there were no [matching] statutory powers of control in relation to static meetings and assemblies .

In this case , speakers or writers start out with a semantic representation of what they want to say or write , and search for the corresponding phonological information ( enabling one to say a word ) or orthographical information ( enabling one to write a word .
in this case , speakers or writers start out with a semantic representation of what they want to say or write , and search for the [matching] phonological information ( enabling one to say a word ) or orthographical information ( enabling one to write a word .

This will involve communication from the relevant semantic entry to the phonological output lexicon , which enables you to produce the appropriate spoken form corresponding to the semantic entry , i.e .
this will involve communication from the relevant semantic entry to the phonological output lexicon , which enables you to produce the appropriate spoken form [matching] to the semantic entry , i.e .

This detector must , of course , be the detector corresponding to the word actually presented .
this detector must , of course , be the detector [matching] to the word actually presented .

For example , Herriot ( 1969 ) found that in passive sentences like The sister was hated by the brother it took longer to name the actor and acted-upon than in corresponding active sentences ( The brother hated the sister ) .
for example , herriot ( 1969 ) found that in passive sentences like the sister was hated by the brother it took longer to name the actor and acted-upon than in [matching] active sentences ( the brother hated the sister ) .

At the fourth level , phonetic rules about English are applied to this positional-level representation in order to create the corresponding phonetic-level representation .
at the fourth level , phonetic rules about english are applied to this positional-level representation in order to create the [matching] phonetic-level representation .

Therefore , the corresponding credit would not go to the supplier but to , say , an orders issued account :
therefore , the [matching] credit would not go to the supplier but to , say , an orders issued account :

Turn to the side , bend the front leg and place the corresponding hand on the knee of this leading leg .
turn to the side , bend the front leg and place the [matching] hand on the knee of this leading leg .

Studies of climatology embraced process investigations in at least three ways , each corresponding to a particular scale .
studies of climatology embraced process investigations in at least three ways , each [matching] to a particular scale .

There were no corresponding accretions on the floor , no moisture dripped from overhead .
there were no [matching] accretions on the floor , no moisture dripped from overhead .

Soviet writers contended that the Gulf initiative had been ‘ positively appraised by the statesmen of the series of countries of the region of the Indian Ocean as corresponding to the vitally important interests of the developing and non-aligned states ’ .
soviet writers contended that the gulf initiative had been ‘ positively appraised by the statesmen of the series of countries of the region of the indian ocean as [matching] to the vitally important interests of the developing and non-aligned states ’ .

He described the changes in the functions of American bases as corresponding to changes in military doctrine and military technology .
he described the changes in the functions of american bases as [matching] to changes in military doctrine and military technology .

At first sight this arrangement might possibly appear needlessly elaborate , but it would be difficult to obtain in any other way a full body of tone corresponding to that provided by the sustaining pedal of the piano .
at first sight this arrangement might possibly appear needlessly elaborate , but it would be difficult to obtain in any other way a full body of tone [matching] to that provided by the sustaining pedal of the piano .

Trumpet players in dance bands possess many different sorts of mutes with a corresponding number of resultant timbres .
trumpet players in dance bands possess many different sorts of mutes with a [matching] number of resultant timbres .

In front of the active section there should be a wavecut platform corresponding in width to the amount of recession of the active cliff .
in front of the active section there should be a wavecut platform [matching] in width to the amount of recession of the active cliff .

The breadth of some of these banks is so great that they can not be attributed to marine erosion at low sea levels corresponding with glacial periods : the Nazareth bank near the Maldive Islands is about 350 km ( 220 miles ) long and reaches a maximum breadth of about 100 km ( 60 miles ) and lies almost uniformly at a depth of about 60 m ( 200 ft ) .
the breadth of some of these banks is so great that they can not be attributed to marine erosion at low sea levels [matching] with glacial periods : the nazareth bank near the maldive islands is about 350 km ( 220 miles ) long and reaches a maximum breadth of about 100 km ( 60 miles ) and lies almost uniformly at a depth of about 60 m ( 200 ft ) .

The higher interglacial sea levels should , if there had been no subsidence , have produced a series of raised reef terraces corresponding in elevation with the Pleistocene raised beaches and river terraces in other parts of the world .
the higher interglacial sea levels should , if there had been no subsidence , have produced a series of raised reef terraces [matching] in elevation with the pleistocene raised beaches and river terraces in other parts of the world .

The high sea levels of the Pleistocene , corresponding to the interglacials , are often held to have been responsible for highly degraded marine terraces now found at altitudes up to about 70 m ( 230 ft ) above present sea level .
the high sea levels of the pleistocene , [matching] to the interglacials , are often held to have been responsible for highly degraded marine terraces now found at altitudes up to about 70 m ( 230 ft ) above present sea level .

Student registrations on the course by mode show a small increase in both sandwich and part-time modes which , interestingly , has been matched by a corresponding decrease in such registrations elsewhere in the Polytechnic so that institutional figures are roughly stable over the period from 1982–87 .
student registrations on the course by mode show a small increase in both sandwich and part-time modes which , interestingly , has been matched by a [matching] decrease in such registrations elsewhere in the polytechnic so that institutional figures are roughly stable over the period from 1982–87 .

Rating scales are a subset of questionnaires which invite informants to select a number corresponding to the extent of their response , or to select one of a series of descriptions , usually corresponding to an ordinal scale with a neutral midpoint , to which the investigator can easily assign numbers .
rating scales are a subset of questionnaires which invite informants to select a number [matching] to the extent of their response , or to select one of a series of descriptions , usually [matching] to an ordinal scale with a neutral midpoint , to which the investigator can easily assign numbers .

Venus could lack such an inner core because of the lower central pressures corresponding to its lower gravity .
venus could lack such an inner core because of the lower central pressures [matching] to its lower gravity .

The corresponding distance of the spacecraft from the centre of mass of Venus was determined from the spacecraft 's orbit .
the [matching] distance of the spacecraft from the centre of mass of venus was determined from the spacecraft 's orbit .

Venus if it were devoid of atmosphere , and the corresponding hypsometric distribution .
venus if it were devoid of atmosphere , and the [matching] hypsometric distribution .

At the equator the corresponding zonal wind speed ( at 60 km altitude ) is about 100 m/s .
at the equator the [matching] zonal wind speed ( at 60 km altitude ) is about 100 m/s .

Any such deep body of liquid is likely to rise to a level corresponding to isostatic equilibrium , and there would be none of the observed mascons .
any such deep body of liquid is likely to rise to a level [matching] to isostatic equilibrium , and there would be none of the observed mascons .

Also shown are the ages of the corresponding mare basalts , and you can see that they are several 100 Ma younger than the brecchias .
also shown are the ages of the [matching] mare basalts , and you can see that they are several 100 ma younger than the brecchias .

These radar and optical data are rather similar to corresponding data for the Moon .
these radar and optical data are rather similar to [matching] data for the moon .

This came as no surprise : the lunar-like data outlined above , the small size of Mercury and the corresponding likelihood of little geological activity , the absence of a significant atmosphere , the abundance of craters on Mars , all led to the expectation that Mercury would have craters .
this came as no surprise : the lunar-like data outlined above , the small size of mercury and the [matching] likelihood of little geological activity , the absence of a significant atmosphere , the abundance of craters on mars , all led to the expectation that mercury would have craters .

They differ from corresponding lunar craters by having no central peaks and by having rather smooth rims .
they differ from [matching] lunar craters by having no central peaks and by having rather smooth rims .

Craters smaller than 10 km diameter have not been included in Figure 8.2 largely because of the uncertainty about the numbers of the corresponding very small bodies that move among the terrestrial planets .
craters smaller than 10 km diameter have not been included in figure 8.2 largely because of the uncertainty about the numbers of the [matching] very small bodies that move among the terrestrial planets .

Moreover , the intricacy of the colouring can , and seems to be , influenced by horizontal and vertical circulation patterns in the atmosphere and by waves , both of which can transport material to altitudes where its colours are unstable but where insufficient time has elapsed for chemical reactions to have reached a new equilibrium corresponding to different colours .
moreover , the intricacy of the colouring can , and seems to be , influenced by horizontal and vertical circulation patterns in the atmosphere and by waves , both of which can transport material to altitudes where its colours are unstable but where insufficient time has elapsed for chemical reactions to have reached a new equilibrium [matching] to different colours .

Secondly , the role poses a corresponding potential tension in the practitioner 's relationship with her/ his service employing agency .
secondly , the role poses a [matching] potential tension in the practitioner 's relationship with her/ his service employing agency .

The companion study on the Canonic Variations similarly reverses the traditional assumption that the printed version was Bach 's offering on joining Mizler 's Corresponding Society in 1747 .
the companion study on the canonic variations similarly reverses the traditional assumption that the printed version was bach 's offering on joining mizler 's [matching] society in 1747 .

At £2,077 million it was just over 26 per cent up on April , and 52 per cent up on the corresponding month in 1992 .
at £2,077 million it was just over 26 per cent up on april , and 52 per cent up on the [matching] month in 1992 .

One of the seemingly least observed phenomena of the post war era has been the rise in the white collar workforce and the corresponding provision of modern commercial office accommodation that has changed the industrial landscape .
one of the seemingly least observed phenomena of the post war era has been the rise in the white collar workforce and the [matching] provision of modern commercial office accommodation that has changed the industrial landscape .

The reason for this situation is largely historical , due to the Assistant Managers ‘ and the corresponding Managers ‘ Associations being well established in Scotland in the Royal Bank pre merger .
the reason for this situation is largely historical , due to the assistant managers ‘ and the [matching] managers ‘ associations being well established in scotland in the royal bank pre merger .

We therefore write the system Hamiltonian as where is the unperturbed ( dark ) atomic Hamiltonian , expressed in its own basis set n > , with corresponding energy { maths } .
we therefore write the system hamiltonian as where is the unperturbed ( dark ) atomic hamiltonian , expressed in its own basis set n > , with [matching] energy { maths } .

These modes can thus give rise to an Ikeda instability ( which will now have a period rather than 2tR ) provided these modes are resolved into two gain peaks : a high-finesse resonator is thus required for this version of the Ikeda instability , which gives rise to chaos via a period-doubling cascade in parameter regions corresponding to the upper branch of optical bistability { 23 } .
these modes can thus give rise to an ikeda instability ( which will now have a period rather than 2tr ) provided these modes are resolved into two gain peaks : a high-finesse resonator is thus required for this version of the ikeda instability , which gives rise to chaos via a period-doubling cascade in parameter regions [matching] to the upper branch of optical bistability { 23 } .

7.6 displays a `` zoo `` of time sequences with corresponding spectra , this time in a ring laser .
7.6 displays a `` zoo `` of time sequences with [matching] spectra , this time in a ring laser .

Empirically , the relation between an utterance and a corresponding sentence may be quite obscure ( e.g .
empirically , the relation between an utterance and a [matching] sentence may be quite obscure ( e.g .

Thirdly , it includes most aspects of the study of principles of language usage , for there seems to be a general principle of the following kind : for each systematic set of constraints on the use of language , there will be a corresponding set of inference-procedures that will be applied to language understanding ( see Levinson , 1979a ) .
thirdly , it includes most aspects of the study of principles of language usage , for there seems to be a general principle of the following kind : for each systematic set of constraints on the use of language , there will be a [matching] set of inference-procedures that will be applied to language understanding ( see levinson , 1979a ) .

In addition , in many languages , there are two first person `` plural `` pronouns , corresponding to `` we-inclusive-of-addressee `` and `` we-exclusive-of-addressee . ``
in addition , in many languages , there are two first person `` plural `` pronouns , [matching] to `` we-inclusive-of-addressee `` and `` we-exclusive-of-addressee . ``

For example , in Thai the morpheme khrab is a polite particle that can only be used by male speakers , the corresponding form reserved for female speakers being kha ( Haas , 1964 ) .
for example , in thai the morpheme khrab is a polite particle that can only be used by male speakers , the [matching] form reserved for female speakers being kha ( haas , 1964 ) .

The German surplus , and corresponding deficits in every other Community country except Ireland , represent a structural problem for the entire Community .
the german surplus , and [matching] deficits in every other community country except ireland , represent a structural problem for the entire community .

We can tell how trajectories look by examining their corresponding sequence .
we can tell how trajectories look by examining their [matching] sequence .

Provided that if the Lease shall not have been granted within a period of 12 months from the date hereof the Tenant shall be at liberty to assign underlet or otherwise deal with the benefit of this agreement subject to the same conditions as would be applicable to a corresponding transaction if the Lease had then been granted
provided that if the lease shall not have been granted within a period of 12 months from the date hereof the tenant shall be at liberty to assign underlet or otherwise deal with the benefit of this agreement subject to the same conditions as would be applicable to a [matching] transaction if the lease had then been granted

( 3 ) Where goods are supplied in pursuance of a request in which a trade description is used and the circumstances are such as to make it reasonable to infer that the goods are supplied as goods corresponding to that trade description , the person supplying the goods shall be deemed to have applied that trade description to the goods .
( 3 ) where goods are supplied in pursuance of a request in which a trade description is used and the circumstances are such as to make it reasonable to infer that the goods are supplied as goods [matching] to that trade description , the person supplying the goods shall be deemed to have applied that trade description to the goods .

If , on the other hand , it was felt that liability could somehow be imposed for an innocent breach of the rule , mitigation could be pleaded , with a corresponding reduction in any penalty .
if , on the other hand , it was felt that liability could somehow be imposed for an innocent breach of the rule , mitigation could be pleaded , with a [matching] reduction in any penalty .

The defence of `` fair information on a matter of public interest `` was not enough to attract privilege unless the newspaper had a duty to publish the information to the public at large , whose members had a corresponding interest in receiving it .
the defence of `` fair information on a matter of public interest `` was not enough to attract privilege unless the newspaper had a duty to publish the information to the public at large , whose members had a [matching] interest in receiving it .

But pragmatism has corresponding advantages .
but pragmatism has [matching] advantages .

Each datafile has a corresponding concept/keyword map .
each datafile has a [matching] concept/keyword map .

Section 130 of the Companies Act 1989 contains corresponding provisions relating to the sealing of deeds by companies registered under the Companies Acts .
section 130 of the companies act 1989 contains [matching] provisions relating to the sealing of deeds by companies registered under the companies acts .

On the ( implicit ) assumption that market prices for land would rise , the time would inevitably come when the charge would begin to greatly exceed the corresponding claim on the 300 million fund .
on the ( implicit ) assumption that market prices for land would rise , the time would inevitably come when the charge would begin to greatly exceed the [matching] claim on the 300 million fund .

The corresponding reduction in base interest rate to 14 % was interpreted as a signal that the Treasury expects this will be an anti-inflation discipline .
the [matching] reduction in base interest rate to 14 % was interpreted as a signal that the treasury expects this will be an anti-inflation discipline .

The effect of an adverse pressure gradient is generally destabilizing — it decreases the Reynolds number at which corresponding developments occur — and that of a favourable gradient is generally stabilizing .
the effect of an adverse pressure gradient is generally destabilizing — it decreases the reynolds number at which [matching] developments occur — and that of a favourable gradient is generally stabilizing .

Corresponding values of the non-dimensional pressure gradient were 2·1 × 105 and 5·0 × 105 .
[matching] values of the non-dimensional pressure gradient were 2·1 × 105 and 5·0 × 105 .

Each suffix can take values 1 , 2 or 3 , corresponding to the three coordinate directions ; a vector equation can be read as any one of its component equations by substituting the appropriate value for the suffix common to every term ; and the repetition of a suffix within a single term indicates that that term is summed over the three values of that suffix .
each suffix can take values 1 , 2 or 3 , [matching] to the three coordinate directions ; a vector equation can be read as any one of its component equations by substituting the appropriate value for the suffix common to every term ; and the repetition of a suffix within a single term indicates that that term is summed over the three values of that suffix .

Since the summation convention is being applied , the mathematics involves multiplying each component of the dynamical equation ( 19.19 ) by the corresponding velocity component and then adding the three resulting equations .
since the summation convention is being applied , the mathematics involves multiplying each component of the dynamical equation ( 19.19 ) by the [matching] velocity component and then adding the three resulting equations .

The equation for the energy of the mean flow contains a corresponding term of opposite sign .
the equation for the energy of the mean flow contains a [matching] term of opposite sign .

An autocorrelation will then be directly related to the corresponding space correlation with separation in the mean flow direction , the same curve applying for both when one puts .
an autocorrelation will then be directly related to the [matching] space correlation with separation in the mean flow direction , the same curve applying for both when one puts .

The patchiness develops throughout the energy cascade ; as the eddies get smaller , so the fraction of the volume in which they are active decreases ( though the size of a patch is at each stage large compared with the corresponding eddy size ) .
the patchiness develops throughout the energy cascade ; as the eddies get smaller , so the fraction of the volume in which they are active decreases ( though the size of a patch is at each stage large compared with the [matching] eddy size ) .

These results have been obtained more simply than the corresponding results for laminar flow .
these results have been obtained more simply than the [matching] results for laminar flow .

Turbulent flows have much higher entrainment rates than the corresponding laminar flows , a fact that may be related to the additional dissipation by the velocity fluctuations .
turbulent flows have much higher entrainment rates than the [matching] laminar flows , a fact that may be related to the additional dissipation by the velocity fluctuations .

It shows measurements in a two-dimensional wake of the correlation of the y-components of the velocity at two points separated firstly by a distance rx in the x-direction and secondly by a distance rz in the z-direction ( both measured at a distance from the centre plane corresponding to , cf .
it shows measurements in a two-dimensional wake of the correlation of the y-components of the velocity at two points separated firstly by a distance rx in the x-direction and secondly by a distance rz in the z-direction ( both measured at a distance from the centre plane [matching] to , cf .

Figure 21.13 compares a typical turbulent boundary layer profile with a corresponding laminar one .
figure 21.13 compares a typical turbulent boundary layer profile with a [matching] laminar one .

The dissipation somewhat exceeds the production and there is also a loss by advection — corresponding , as in a wake , to the supply of energy to newly turbulent fluid .
the dissipation somewhat exceeds the production and there is also a loss by advection — [matching] , as in a wake , to the supply of energy to newly turbulent fluid .

21.13 is plotted with log-linear coordinates and the straight line corresponding to eqn ( 21.18 ) is evident .
21.13 is plotted with log-linear coordinates and the straight line [matching] to eqn ( 21.18 ) is evident .

The curve corresponding to this is included in Fig. 21.17 ( the logarithmic plotting now serving to expand this region ) and it is seen that the experimental points fall on it for .
the curve [matching] to this is included in fig. 21.17 ( the logarithmic plotting now serving to expand this region ) and it is seen that the experimental points fall on it for .

Moreover , analysis of the data in the above way disguises a significant aspect of the differences between a stratified boundary layer and a corresponding unstratified one .
moreover , analysis of the data in the above way disguises a significant aspect of the differences between a stratified boundary layer and a [matching] unstratified one .

This locus is independent of the Prandtl number , and resembles the corresponding locus for Couette flow in Fig .
this locus is independent of the prandtl number , and resembles the [matching] locus for couette flow in fig .

In general , corresponding developments tend to occur at a lower value of Rayleigh number when the Prandtl number is lower .
in general , [matching] developments tend to occur at a lower value of rayleigh number when the prandtl number is lower .

22.12–22.14 ) , corresponding in a sense to infinite Rayleigh number .
22.12–22.14 ) , [matching] in a sense to infinite rayleigh number .

The heat transfer can occur without a corresponding diffusion of salt because of the lower diffusivity of the latter .
the heat transfer can occur without a [matching] diffusion of salt because of the lower diffusivity of the latter .

If , however , thermal diffusion occurs , without a corresponding concentration diffusion , the particle will be cooled when it is above its equilibrium position and thus surrounded by cooler fluid .
if , however , thermal diffusion occurs , without a [matching] concentration diffusion , the particle will be cooled when it is above its equilibrium position and thus surrounded by cooler fluid .

The corresponding concentration boundary layer is thinner ( Fig .
the [matching] concentration boundary layer is thinner ( fig .

With a sharp instrument , make six corresponding holes in the bottom of the second cake drum ( the ‘ roof ’ ) .
with a sharp instrument , make six [matching] holes in the bottom of the second cake drum ( the ‘ roof ’ ) .

Within many genera , there seemed to be little variation , but , within families , there was rarely uniformity , the two classes being : ( i ) large orange , yellow , brown or green fruits with a tough outer layer ; and ( ii ) small black , white , blue , purple or mixed colours , corresponding to mammal and bird ‘ syndromes ’ respectively .
within many genera , there seemed to be little variation , but , within families , there was rarely uniformity , the two classes being : ( i ) large orange , yellow , brown or green fruits with a tough outer layer ; and ( ii ) small black , white , blue , purple or mixed colours , [matching] to mammal and bird ‘ syndromes ’ respectively .

The males have dense tufts of hairs on the tarsi of the forelegs , picking up oils by capillarity ; the hind tibia , corresponding to the pollen basket of the female , serves as a storage organ for scent .
the males have dense tufts of hairs on the tarsi of the forelegs , picking up oils by capillarity ; the hind tibia , [matching] to the pollen basket of the female , serves as a storage organ for scent .

The Mozarts kept these terms rigorously separated , as though emphasizing a corresponding world of musical difference .
the mozarts kept these terms rigorously separated , as though emphasizing a [matching] world of musical difference .

Although modern dictionary meanings suggest that both these words are almost synonymous with ‘ gently ’ 'lightly , ‘ softly , even ‘ carefully ’ , to a French Baroque musician , while evocative of style , they were principally indications of tempo at opposite ends of the time scale : doucement for a slow tempo corresponding to gravement or lentement , and légèrement for a swift , nimble tempo , only one stage below that of vivement or vite .
although modern dictionary meanings suggest that both these words are almost synonymous with ‘ gently ’ 'lightly , ‘ softly , even ‘ carefully ’ , to a french baroque musician , while evocative of style , they were principally indications of tempo at opposite ends of the time scale : doucement for a slow tempo [matching] to gravement or lentement , and légèrement for a swift , nimble tempo , only one stage below that of vivement or vite .

Detailed studies of the velocity of seismic waves in the upper mantle show that after the marked increase corresponding to the Moho at the crust-mantle boundary their velocity gradually becomes greater to a depth of around 100km , where a small , but significant , decrease is found which continues to a depth of about 300 km ( Table 2.1 ) .
detailed studies of the velocity of seismic waves in the upper mantle show that after the marked increase [matching] to the moho at the crust-mantle boundary their velocity gradually becomes greater to a depth of around 100km , where a small , but significant , decrease is found which continues to a depth of about 300 km ( table 2.1 ) .

The close relationship observed between the width of each magnetic anomaly and the corresponding time scale of magnetic reversals , which by now had been accurately established by the radiometric dating of terrestrial lavas , convinced many earth scientists of the reality of sea-floor spreading .
the close relationship observed between the width of each magnetic anomaly and the [matching] time scale of magnetic reversals , which by now had been accurately established by the radiometric dating of terrestrial lavas , convinced many earth scientists of the reality of sea-floor spreading .

First , there has been an explosion in the quantity of information , but no corresponding useful measure of quality .
first , there has been an explosion in the quantity of information , but no [matching] useful measure of quality .

Possibly even in the most traditional area of slave cultivation , sugar , the mechanisation of sugar-mills from the mid-century diminished the need for labour in processing the product , though in booming sugar economies like Cuba it produced a corresponding rise in the demand for field-hands .
possibly even in the most traditional area of slave cultivation , sugar , the mechanisation of sugar-mills from the mid-century diminished the need for labour in processing the product , though in booming sugar economies like cuba it produced a [matching] rise in the demand for field-hands .

Alternatively it might simply be recorded that additional capital should be credited in the firm 's books to the partner who contributes it as an addition to his share — with a corresponding alteration in the capital sharing ratio .
alternatively it might simply be recorded that additional capital should be credited in the firm 's books to the partner who contributes it as an addition to his share — with a [matching] alteration in the capital sharing ratio .

Professor Nils Shakkabaek of Copenhagen University , who co-ordinated the study , says that a corresponding increase in genito-urinary abnormalities and incidents of testicular cancer tend to support the environmental conclusion .
professor nils shakkabaek of copenhagen university , who co-ordinated the study , says that a [matching] increase in genito-urinary abnormalities and incidents of testicular cancer tend to support the environmental conclusion .

Speaking at a conference in Bangkok , Thailand , he said that forest cover had fallen from 13 million hectares in the 1960s ( corresponding to 73 per cent of the country 's land area ) to seven million hectares today ( 39 per cent ) .
speaking at a conference in bangkok , thailand , he said that forest cover had fallen from 13 million hectares in the 1960s ( [matching] to 73 per cent of the country 's land area ) to seven million hectares today ( 39 per cent ) .

The corresponding figures for returns in Switzerland and the United States , for instance , are 60 and 68 per cent .
the [matching] figures for returns in switzerland and the united states , for instance , are 60 and 68 per cent .

Eventually , Sara hoped to run her courses in terms of three months each , corresponding to the scholastic year .
eventually , sara hoped to run her courses in terms of three months each , [matching] to the scholastic year .

If you measure some quantity such as the temperature , the acidity , the water content or the electrical potential in a living body , you will typically find that it is markedly different from the corresponding measure in the surroundings .
if you measure some quantity such as the temperature , the acidity , the water content or the electrical potential in a living body , you will typically find that it is markedly different from the [matching] measure in the surroundings .

For each of these types of eye , stages corresponding to evolutionary intermediates exist as working eyes among other modern animals .
for each of these types of eye , stages [matching] to evolutionary intermediates exist as working eyes among other modern animals .

Yet it is the idea that men should have power over women , coupled with the belief that women have a particular ‘ role ’ — much more closely specified than is any corresponding male ‘ role ’ , that is coming to be questioned .
yet it is the idea that men should have power over women , coupled with the belief that women have a particular ‘ role ’ — much more closely specified than is any [matching] male ‘ role ’ , that is coming to be questioned .

He writes : ‘ If we are pressed to see in the doctrine of the Trinity some clue to the sense that gender … must have something corresponding to it in the God-head , one would find in the unconditioned Unity of God something like the feminine in creation , while the differentiated Persons , on the other hand , have each a masculine denomination .
he writes : ‘ if we are pressed to see in the doctrine of the trinity some clue to the sense that gender … must have something [matching] to it in the god-head , one would find in the unconditioned unity of god something like the feminine in creation , while the differentiated persons , on the other hand , have each a masculine denomination .

When however we turn to women , items of clothing have a very different signification , a signification corresponding to women 's lack of power in the society .
when however we turn to women , items of clothing have a very different signification , a signification [matching] to women 's lack of power in the society .

There was a great expansion in the nineteenth century with the coming of power-driven mills , and a corresponding growth in their parent townships .
there was a great expansion in the nineteenth century with the coming of power-driven mills , and a [matching] growth in their parent townships .

Although the level of the river had begun to drop , there was no corresponding decrease in the rain that continued to pour out of the skies .
although the level of the river had begun to drop , there was no [matching] decrease in the rain that continued to pour out of the skies .

The corresponding results for the sentence completion task were sixty-five per cent and eighty-three per cent .
the [matching] results for the sentence completion task were sixty-five per cent and eighty-three per cent .

This is very similar to the corresponding category for speech , and the verbalized thoughts are often put in quotation marks just as if they were speech .
this is very similar to the [matching] category for speech , and the verbalized thoughts are often put in quotation marks just as if they were speech .

Secondly , scientific and technological advances allowing exploitation and exploration of areas not previously susceptible to such activities , and the corresponding increased capacity to exhaust the world 's resources or to monopolise a market , mean that even those States that lack the resources to take advantage themselves are still directly concerned in the activities of others .
secondly , scientific and technological advances allowing exploitation and exploration of areas not previously susceptible to such activities , and the [matching] increased capacity to exhaust the world 's resources or to monopolise a market , mean that even those states that lack the resources to take advantage themselves are still directly concerned in the activities of others .

Treaties are called upon to perform a wide variety of functions corresponding to distinct transactions in municipal law .
treaties are called upon to perform a wide variety of functions [matching] to distinct transactions in municipal law .

It may be that the subsequent Treaty of Paris was viewed as constituting written acceptance by Danzig of Poland 's rights , and its corresponding duty to accept them .
it may be that the subsequent treaty of paris was viewed as constituting written acceptance by danzig of poland 's rights , and its [matching] duty to accept them .

This is a conditional right of access to the institutional procedures of the Organisation , but the Security Council is not apparently under any corresponding duty to put the dispute on its agenda , or to apply its procedures to it .
this is a conditional right of access to the institutional procedures of the organisation , but the security council is not apparently under any [matching] duty to put the dispute on its agenda , or to apply its procedures to it .

The back feet and diagonal members have these compound curves , produced by making jig templates that are secured on both sides of the component and guided by corresponding bearing that sit on top and below the cutter block .
the back feet and diagonal members have these compound curves , produced by making jig templates that are secured on both sides of the component and guided by [matching] bearing that sit on top and below the cutter block .

Once the correct setting is obtained , a file mark or paint slash on the control wheel , with a corresponding mark opposite on the saw frame , will permit a return to this setting quickly with a minimum of wasted time .
once the correct setting is obtained , a file mark or paint slash on the control wheel , with a [matching] mark opposite on the saw frame , will permit a return to this setting quickly with a minimum of wasted time .

With general , we may write the eigenvectors corresponding to , respectively ; hence the operation and is converted to the standard canonical form for matrices with distinct eigenvalues .
with general , we may write the eigenvectors [matching] to , respectively ; hence the operation and is converted to the standard canonical form for matrices with distinct eigenvalues .

For ease of exposition , let us suppose n = 4 . Consider the matrix product , corresponding to ( 3 )
for ease of exposition , let us suppose n = 4 . consider the matrix product , [matching] to ( 3 )

We illustrate the calculation of the eigenvector corresponding to the eigenvalue 12.5 .
we illustrate the calculation of the eigenvector [matching] to the eigenvalue 12.5 .

In a similar way , if the eigenvector corresponding to is , then the relation implies the conjugate relation ; hence p — iq is the eigenvector corresponding to the eigenvalue
in a similar way , if the eigenvector [matching] to is , then the relation implies the conjugate relation ; hence p — iq is the eigenvector [matching] to the eigenvalue

Evidently , the vector in ( 1 ) is arbitrary to a scalar complex multiplier , say + another vector satisfying ( 1 ) is thus Any arbitrary linear combination of p and q may therefore be taken as the real part of the vector , with a corresponding combination for the imaginary part .
evidently , the vector in ( 1 ) is arbitrary to a scalar complex multiplier , say + another vector satisfying ( 1 ) is thus any arbitrary linear combination of p and q may therefore be taken as the real part of the vector , with a [matching] combination for the imaginary part .

If we round this off to a new , we quickly find that also , i.e. 40 is an exact eigenvalue ; also the corresponding eigenvector becomes .
if we round this off to a new , we quickly find that also , i.e. 40 is an exact eigenvalue ; also the [matching] eigenvector becomes .

We now look for the left vector corresponding to x as the right vector ; in §2.10.1 this was : here it is different .
we now look for the left vector [matching] to x as the right vector ; in §2.10.1 this was : here it is different .

If we round this off to a new , and repeat the calculation — we leave it to the reader to check this — we find ; finally , rounding this off to 20 and repeating again , we find that 20 is an exact eigenvalue and that the corresponding right and left eigenvectors are , respectively , , .
if we round this off to a new , and repeat the calculation — we leave it to the reader to check this — we find ; finally , rounding this off to 20 and repeating again , we find that 20 is an exact eigenvalue and that the [matching] right and left eigenvectors are , respectively , , .

To put the problem more concretely , the idea of style implies that the words on the page might have been different , or differently arranged without a corresponding difference in substance .
to put the problem more concretely , the idea of style implies that the words on the page might have been different , or differently arranged without a [matching] difference in substance .

In his Portrait , Joyce offers a development of style corresponding to his hero 's development from the dawning of linguistic consciousness , in childhood , to maturity .
in his portrait , joyce offers a development of style [matching] to his hero 's development from the dawning of linguistic consciousness , in childhood , to maturity .

Such developments , to make economic sense , require student numbers running into tens of thousands , and a corresponding subtlety of initial preparation .
such developments , to make economic sense , require student numbers running into tens of thousands , and a [matching] subtlety of initial preparation .

In February 1987 the corresponding figures were 28.6 % for all candidates and 35.5 % for candidates elected .
in february 1987 the [matching] figures were 28.6 % for all candidates and 35.5 % for candidates elected .

People therefore tried first of all to interpret [ 2 ] as corresponding to the modes of vibration of some classical system .
people therefore tried first of all to interpret [ 2 ] as [matching] to the modes of vibration of some classical system .

It is an inexorable consequence of classical physics that such an accelerating electron radiates off some of its energy at a frequency corresponding to the frequency of the electron 's circulation .
it is an inexorable consequence of classical physics that such an accelerating electron radiates off some of its energy at a frequency [matching] to the frequency of the electron 's circulation .

He could then calculate the energy corresponding to this orbit ( see Appendix , Al ) and it turned out to be , where m and e are the mass and electric charge of the electron .
he could then calculate the energy [matching] to this orbit ( see appendix , al ) and it turned out to be , where m and e are the mass and electric charge of the electron .

By Planck 's formula in the form [ 3 ] we see that the corresponding frequency is It was a brilliant achievement .
by planck 's formula in the form [ 3 ] we see that the [matching] frequency is it was a brilliant achievement .

There is a unique state of lowest energy corresponding to n l .
there is a unique state of lowest energy [matching] to n l .

It thus affords a way in which the results of measurement can be associated with quantum mechanical observables : the possible results of measuring an observable are just the set of eigenvalues of the corresponding operator .
it thus affords a way in which the results of measurement can be associated with quantum mechanical observables : the possible results of measuring an observable are just the set of eigenvalues of the [matching] operator .

The real numbers which result from making measurements are interpreted as the eigenvalues of the corresponding observable .
the real numbers which result from making measurements are interpreted as the eigenvalues of the [matching] observable .

In the language of p. 27 the electron originally was not in an eigenstate of position but in some superposition of such states ; after the act of measurement it finds itself in an eigenstate of position corresponding to the eigenvalue which is the result of that particular measurement .
in the language of p. 27 the electron originally was not in an eigenstate of position but in some superposition of such states ; after the act of measurement it finds itself in an eigenstate of position [matching] to the eigenvalue which is the result of that particular measurement .

That conclusion arose from a mathematical fact ( that operators did not commute ) , via rather abstract arguments involving the idea that the eigenstates of hermitean operators are the state vectors corresponding to the precise measurement of the observables the operators represent .
that conclusion arose from a mathematical fact ( that operators did not commute ) , via rather abstract arguments involving the idea that the eigenstates of hermitean operators are the state vectors [matching] to the precise measurement of the observables the operators represent .

We will call the corresponding spin components and s respectively .
we will call the [matching] spin components and s respectively .

Because we do not have direct access to the microworld , any measurement involves a chain of amplification by which the state of affairs on the very small scale is made to manifest a corresponding signal in the everyday world of the laboratory .
because we do not have direct access to the microworld , any measurement involves a chain of amplification by which the state of affairs on the very small scale is made to manifest a [matching] signal in the everyday world of the laboratory .

with probability equal to unity ) the value of a physical quantity , then there exists an element of physical reality corresponding to that quantity .
with probability equal to unity ) the value of a physical quantity , then there exists an element of physical reality [matching] to that quantity .

Each in turn has two chronological parts : 1790–1850 , corresponding with the end of the fur trade era , and 1830–1900 , the period of relocation and confinement to reservations .
each in turn has two chronological parts : 1790–1850 , [matching] with the end of the fur trade era , and 1830–1900 , the period of relocation and confinement to reservations .

Indian culture is still imagined as timeless , forever corresponding to a primitive stage of European history and art history ; but the Indian tradition was both amplified and transformed by contact with the pioneers .
indian culture is still imagined as timeless , forever [matching] to a primitive stage of european history and art history ; but the indian tradition was both amplified and transformed by contact with the pioneers .

Its pendant , ‘ The descent from the Cross ’ , will occupy the corresponding wall in the south transept , and the ‘ Assumption of the Virgin ’ will be installed in the apse .
its pendant , ‘ the descent from the cross ’ , will occupy the [matching] wall in the south transept , and the ‘ assumption of the virgin ’ will be installed in the apse .

One can only hope that the £2 million restructured county ground at Bristol , where the old Victorian orphanages can give such a depressing aura to the ambience , will bring a corresponding resurgence in the fortunes of the team .
one can only hope that the £2 million restructured county ground at bristol , where the old victorian orphanages can give such a depressing aura to the ambience , will bring a [matching] resurgence in the fortunes of the team .

He 'd been corresponding with a local cricket scribe for five years before the trip and had recruited two current Test cricketers in Roy Minnett and Gerry Hazlitt , the dashing Dockers , Cyril and Philip , and an adonis figure in Norman Ebbsworth .
he 'd been [matching] with a local cricket scribe for five years before the trip and had recruited two current test cricketers in roy minnett and gerry hazlitt , the dashing dockers , cyril and philip , and an adonis figure in norman ebbsworth .

Corresponding to this tripartite division of institutions is a tripartite classification of governmental functions : legislative , administrative , and judicial .
[matching] to this tripartite division of institutions is a tripartite classification of governmental functions : legislative , administrative , and judicial .

It should be noted , however , that it is by no means true that each function is performed only by the branch of government with the corresponding name .
it should be noted , however , that it is by no means true that each function is performed only by the branch of government with the [matching] name .

The clue to the identity of the conception of the market and the corresponding theory of distributive justice implicit in choice theories lies in their concept of voluntariness .
the clue to the identity of the conception of the market and the [matching] theory of distributive justice implicit in choice theories lies in their concept of voluntariness .

The power of each property owner is checked by the corresponding power of each other property owner .
the power of each property owner is checked by the [matching] power of each other property owner .

There may be a limited exemption for non-profit-making bodies and foundations , provided that the data is used only ‘ as part of their legitimate aims ’ and ‘ on condition that they relate only those members and corresponding members who have consented to being included therein and that they are not communicated to third parties ’ .
there may be a limited exemption for non-profit-making bodies and foundations , provided that the data is used only ‘ as part of their legitimate aims ’ and ‘ on condition that they relate only those members and [matching] members who have consented to being included therein and that they are not communicated to third parties ’ .

According to the classical definition , identification is the major process leading to internalization , and internalization is ‘ a condition of incorporation of norms and/or roles into one 's own personality , with a corresponding obligation to act accordingly or suffer guilt ’ .
according to the classical definition , identification is the major process leading to internalization , and internalization is ‘ a condition of incorporation of norms and/or roles into one 's own personality , with a [matching] obligation to act accordingly or suffer guilt ’ .

Dictionary entries may thus be represented by an index corresponding to each headword , followed by a list of indices corresponding to each of the definition words .
dictionary entries may thus be represented by an index [matching] to each headword , followed by a list of indices [matching] to each of the definition words .

This represented a significant increase in Gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding decrease in royal authority .
this represented a significant increase in gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a [matching] decrease in royal authority .

Henry Maudsley in the 1860s , for example , developed the notion that masturbatory insanity was characterised by intense self-regard and conceit , extreme perversion of feeling and corresponding deranging of thought , and later by failure of intelligence , nocturnal hallucinations , and suicidal and homicidal propensities , all characteristics which doomed the boy to social disaster .
henry maudsley in the 1860s , for example , developed the notion that masturbatory insanity was characterised by intense self-regard and conceit , extreme perversion of feeling and [matching] deranging of thought , and later by failure of intelligence , nocturnal hallucinations , and suicidal and homicidal propensities , all characteristics which doomed the boy to social disaster .

His parents ' religious conviction and corresponding belief in the virtue of hard work clearly had a formative influence , but it is notable how much significance is attributed to more formal education , especially learning through books .
his parents ' religious conviction and [matching] belief in the virtue of hard work clearly had a formative influence , but it is notable how much significance is attributed to more formal education , especially learning through books .

The need for reappraisal in the 1950s was underlined by accumulating evidence that rising standards of material prosperity , education and social welfare had not been matched by any corresponding decline in offending .
the need for reappraisal in the 1950s was underlined by accumulating evidence that rising standards of material prosperity , education and social welfare had not been matched by any [matching] decline in offending .

She provided tests for three different age groups in each set , corresponding to six- and seven-year-olds , eight-and nine-year-olds and eleven-to thirteen-year-olds .
she provided tests for three different age groups in each set , [matching] to six- and seven-year-olds , eight-and nine-year-olds and eleven-to thirteen-year-olds .

Every debit must have a corresponding credit and vice-versa .
every debit must have a [matching] credit and vice-versa .

The corresponding form in the Being Actioned file should be removed and discarded ,
the [matching] form in the being actioned file should be removed and discarded ,

For women , the corresponding rate ratios were 3.0 ( 2.3 to 3.9 ) and 4.2 ( 2.5 to 6.8 ) respectively .
for women , the [matching] rate ratios were 3.0 ( 2.3 to 3.9 ) and 4.2 ( 2.5 to 6.8 ) respectively .

When normality for either group was not reasonable the corresponding test used was the Mann-Whitney , although this assumed that the shapes of the two underlying distributions ( for regulated and random ) were identical but possibly shifted in terms of the median .
when normality for either group was not reasonable the [matching] test used was the mann-whitney , although this assumed that the shapes of the two underlying distributions ( for regulated and random ) were identical but possibly shifted in terms of the median .

However , the rate of progression of urinary albumin excretion was not correlated to the progression of mean arterial pressure recorded at the corresponding times ( r '=-0.23 , p=0.302 for all patients ; r '=-0.24 for enalapril group ; r '=-0.20 for hydrochlorothiazide group ) ( fig 3 , left panel ) .
however , the rate of progression of urinary albumin excretion was not correlated to the progression of mean arterial pressure recorded at the [matching] times ( r '=-0.23 , p=0.302 for all patients ; r '=-0.24 for enalapril group ; r '=-0.20 for hydrochlorothiazide group ) ( fig 3 , left panel ) .

Each sends out some sort of hormonal signal , while reading the corresponding signal sent out by the other .
each sends out some sort of hormonal signal , while reading the [matching] signal sent out by the other .

No corresponding studies for the family smoking education project have been published and there may be other explanations for the poor results .
no [matching] studies for the family smoking education project have been published and there may be other explanations for the poor results .

The text of the entries is held in the archive in 40 corresponding files called tables .
the text of the entries is held in the archive in 40 [matching] files called tables .

These tables contain one or more versions of the text of each entry in the corresponding dictionary range .
these tables contain one or more versions of the text of each entry in the [matching] dictionary range .

The argument is that and form a fixed pair , corresponding to other pairs like bread and wine , threshing-floor ( ) and wine-vat , corn ( ) and new wine ( ) , farmers and vintners .
the argument is that and form a fixed pair , [matching] to other pairs like bread and wine , threshing-floor ( ) and wine-vat , corn ( ) and new wine ( ) , farmers and vintners .

Here each result bit is set to one only if the corresponding bits in the two operands are both one .
here each result bit is set to one only if the [matching] bits in the two operands are both one .

Here each result bit is set to one if either ( or both ) of the corresponding bits in the two operands are one .
here each result bit is set to one if either ( or both ) of the [matching] bits in the two operands are one .

Here each result bit is set to one if either ( but not both ) of the corresponding bits in the two operands are one .
here each result bit is set to one if either ( but not both ) of the [matching] bits in the two operands are one .

Only those bit positions corresponding to a one in the mask are involved in the primary operation .
only those bit positions [matching] to a one in the mask are involved in the primary operation .

The most common instructions in this area are load , store , and move under mask , where bits are copied from the source to the destination location only for those positions corresponding to a one in the mask .
the most common instructions in this area are load , store , and move under mask , where bits are copied from the source to the destination location only for those positions [matching] to a one in the mask .

On this computer simultaneous addition or subtraction may also be performed on corresponding halves or thirds of two words , one in a processor register and one in a store location .
on this computer simultaneous addition or subtraction may also be performed on [matching] halves or thirds of two words , one in a processor register and one in a store location .

Suppose further that we have an instruction which , given two character strings , perform a binary addition on corresponding pairs of characters .
suppose further that we have an instruction which , given two character strings , perform a binary addition on [matching] pairs of characters .

We have seen pairs of words ( a , b ) interpreted as double-precision arithmetic formats , with corresponding operations .
we have seen pairs of words ( a , b ) interpreted as double-precision arithmetic formats , with [matching] operations .

In our own most recent study , which included features corresponding to all three hypothesised intentions , significant positive correlations were found between accelerated development and a high frequency of expansions , extensions and references to joint activities , whilst features corresponding to a didactic intention showed either no correlation or a trend towards a negative association ( Barnes et al .
in our own most recent study , which included features [matching] to all three hypothesised intentions , significant positive correlations were found between accelerated development and a high frequency of expansions , extensions and references to joint activities , whilst features [matching] to a didactic intention showed either no correlation or a trend towards a negative association ( barnes et al .

Although Lagrange seemed to cherish hopes that his work would show the way to the solution of the general quintic the results obtained indicated a distinct possibility that there might be no corresponding formula in the case of equations of degree greater than 4 , and a supposed proof of this was given by Ruffini in 1799 .
although lagrange seemed to cherish hopes that his work would show the way to the solution of the general quintic the results obtained indicated a distinct possibility that there might be no [matching] formula in the case of equations of degree greater than 4 , and a supposed proof of this was given by ruffini in 1799 .

( ii ) Corresponding tables for any other ( fairly small ) positive moduli n are easily constructed .
( ii ) [matching] tables for any other ( fairly small ) positive moduli n are easily constructed .

There is therefore a tension between the continued existence of economic and social inequalities which confer political advantages on some groups and corresponding disadvantages on others , and the democratic principle of political equality , which ought , as a principle , to mean not merely equality in the voting booth but also equality of access to the political decision-makers , and equal opportunities to influence the policies and direction taken by society as a whole .
there is therefore a tension between the continued existence of economic and social inequalities which confer political advantages on some groups and [matching] disadvantages on others , and the democratic principle of political equality , which ought , as a principle , to mean not merely equality in the voting booth but also equality of access to the political decision-makers , and equal opportunities to influence the policies and direction taken by society as a whole .

It may denote ( i ) the external groove or sulcus corresponding to an internal ridge-like inflection of the cuticle which provides mechanical rigidity , or ( ii ) a line of thinner , weaker cuticle along which rupture or bending of the integument can occur at ecdysis , or ( iii ) a narrow , flexible , membranous zone of unsclerotized cuticle , or ( iv ) a linear impression without any obvious mechanical significance .
it may denote ( i ) the external groove or sulcus [matching] to an internal ridge-like inflection of the cuticle which provides mechanical rigidity , or ( ii ) a line of thinner , weaker cuticle along which rupture or bending of the integument can occur at ecdysis , or ( iii ) a narrow , flexible , membranous zone of unsclerotized cuticle , or ( iv ) a linear impression without any obvious mechanical significance .

Where the fore wings are markedly larger than the hind pair there is a corresponding greater development of the mesothorax ( Hymenoptera , and also Diptera where the hind wings are reduced in size and not used for flying ) .
where the fore wings are markedly larger than the hind pair there is a [matching] greater development of the mesothorax ( hymenoptera , and also diptera where the hind wings are reduced in size and not used for flying ) .

These are homologues of the stipital muscles of the maxilla but it should be noted that the glossae possess no muscles corresponding to the cranial flexors of the laciniae .
these are homologues of the stipital muscles of the maxilla but it should be noted that the glossae possess no muscles [matching] to the cranial flexors of the laciniae .

This threefold division is maintained in the completed organ which is divided into corresponding regions which are designated the protocerebrum , the deutocerebrum and the tritocerebrum respectively , though the division is not always apparent externally .
this threefold division is maintained in the completed organ which is divided into [matching] regions which are designated the protocerebrum , the deutocerebrum and the tritocerebrum respectively , though the division is not always apparent externally .

Attention should be paid to the representation of three-dimensional figures in two dimensions , Pupils should be able to recognise the two-dimensional drawing corresponding to a given solid , and be able to recognise and build solids from such drawings .
attention should be paid to the representation of three-dimensional figures in two dimensions , pupils should be able to recognise the two-dimensional drawing [matching] to a given solid , and be able to recognise and build solids from such drawings .

In the written test 47 per cent of the boys and 57 per cent of the girls obtained the correct answer , while in the mental test the corresponding figures were 34 per cent and 43 per cent respectively .
in the written test 47 per cent of the boys and 57 per cent of the girls obtained the correct answer , while in the mental test the [matching] figures were 34 per cent and 43 per cent respectively .

This is particularly disturbing for people who subscribe to the Christian view that sinful thoughts are as wicked as the corresponding deeds , since we can not prevent ourselves sometimes from dreaming of performing venial if not mortal sins .
this is particularly disturbing for people who subscribe to the christian view that sinful thoughts are as wicked as the [matching] deeds , since we can not prevent ourselves sometimes from dreaming of performing venial if not mortal sins .

However , the need for energy is increased by stress or illness , necessitating a corresponding increase in the amount of rest required .
however , the need for energy is increased by stress or illness , necessitating a [matching] increase in the amount of rest required .

In a way this was a bringing together of audio-visual aids and library services at the school level corresponding to the coordination of these county services suggested in the fifth objective .
in a way this was a bringing together of audio-visual aids and library services at the school level [matching] to the coordination of these county services suggested in the fifth objective .

She should perhaps have noted more positively that Brahms labelled this as a plain Allegro , unlike the corresponding movement of No .
she should perhaps have noted more positively that brahms labelled this as a plain allegro , unlike the [matching] movement of no .

The abolition of some second-tier authorities in the mid-1980s did not , however , necessarily lead to corresponding savings .
the abolition of some second-tier authorities in the mid-1980s did not , however , necessarily lead to [matching] savings .

If they illuminated corresponding flaws in him , these were his indiscriminate intellectual enthusiasms and a certain tight-lipped intolerance .
if they illuminated [matching] flaws in him , these were his indiscriminate intellectual enthusiasms and a certain tight-lipped intolerance .

It was one of those philanthropists , Octavia Hill , who , in order to ‘ cast away from them [ the children of East End slums ] the misery around , to remove them from air poisoned and close , to give them God 's free Light ’ , developed a corresponding interest in countryside protection and , in 1895 , founded the National Trust .
it was one of those philanthropists , octavia hill , who , in order to ‘ cast away from them [ the children of east end slums ] the misery around , to remove them from air poisoned and close , to give them god 's free light ’ , developed a [matching] interest in countryside protection and , in 1895 , founded the national trust .

The proportion of unmarried mothers living with their parents declined from 49 per cent in 1973–5 to 30 per cent in 1983–4 , with a corresponding increase in those living in their own home from 36 to 59 per cent over the same period .
the proportion of unmarried mothers living with their parents declined from 49 per cent in 1973–5 to 30 per cent in 1983–4 , with a [matching] increase in those living in their own home from 36 to 59 per cent over the same period .

So , for example , France entered into a bilateral Convention with Austria on 11 July 1966 providing for direct communication between the Ministries of Justice of the two countries , and with Italy on 12 January 1955 allowing documents to be sent by the competent authority to the parquet in France and the corresponding officers in Italy .
so , for example , france entered into a bilateral convention with austria on 11 july 1966 providing for direct communication between the ministries of justice of the two countries , and with italy on 12 january 1955 allowing documents to be sent by the competent authority to the parquet in france and the [matching] officers in italy .

This is expressed in Article 12 of the Convention which is an adaptation to meet the new range of modes of service of corresponding provisions in the 1954 Convention .
this is expressed in article 12 of the convention which is an adaptation to meet the new range of modes of service of [matching] provisions in the 1954 convention .

The forms are of the Letter Rogatory itself , which follows the functional layout of the Hague ‘ Request ’ rather than the formal , almost supplicatory , style of a traditional letter rogatory ; a statement of Essential Information for the Addressee , corresponding to the Hague ‘ Summary of the Document to be Served ’ ; and a Certificate of execution or non-execution again on the model of the corresponding Hague document .
the forms are of the letter rogatory itself , which follows the functional layout of the hague ‘ request ’ rather than the formal , almost supplicatory , style of a traditional letter rogatory ; a statement of essential information for the addressee , [matching] to the hague ‘ summary of the document to be served ’ ; and a certificate of execution or non-execution again on the model of the [matching] hague document .

It is possible to read paragraph ( b ) of this declaration as implying that the United Kingdom will execute Letters of Request seeking the production of particular documents specified in the Letter and required by way of ‘ discovery ’ , even if they do not ( in the words of the corresponding Rule of the Supreme Court ) 502 ‘ relate to a matter in question in the cause or matter ’ .
it is possible to read paragraph ( b ) of this declaration as implying that the united kingdom will execute letters of request seeking the production of particular documents specified in the letter and required by way of ‘ discovery ’ , even if they do not ( in the words of the [matching] rule of the supreme court ) 502 ‘ relate to a matter in question in the cause or matter ’ .

While she was too young to understand , Diana certainly caught the pitch of the family 's frustration , and , believing that she was ‘ a nuisance , ’ she accepted a corresponding load of guilt and failure for disappointing her parents and family , feelings she has now learned to accept and recognize .
while she was too young to understand , diana certainly caught the pitch of the family 's frustration , and , believing that she was ‘ a nuisance , ’ she accepted a [matching] load of guilt and failure for disappointing her parents and family , feelings she has now learned to accept and recognize .

As the nature of insider dealing changed , there was a corresponding need to adapt other legal doctrines to fit the abuse .
as the nature of insider dealing changed , there was a [matching] need to adapt other legal doctrines to fit the abuse .

There is a view that is as old , probably , as the human race , and certainly as old as Homer and the ancient Greeks , that there is one ethical structure that represents right for men : a composite of manly virtues , such as courage , endurance , physical stamina , wiliness and political judgement , and a corresponding but complementary conception of what is right for women , womanly virtue being seen as a mixture of timidity , tenderness , compliance , docility , softness , innocence and domestic competence .
there is a view that is as old , probably , as the human race , and certainly as old as homer and the ancient greeks , that there is one ethical structure that represents right for men : a composite of manly virtues , such as courage , endurance , physical stamina , wiliness and political judgement , and a [matching] but complementary conception of what is right for women , womanly virtue being seen as a mixture of timidity , tenderness , compliance , docility , softness , innocence and domestic competence .

can be required to take responsibility ) to a corresponding degree .
can be required to take responsibility ) to a [matching] degree .

As can be seen in Table 1 , throughout this century there has been a large decline in private renting , and a corresponding increase in owner-occupation and council housing , which began to get under way after the First World War .
as can be seen in table 1 , throughout this century there has been a large decline in private renting , and a [matching] increase in owner-occupation and council housing , which began to get under way after the first world war .

Housewives are isolated , without the protection of their rights corresponding to those won by waged workers through trade union organisation and solidarity .
housewives are isolated , without the protection of their rights [matching] to those won by waged workers through trade union organisation and solidarity .

In South-west England a number of strand lines are developed corresponding to different sea levels which fluctuated up to 130 m above present sea level ( Camm and Hosking , 1985 ) .
in south-west england a number of strand lines are developed [matching] to different sea levels which fluctuated up to 130 m above present sea level ( camm and hosking , 1985 ) .

If the guarantee or deposit is wholly or partly forfeited , or taken for the payment of fines or costs , you must repay the corresponding amount to us without delay .
if the guarantee or deposit is wholly or partly forfeited , or taken for the payment of fines or costs , you must repay the [matching] amount to us without delay .

Function and concept relating to skills of management , units corresponding to five teaching hours each .
function and concept relating to skills of management , units [matching] to five teaching hours each .

The corresponding obligations ( net of finance charges ) are included in creditors .
the [matching] obligations ( net of finance charges ) are included in creditors .

corresponding courses — tuition material and test marking .
[matching] courses — tuition material and test marking .

September 1991 saw an increase of 18 % in undergraduate entry into Semester 1 course and a corresponding increase into Semester 1–4 courses of 12 % , compared to a year earlier .
september 1991 saw an increase of 18 % in undergraduate entry into semester 1 course and a [matching] increase into semester 1–4 courses of 12 % , compared to a year earlier .

The words come from one of the in-depth interviews carried out by George Street Research , as part of our extensive survey of 418 businesses corresponding to the overall profile of Scotland 's industrial and commercial community , and are considered representative of its attitudes to and uses of solicitors ' services .
the words come from one of the in-depth interviews carried out by george street research , as part of our extensive survey of 418 businesses [matching] to the overall profile of scotland 's industrial and commercial community , and are considered representative of its attitudes to and uses of solicitors ' services .

Pupils were told to press the corresponding answer area on the concept keyboard as quickly as they could .
pupils were told to press the [matching] answer area on the concept keyboard as quickly as they could .

Whenever there was an increase in time spent on that area described as ‘ other ’ in the analysis sheet , there appeared to be a corresponding decrease in time with pupils and on curriculum development .
whenever there was an increase in time spent on that area described as ‘ other ’ in the analysis sheet , there appeared to be a [matching] decrease in time with pupils and on curriculum development .

Expressed in terms of individual psychology , the danger was one of dissolution of the painfully acquired superego and corresponding regression in the ego .
expressed in terms of individual psychology , the danger was one of dissolution of the painfully acquired superego and [matching] regression in the ego .

But we have also seen that in the species the order of the corresponding stages of cultural development was different : phallic-oral-anal .
but we have also seen that in the species the order of the [matching] stages of cultural development was different : phallic-oral-anal .

Certainly , the social psychoanalysis of the oral aspects of the cultural superego seems far easier than the corresponding attempts to analyse pre-Oedipal oral superego elements in the development of the child where the crucial phenomena have occurred long before the acquisition of language , and where analytic ‘ reconstructions ’ are more likely to reflect the theoretical expectations of the analyst than they do the reality .
certainly , the social psychoanalysis of the oral aspects of the cultural superego seems far easier than the [matching] attempts to analyse pre-oedipal oral superego elements in the development of the child where the crucial phenomena have occurred long before the acquisition of language , and where analytic ‘ reconstructions ’ are more likely to reflect the theoretical expectations of the analyst than they do the reality .

Harrison ( 1980 ) claims that all advanced societies have experienced corporatism to some degree in this respect , as all have suffered a growth in the influence of public bureaucracies and political executives and a ‘ corresponding ’ decline in parliamentary control .
harrison ( 1980 ) claims that all advanced societies have experienced corporatism to some degree in this respect , as all have suffered a growth in the influence of public bureaucracies and political executives and a ‘ [matching] ’ decline in parliamentary control .

The bureaucracy is more analogous to groupings found in traditional societies , such as estates , than to class , with the fusion of economy and politics ; the authoritative allocation of positions in a hierarchy of ranks ; and the specification by rules of the duties and privileges corresponding to rank .
the bureaucracy is more analogous to groupings found in traditional societies , such as estates , than to class , with the fusion of economy and politics ; the authoritative allocation of positions in a hierarchy of ranks ; and the specification by rules of the duties and privileges [matching] to rank .

What effect does the management of ‘ a complex and fluid class structure corresponding to the still incomplete evolved interrelationship of the capitalist and non-capitalist modes of production ’ ( Leys 1975 , p. 209 ) have on the bureaucracy ?
what effect does the management of ‘ a complex and fluid class structure [matching] to the still incomplete evolved interrelationship of the capitalist and non-capitalist modes of production ’ ( leys 1975 , p. 209 ) have on the bureaucracy ?

Weber associated this type of rule and its corresponding form of administration with the government of modern states and the power relations in private enterprise , public corporations and voluntary associations : ‘ private enterprise , however , is autonomous in its increasingly bureaucratic organization of management ’ .
weber associated this type of rule and its [matching] form of administration with the government of modern states and the power relations in private enterprise , public corporations and voluntary associations : ‘ private enterprise , however , is autonomous in its increasingly bureaucratic organization of management ’ .

Each data point in Figs 4 to 9 represent the mean of two experiments and the results from the ascending and descending colon in corresponding patients are joined by lines in Figs 4 to 6 .
each data point in figs 4 to 9 represent the mean of two experiments and the results from the ascending and descending colon in [matching] patients are joined by lines in figs 4 to 6 .

Although the serum antigliadin antibody-IgA value was more closely related to the study phase , a negative result could still be found in coeliac disease patients challenged with 500 mg/day of gliadin , a dose corresponding to a ‘ visible ’ amount of daily gluten containing food ( approximately 12.5 g of wheat flour ) .
although the serum antigliadin antibody-iga value was more closely related to the study phase , a negative result could still be found in coeliac disease patients challenged with 500 mg/day of gliadin , a dose [matching] to a ‘ visible ’ amount of daily gluten containing food ( approximately 12.5 g of wheat flour ) .

This represented a significant increase in Gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding decrease in royal authority .
this represented a significant increase in gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a [matching] decrease in royal authority .

Coeliac disease : characterisation of monoclonal antibodies raised against a synthetic peptide corresponding to amino acid residues 206–217 of A-gliadin
coeliac disease : characterisation of monoclonal antibodies raised against a synthetic peptide [matching] to amino acid residues 206–217 of a-gliadin

Monoclonal antibodies have been raised against a synthetic peptide corresponding to this part of A-gliadin and their cross reactivities with prolamins that are toxic and non-toxic to patients with coeliac disease have been investigated .
monoclonal antibodies have been raised against a synthetic peptide [matching] to this part of a-gliadin and their cross reactivities with prolamins that are toxic and non-toxic to patients with coeliac disease have been investigated .

In our case the field strength of the Nottingham home built imaging system utilises a 0.52 tesla superconductive magnet , corresponding to a resonance frequency for protons of 22 MHz .
in our case the field strength of the nottingham home built imaging system utilises a 0.52 tesla superconductive magnet , [matching] to a resonance frequency for protons of 22 mhz .

On the day after the last ingested omeprazole dose , basal serum gastrin ( 26 ( 6 ) pM ) , meal stimulated peak serum gastrin ( 78 ( 10 ) pM ) , and integrated meal stimulated serum gastrin concentrations ( 255 ( 40 ) pM/hour ) were still significantly ( p < 0.02 ) higher than corresponding values during placebo treatment , but the values were not significantly different from the corresponding values on day five of omeprazole treatment ( Figs 1–3 ) .
on the day after the last ingested omeprazole dose , basal serum gastrin ( 26 ( 6 ) pm ) , meal stimulated peak serum gastrin ( 78 ( 10 ) pm ) , and integrated meal stimulated serum gastrin concentrations ( 255 ( 40 ) pm/hour ) were still significantly ( p < 0.02 ) higher than [matching] values during placebo treatment , but the values were not significantly different from the [matching] values on day five of omeprazole treatment ( figs 1–3 ) .

The mean values were considerably increased above the corresponding reference intervals during the first three days in the intensive care unit .
the mean values were considerably increased above the [matching] reference intervals during the first three days in the intensive care unit .

Global scores including macroscopic and histological data were plotted against doses of HCl and the curves of duodenal resistance to acid corresponding to the three dietary groups were drawn by polynomial regression analysis .
global scores including macroscopic and histological data were plotted against doses of hcl and the curves of duodenal resistance to acid [matching] to the three dietary groups were drawn by polynomial regression analysis .

When the war went badly , however , there were corresponding losses .
when the war went badly , however , there were [matching] losses .

Serum beta-carotene ( as geometric means ) is displayed for nine strata , corresponding to combinations of country of birth and smoking status of 750 subjects .
serum beta-carotene ( as geometric means ) is displayed for nine strata , [matching] to combinations of country of birth and smoking status of 750 subjects .

If each local community offered a different menu of public goods expenditures , then each individual could be thought to select the local community that provided a level of output corresponding to his or her preferences .
if each local community offered a different menu of public goods expenditures , then each individual could be thought to select the local community that provided a level of output [matching] to his or her preferences .

These are modules which are referenced from packages in the primary directory but for which there is no corresponding file in the primary directory .
these are modules which are referenced from packages in the primary directory but for which there is no [matching] file in the primary directory .

Also included in Module Relations is the package module itself and its corresponding file name , to ensure that package operations are consistent ; i.e .
also included in module relations is the package module itself and its [matching] file name , to ensure that package operations are consistent ; i.e .

Certain initial keywords have corresponding closing keywords ; e.g .
certain initial keywords have [matching] closing keywords ; e.g .

Each field has a name and space for typing in the corresponding data , and the user progresses from field to field under program control .
each field has a name and space for typing in the [matching] data , and the user progresses from field to field under program control .

This may be blank if the field has no corresponding name .
this may be blank if the field has no [matching] name .

The scrolled area allows you to input the new module names and their corresponding type .
the scrolled area allows you to input the new module names and their [matching] type .

This column will shown the assessment status for the corresponding user . The status will be be one of :
this column will shown the assessment status for the [matching] user . the status will be be one of :

This column allows the issue number of the first version of the corresponding package to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the first version of the [matching] package to be entered .

This column allows the issue number of the last version of the corresponding package to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the last version of the [matching] package to be entered .

Certain initial keywords have corresponding closing keywords ; e.g .
certain initial keywords have [matching] closing keywords ; e.g .

The package to be submitted for approval , or already submitted for approval , does not reference the modules listed on the corresponding Design Changes ( DCs ) .
the package to be submitted for approval , or already submitted for approval , does not reference the modules listed on the [matching] design changes ( dcs ) .

The package to be submitted for approval ( or already submitted for approval ) does not reference the modules listed on the corresponding Design Changes ( DCs ) .
the package to be submitted for approval ( or already submitted for approval ) does not reference the modules listed on the [matching] design changes ( dcs ) .

In general terms , renewed population growth and the corresponding rapid rise in the price of foodstuffs during the sixteenth century benefited the larger farmers ( for they were able to produce a surplus for the market ) and worsened the purchasing position of farm labourers whose relative wages sank as prices rose .
in general terms , renewed population growth and the [matching] rapid rise in the price of foodstuffs during the sixteenth century benefited the larger farmers ( for they were able to produce a surplus for the market ) and worsened the purchasing position of farm labourers whose relative wages sank as prices rose .

The earliest visitors 23,000 a day-were advised to eschew the winding staircase of 1792 steps ( corresponding to the year of the Proclamation of the Republic ) .
the earliest visitors 23,000 a day-were advised to eschew the winding staircase of 1792 steps ( [matching] to the year of the proclamation of the republic ) .

Enthalpies of fusion are much lower than the enthalpies of vaporisation of the corresponding liquids .
enthalpies of fusion are much lower than the enthalpies of vaporisation of the [matching] liquids .

Figure 6.19 is the corresponding diagram for a non-ideal solution which exhibits negative deviation from Raoult 's law .
figure 6.19 is the [matching] diagram for a non-ideal solution which exhibits negative deviation from raoult 's law .

When asked to reach for these objects , subjects make corresponding errors .
when asked to reach for these objects , subjects make [matching] errors .

The next phase involved giving the subject a surprise memory test in which s/he was given a list of 80 words — ; the original plus 40 distractors of a similar type — ; and was asked to tick the boxes corresponding to the words which s/he recognised as those presented in the tachistoscope .
the next phase involved giving the subject a surprise memory test in which s/he was given a list of 80 words — ; the original plus 40 distractors of a similar type — ; and was asked to tick the boxes [matching] to the words which s/he recognised as those presented in the tachistoscope .

Total imports of crude oil in the first 10 months of 1989 were 2,380,000 tonnes less than in the corresponding period in 1988 , but cost $ 36,970,000 more .
total imports of crude oil in the first 10 months of 1989 were 2,380,000 tonnes less than in the [matching] period in 1988 , but cost $ 36,970,000 more .

In the corresponding Republican primary the incumbent governor , Bob Martinez , defeated four opponents to secure his party 's nomination for the second time .
in the [matching] republican primary the incumbent governor , bob martinez , defeated four opponents to secure his party 's nomination for the second time .

There were 15 constituencies corresponding to the country 's 15 administrative Bezirke ( regions ) , the number of deputies in each being determined by the population in each case .
there were 15 constituencies [matching] to the country 's 15 administrative bezirke ( regions ) , the number of deputies in each being determined by the population in each case .

The government had in November 1989 ( after the incorporation of a number of modifications to the detail of the new scheme ) indicated that the average community charge per person for 1990-91 in England would be £278 , with a corresponding average of £173 in Wales .
the government had in november 1989 ( after the incorporation of a number of modifications to the detail of the new scheme ) indicated that the average community charge per person for 1990-91 in england would be £278 , with a [matching] average of £173 in wales .

Electoral alliances created groupings corresponding to the West German parties , and West German politicians from all the major parties appeared at election rallies .
electoral alliances created groupings [matching] to the west german parties , and west german politicians from all the major parties appeared at election rallies .

Markets in exchange traded futures are much more `` transparent `` than the corresponding over the counter markets : the prices at which a future can be purchased are publicly available , and are the same for everyone .
markets in exchange traded futures are much more `` transparent `` than the [matching] over the counter markets : the prices at which a future can be purchased are publicly available , and are the same for everyone .

When the current spot price of the underlying asset exceeds the exercise price of a call option , the option is said to be `` in the money `` ( a corresponding put option would be `` out of the money `` ) .
when the current spot price of the underlying asset exceeds the exercise price of a call option , the option is said to be `` in the money `` ( a [matching] put option would be `` out of the money `` ) .

Whereas Fredegar relates the tale of the encounter with the Quinotaur , in the corresponding section of his Histories the bishop of Tours has an outburst against idolatry .
whereas fredegar relates the tale of the encounter with the quinotaur , in the [matching] section of his histories the bishop of tours has an outburst against idolatry .

If the clearing banks ' balances are above target — that is , if the final clearing on the previous day left the clearers with balances at the Bank above those which they desire to keep in order to meet day-to-day requirements — then there will be a corresponding easing of the market 's cash position .
if the clearing banks ' balances are above target — that is , if the final clearing on the previous day left the clearers with balances at the bank above those which they desire to keep in order to meet day-to-day requirements — then there will be a [matching] easing of the market 's cash position .

Thus when she saw the priests kneel in darkness lit only by burning torches , to place the crucifix and Host in the Easter sepulchre to symbolise the darkness of the physical death and burial of Christ prior to the joy of resurrection , this ritual precipitated her inner sense of the significance of the Passion and a corresponding outpouring of love and compassion in tears as she spread her arms like her crucified Lord .
thus when she saw the priests kneel in darkness lit only by burning torches , to place the crucifix and host in the easter sepulchre to symbolise the darkness of the physical death and burial of christ prior to the joy of resurrection , this ritual precipitated her inner sense of the significance of the passion and a [matching] outpouring of love and compassion in tears as she spread her arms like her crucified lord .

Sometimes it appears that the mere act of measuring them in order to manufacture a candle of corresponding dimensions to burn at the tomb was sufficient to effect the cure .
sometimes it appears that the mere act of measuring them in order to manufacture a candle of [matching] dimensions to burn at the tomb was sufficient to effect the cure .

They were also inclined to distinguish reason from imagination and to regard the latter as a sensual quality corresponding to the animal nature of man whereas intellect corresponded to his divine nature .
they were also inclined to distinguish reason from imagination and to regard the latter as a sensual quality [matching] to the animal nature of man whereas intellect corresponded to his divine nature .

Nevertheless , from my point of view , by far the greater part of this material is completely misleading because it fails to take account of the fact that while kinship words in most European languages are applied , with rare exceptions , only to relationships within the private domain and thus have quite specific meanings , the corresponding words in most other languages are highly polysemic .
nevertheless , from my point of view , by far the greater part of this material is completely misleading because it fails to take account of the fact that while kinship words in most european languages are applied , with rare exceptions , only to relationships within the private domain and thus have quite specific meanings , the [matching] words in most other languages are highly polysemic .

The `` language `` in which these assertions are made is only special in that it uses money as a social indicator where the corresponding symbolism of other economic systems might use something quite different .
the `` language `` in which these assertions are made is only special in that it uses money as a social indicator where the [matching] symbolism of other economic systems might use something quite different .

The debts shown in the Accounts relating to the Business ( less the amount of any provision or reserve calculated on the same basis as that applied in the corresponding accounts for the preceding three financial years ) were good and collectable in full in the ordinary course of business and have or will realise the net amount thereof .
the debts shown in the accounts relating to the business ( less the amount of any provision or reserve calculated on the same basis as that applied in the [matching] accounts for the preceding three financial years ) were good and collectable in full in the ordinary course of business and have or will realise the net amount thereof .

It is clear from the analysis of both statistical sources and from the questionnaire that although there has been a steady decline in larger manufacturing organisations , there has been a corresponding increase in much smaller manufacturing companies .
it is clear from the analysis of both statistical sources and from the questionnaire that although there has been a steady decline in larger manufacturing organisations , there has been a [matching] increase in much smaller manufacturing companies .

The basic premise of the project is that an economic variable 's seasonal pattern arises from a corresponding pattern in the behaviour of the economic agents .
the basic premise of the project is that an economic variable 's seasonal pattern arises from a [matching] pattern in the behaviour of the economic agents .

Although a great deal of work has been done in the historical demography of the developed world relatively little research has been carried out in relation to the corresponding ( i.e .
although a great deal of work has been done in the historical demography of the developed world relatively little research has been carried out in relation to the [matching] ( i.e .

This technique was applied to data from the 1981 Greater London Transportation Survey , which were just becoming available , and the corresponding 1971 survey .
this technique was applied to data from the 1981 greater london transportation survey , which were just becoming available , and the [matching] 1971 survey .

Not only do numbers diminish with distance , but it can be shown that there is a statistical over-selection of spouses who live close and corresponding under-selection of those who live far away .
not only do numbers diminish with distance , but it can be shown that there is a statistical over-selection of spouses who live close and [matching] under-selection of those who live far away .

He believed he had been booked in the corresponding match against Lithuania in Belfast last year — or possibly against Albania .
he believed he had been booked in the [matching] match against lithuania in belfast last year — or possibly against albania .

During April , heifer imports fell by 77pc on the corresponding month last year ; store bullock numbers dropped by 41pc and steers by 8pc .
during april , heifer imports fell by 77pc on the [matching] month last year ; store bullock numbers dropped by 41pc and steers by 8pc .

Taxable profits in the half-year soared to £324.6m compared with £204.7m in the corresponding period in 1991 .
taxable profits in the half-year soared to £324.6m compared with £204.7m in the [matching] period in 1991 .

Although the rated pole winding current depends only on the acceptable temperature rise , the corresponding rated phase current also depends 01 , the inter-connection , as shown in Table 1.1 : The rated phase voltage is the voltage which must be applied at the phase terminals to circulate the rated current in the windings .
although the rated pole winding current depends only on the acceptable temperature rise , the [matching] rated phase current also depends 01 , the inter-connection , as shown in table 1.1 : the rated phase voltage is the voltage which must be applied at the phase terminals to circulate the rated current in the windings .

In this case the resistances ate equal , so half the stored energy ( 0.04 1 ) is dissipated in the freewheeling resistance each time the corresponding phase is turned off .
in this case the resistances ate equal , so half the stored energy ( 0.04 1 ) is dissipated in the freewheeling resistance each time the [matching] phase is turned off .

Strictly speaking the peak static torque is a function of phase current , but it is often quoted as a single value corresponding to the rated phase current .
strictly speaking the peak static torque is a function of phase current , but it is often quoted as a single value [matching] to the rated phase current .

The expression can only produce a constant term if both and have equal frequencies and , since has only a fundamental component , it is the corresponding component of which is required .
the expression can only produce a constant term if both and have equal frequencies and , since has only a fundamental component , it is the [matching] component of which is required .

If the constant clock frequency is set too high the motor is unable to accelerate the load inertia to the corresponding stepping rate and the system either fails to operate at all or loses steps at the start of its travel .
if the constant clock frequency is set too high the motor is unable to accelerate the load inertia to the [matching] stepping rate and the system either fails to operate at all or loses steps at the start of its travel .

The static position error can be deduced from the torque/position characteristic by drawing the line corresponding to a torque of 0.1 Nm .
the static position error can be deduced from the torque/position characteristic by drawing the line [matching] to a torque of 0.1 nm .

Initially the switching between phases occurs at the rotor positions corresponding to positive `` crossovers `` of the characteristics , so the motor is developing the pullout torque and the excitation sequence is .
initially the switching between phases occurs at the rotor positions [matching] to positive `` crossovers `` of the characteristics , so the motor is developing the pullout torque and the excitation sequence is .

Although a stepping motor is magnetically saturated at the rated current , larger currents can still improve the motor torque and the corresponding rates of acceleration and deceleration .
although a stepping motor is magnetically saturated at the rated current , larger currents can still improve the motor torque and the [matching] rates of acceleration and deceleration .

In the illustration the trial phase is turned on for fixed times and the rate of current rise , and corresponding rotor position , is deduced from the current level attained at the end of the trial .
in the illustration the trial phase is turned on for fixed times and the rate of current rise , and [matching] rotor position , is deduced from the current level attained at the end of the trial .

The essential feature of these systems is that the microprocessor program produces a `` result `` and the stepping motor must then move the load to the position corresponding to this `` result `` .
the essential feature of these systems is that the microprocessor program produces a `` result `` and the stepping motor must then move the load to the position [matching] to this `` result `` .

In this simple approach to open.loop control there are three basic control functions : ( a ) stepping rate : sets the motor speed , which must be less than the start/stop rate , ( h ) phase sequencing : ensures that the motor phases are excited in the order corresponding to the required direction of rotation , ( c ) step counting : records the number of steps taken by the motor and inhibits the step commands when the target position is attained .
in this simple approach to open.loop control there are three basic control functions : ( a ) stepping rate : sets the motor speed , which must be less than the start/stop rate , ( h ) phase sequencing : ensures that the motor phases are excited in the order [matching] to the required direction of rotation , ( c ) step counting : records the number of steps taken by the motor and inhibits the step commands when the target position is attained .

For any stepping rate limit the motor torque can be read-off the torque/speed characteristic and the corresponding rate of acceleration calculated from : Acceleration = motor torque/inertia In general the motor is able to decelerate faster than it can accelerate , but if a single p is to control both acceleration and deceleration the ramp rate must be shed to the acceleration rate .
for any stepping rate limit the motor torque can be read-off the torque/speed characteristic and the [matching] rate of acceleration calculated from : acceleration = motor torque/inertia in general the motor is able to decelerate faster than it can accelerate , but if a single p is to control both acceleration and deceleration the ramp rate must be shed to the acceleration rate .

There are usually three rugose arm spines from the first tentacle pore situated ventrally on the arm ; their position corresponding with the bands of hooks .
there are usually three rugose arm spines from the first tentacle pore situated ventrally on the arm ; their position [matching] with the bands of hooks .

Having thus concluded that it is Mehmed Sah , not his father , to whom the list entry corresponding to the year 832 ( 833 ? )
having thus concluded that it is mehmed sah , not his father , to whom the list entry [matching] to the year 832 ( 833 ? )

Husameddin likewise largely ignores the difficulties posed to his argument by the actual names given in the chronological list he uses , namely `` Shams al-Din sultan al- `` ulema Fenari-oglu `` in the entry corresponding to 833 and `` sultan al- `` ulema Muhammad Shah Pasha `` in that corresponding to 839 .
husameddin likewise largely ignores the difficulties posed to his argument by the actual names given in the chronological list he uses , namely `` shams al-din sultan al- `` ulema fenari-oglu `` in the entry [matching] to 833 and `` sultan al- `` ulema muhammad shah pasha `` in that [matching] to 839 .

Do real crystals have something corresponding to hereditary mutation ?
do real crystals have something [matching] to hereditary mutation ?

In effect it was a return to the conditions of mid-Silurian times , with a corresponding decrease in provincialism , but it lasted longer and led to the fantastic flowering of the Frasnian reefs .
in effect it was a return to the conditions of mid-silurian times , with a [matching] decrease in provincialism , but it lasted longer and led to the fantastic flowering of the frasnian reefs .

Listen to a car passing on the road : as the car is approaching , its engine sounds at a higher pitch ( corresponding to a higher frequency of sound waves ) , and when it passes and goes away , it sounds at a lower pitch .
listen to a car passing on the road : as the car is approaching , its engine sounds at a higher pitch ( [matching] to a higher frequency of sound waves ) , and when it passes and goes away , it sounds at a lower pitch .

The remarkable thing is that one gets exactly the same kind of fringes if one replaces the source of light by a source of particles such as electrons with a definite speed ( this means that the corresponding waves have a definite length ) .
the remarkable thing is that one gets exactly the same kind of fringes if one replaces the source of light by a source of particles such as electrons with a definite speed ( this means that the [matching] waves have a definite length ) .

As we saw in the last chapter , quantum mechanics tells us that all particles are in fact waves , and that the higher the energy of a particle , the smaller the wavelength of the corresponding wave .
as we saw in the last chapter , quantum mechanics tells us that all particles are in fact waves , and that the higher the energy of a particle , the smaller the wavelength of the [matching] wave .

In the classical theory of general relativity , there are many different possible curved space-times , each corresponding to a different initial state of the universe .
in the classical theory of general relativity , there are many different possible curved space-times , each [matching] to a different initial state of the universe .

As one moves south , the circles of latitude at constant distance from the North Pole get bigger , corresponding to the universe expanding with imaginary time ( Fig .
as one moves south , the circles of latitude at constant distance from the north pole get bigger , [matching] to the universe expanding with imaginary time ( fig .

Such a variation in scale can often be matched by a corresponding degree of ‘ romanization ’ , as in the timber examples at Great Chesterford with their tessellated floors and painted wall plaster .
such a variation in scale can often be matched by a [matching] degree of ‘ romanization ’ , as in the timber examples at great chesterford with their tessellated floors and painted wall plaster .

The corresponding evidence for textile manufacture and treatment on a commercial basis is everywhere lacking in Britain , except for the possible cloth-finisher 's or dyer 's shop at Chelmsford , which contained several hearths and a large tile structure identified as a vat .
the [matching] evidence for textile manufacture and treatment on a commercial basis is everywhere lacking in britain , except for the possible cloth-finisher 's or dyer 's shop at chelmsford , which contained several hearths and a large tile structure identified as a vat .

The statutory terms ( as to title , description , quality and sample ) implied by sections 2–5 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 are dealt with in the same way as the corresponding terms implied in contracts of sale of goods .
the statutory terms ( as to title , description , quality and sample ) implied by sections 2–5 of the supply of goods and services act 1982 are dealt with in the same way as the [matching] terms implied in contracts of sale of goods .

The only other problem was found with the speaker support bracket which had no screw hole or a corresponding hole in the case to fix it to .
the only other problem was found with the speaker support bracket which had no screw hole or a [matching] hole in the case to fix it to .

The Easy Boot main screen consists of fifteen buttons , each one corresponding to a boot-up configuration .
the easy boot main screen consists of fifteen buttons , each one [matching] to a boot-up configuration .

In this version of 1-2-3 you have to substitute the cell reference of the first cell in the corresponding field when you do this .
in this version of 1-2-3 you have to substitute the cell reference of the first cell in the [matching] field when you do this .

Professor Peter Warren of the Classics Department has been elected a Corresponding Member of the Society for Cretan Historical Studies .
professor peter warren of the classics department has been elected a [matching] member of the society for cretan historical studies .

This allowed them to include in their theory dissimilarities in free volume between polymer and solvent , together with the corresponding interactions .
this allowed them to include in their theory dissimilarities in free volume between polymer and solvent , together with the [matching] interactions .

The corresponding values of the second virial coefficient are obtained from the slopes of the plots ( table 9.1 ) .
the [matching] values of the second virial coefficient are obtained from the slopes of the plots ( table 9.1 ) .

For more polar polymers , specific solvent effects become more pronounced and extrapolations have to be regarded with corresponding caution .
for more polar polymers , specific solvent effects become more pronounced and extrapolations have to be regarded with [matching] caution .

In the polydienes the difference between 1,2- and 1,4-addition can be distinguished on examination of the resonance peaks corresponding to terminal olefinic protons , found at , and non-terminal olefinic protons observed at .
in the polydienes the difference between 1,2- and 1,4-addition can be distinguished on examination of the resonance peaks [matching] to terminal olefinic protons , found at , and non-terminal olefinic protons observed at .

If this can be done for an amorphous sample and a corresponding sample which is highly crystalline , a relative measure of crystallinity for other samples of the same polymer can be obtained .
if this can be done for an amorphous sample and a [matching] sample which is highly crystalline , a relative measure of crystallinity for other samples of the same polymer can be obtained .

When a substance undergoes a physical or chemical change a corresponding change in enthalpy is observed .
when a substance undergoes a physical or chemical change a [matching] change in enthalpy is observed .

Typical dimensions of the remaining crystallites were 46 nm long by 7.3 nm wide corresponding to bundles of about 100 to 150 chains in each crystallite .
typical dimensions of the remaining crystallites were 46 nm long by 7.3 nm wide [matching] to bundles of about 100 to 150 chains in each crystallite .

Rapid nucleation is a zeroth-order process in which the growth centres are formed at the same time , and for each growth unit listed in table 11.3 , the corresponding values of the exponent would be .
rapid nucleation is a zeroth-order process in which the growth centres are formed at the same time , and for each growth unit listed in table 11.3 , the [matching] values of the exponent would be .

For liquids the corresponding statement is known as Newton 's law , with the stress now independent of the strain , but proportional to the rate of strain .
for liquids the [matching] statement is known as newton 's law , with the stress now independent of the strain , but proportional to the rate of strain .

From the curves it can be seen that there is a rapid change in log over a narrow range of temperature corresponding to the glass transition .
from the curves it can be seen that there is a rapid change in log over a narrow range of temperature [matching] to the glass transition .

It should also be noted that if complex moduli are used the corresponding complex compliances are given by .
it should also be noted that if complex moduli are used the [matching] complex compliances are given by .

Thus the application of a stress to the molecule will cause distortion , by altering the equilibrium conformation to a less probable one , resulting in a decrease in the entropy and a corresponding increase in the free energy of the system .
thus the application of a stress to the molecule will cause distortion , by altering the equilibrium conformation to a less probable one , resulting in a decrease in the entropy and a [matching] increase in the free energy of the system .

Although the traditional concept of the map is changing , paper maps will continue to be widely used , because their use requires low technology ( a pair of eyes , or even one eye ) , they are cheap to produce in large quantities , easy to store , and are well understood by the map-using community , although there is some evidence that many people are unable to relate the pattern on a map to the corresponding real-world features .
although the traditional concept of the map is changing , paper maps will continue to be widely used , because their use requires low technology ( a pair of eyes , or even one eye ) , they are cheap to produce in large quantities , easy to store , and are well understood by the map-using community , although there is some evidence that many people are unable to relate the pattern on a map to the [matching] real-world features .

These circles are spaced so that the area between any adjacent pair of circles ( representing lines of latitude ) is proportional to the corresponding area on the Earth .
these circles are spaced so that the area between any adjacent pair of circles ( representing lines of latitude ) is proportional to the [matching] area on the earth .

Figure 5.5 The wavelength of a symmetric curve is the distance between corresponding points on adjacent waves .
figure 5.5 the wavelength of a symmetric curve is the distance between [matching] points on adjacent waves .

This registered image is derived by taking the x , y map coordinates of points corresponding to pixel centres on the registered image and locating the point on the raw image .
this registered image is derived by taking the x , y map coordinates of points [matching] to pixel centres on the registered image and locating the point on the raw image .

The corresponding credit entries go to the asset account concerned , reducing the written down value , and to a depreciation reserve account .
the [matching] credit entries go to the asset account concerned , reducing the written down value , and to a depreciation reserve account .

Gould resigned from the service of the Zoological Society but agreed to act as a ‘ corresponding Member ’ , so that his letters and discoveries could be read aloud at the meetings and published in the proceedings .
gould resigned from the service of the zoological society but agreed to act as a ‘ [matching] member ’ , so that his letters and discoveries could be read aloud at the meetings and published in the proceedings .

Along with these are associated pointers containing the addresses of the record ( s ) with those corresponding field values .
along with these are associated pointers containing the addresses of the record ( s ) with those [matching] field values .

Again there is a corresponding mean , as there is with all of these measures .
again there is a [matching] mean , as there is with all of these measures .

The corresponding quantities are called the reflectance , absorptance and transmittance of the canopy .
the [matching] quantities are called the reflectance , absorptance and transmittance of the canopy .

The readings are of plant subjects except where they are labelled ‘ soil ’ and each reading is followed by a corresponding reading from a standard grey card , for example 0.22 ( 0.37 ) .
the readings are of plant subjects except where they are labelled ‘ soil ’ and each reading is followed by a [matching] reading from a standard grey card , for example 0.22 ( 0.37 ) .

The values in brackets are the corresponding grey card readings .
the values in brackets are the [matching] grey card readings .

The blackout point ( or level ) corresponding to a given camera position , background , subject material , waveband filter and illumination is the lowest exposure at which subject material is detected by the camera .
the blackout point ( or level ) [matching] to a given camera position , background , subject material , waveband filter and illumination is the lowest exposure at which subject material is detected by the camera .

Most of the readings taken were with exposures corresponding to a reasonably representative image as displayed on the monitor screen .
most of the readings taken were with exposures [matching] to a reasonably representative image as displayed on the monitor screen .

Finally the plant measure is normalised with respect to a corresponding reference measure — the measure of a fixed card of known area .
finally the plant measure is normalised with respect to a [matching] reference measure — the measure of a fixed card of known area .

The measurements are printed on a new page and will appear at an interval corresponding to the chosen degree of averaging , and also at intervals of approximately one hour and one day .
the measurements are printed on a new page and will appear at an interval [matching] to the chosen degree of averaging , and also at intervals of approximately one hour and one day .

There are also messages corresponding to visible material in the subject area or the absence of material in the reference area ( which in either case could be an out-of-position reference card ) .
there are also messages [matching] to visible material in the subject area or the absence of material in the reference area ( which in either case could be an out-of-position reference card ) .

Assigns and saves in an array a set of measures corresponding to a set of consecutive integer exposure values .
assigns and saves in an array a set of measures [matching] to a set of consecutive integer exposure values .

The procedure first maps the given interval onto the standard interval [ -1,1 ] and then forms an integrand in discrete form by multiplying the input DiscreteFunc by the Legendre polynomial of the appropriate degree evaluated at the corresponding exposure .
the procedure first maps the given interval onto the standard interval [ -1,1 ] and then forms an integrand in discrete form by multiplying the input discretefunc by the legendre polynomial of the appropriate degree evaluated at the [matching] exposure .

This is obtained by translating to the standard interval [ -1,1 ] , multiplying the corresponding function by the Legendre polynomial of degree n and integrating over the interval .
this is obtained by translating to the standard interval [ -1,1 ] , multiplying the [matching] function by the legendre polynomial of degree n and integrating over the interval .

If the constants defining message sizes msgSize , lMsgSize are changed then the corresponding messages must be changed accordingly and these occur at several points in the program .
if the constants defining message sizes msgsize , lmsgsize are changed then the [matching] messages must be changed accordingly and these occur at several points in the program .

Of course , changing the logic of the corresponding conditions can have the same effect .
of course , changing the logic of the [matching] conditions can have the same effect .

Possibly the occasional spurious light ray causes a corresponding bad reading whose error is averaged out .
possibly the occasional spurious light ray causes a [matching] bad reading whose error is averaged out .

The simplest answer to these questions is perhaps an empirical one — to compare the measurements obtained with a profile obtained from corresponding destructive measurements using a leaf area machine .
the simplest answer to these questions is perhaps an empirical one — to compare the measurements obtained with a profile obtained from [matching] destructive measurements using a leaf area machine .

Different initial distributions of human and physical capital across people will generate the different competitive equilibria corresponding to each of the possible Pareto-efficient allocations .
different initial distributions of human and physical capital across people will generate the different competitive equilibria [matching] to each of the possible pareto-efficient allocations .

To ask the Secretary of State for Energy what is his Department 's estimate of North sea oil reserves and how long it is anticipated they will last ; and what were the corresponding estimates five years ago .
to ask the secretary of state for energy what is his department 's estimate of north sea oil reserves and how long it is anticipated they will last ; and what were the [matching] estimates five years ago .

The corresponding estimate at 31 December 1990 , after production of 549 million tonnes in the intervening period , was 1,195 million tonnes .
the [matching] estimate at 31 december 1990 , after production of 549 million tonnes in the intervening period , was 1,195 million tonnes .

Corresponding figures for 17-year-olds were 58 and 29 per cent .
[matching] figures for 17-year-olds were 58 and 29 per cent .

higher than the corresponding period last year , and nearly 120 per cent .
higher than the [matching] period last year , and nearly 120 per cent .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health how many in-patients are waiting for longer than a year for treatment ; and what was the corresponding figure for 1979 .
to ask the secretary of state for health how many in-patients are waiting for longer than a year for treatment ; and what was the [matching] figure for 1979 .

The corresponding figures for 1991 were 17 per cent .
the [matching] figures for 1991 were 17 per cent .

He could quite easily have asked to meet me or my noble Friend the Under-Secretary of State for the Armed Forces — with whom he has been corresponding , as he said — at the Ministry of Defence , where we could have discussed the matter in a more suitable environment .
he could quite easily have asked to meet me or my noble friend the under-secretary of state for the armed forces — with whom he has been [matching] , as he said — at the ministry of defence , where we could have discussed the matter in a more suitable environment .

Obviously , the more detailed it is , the more stringent is the seller 's obligation to supply goods corresponding with it .
obviously , the more detailed it is , the more stringent is the seller 's obligation to supply goods [matching] with it .

The broad gauge lived on only in the Paddington to Penzance expresses , corresponding goods trains and services on feeder lines .
the broad gauge lived on only in the paddington to penzance expresses , [matching] goods trains and services on feeder lines .

Its expenses of production when any given amount of it is produced are thus the supply prices of the corresponding quantities of its factors of production .
its expenses of production when any given amount of it is produced are thus the supply prices of the [matching] quantities of its factors of production .

In other words , even without changes in the basic data of the market ( that is , in consumer tastes , technological possibilities and resource availabilities ) , the decisions made in one period of time generate systematic alterations in the corresponding decisions for the succeeding period .
in other words , even without changes in the basic data of the market ( that is , in consumer tastes , technological possibilities and resource availabilities ) , the decisions made in one period of time generate systematic alterations in the [matching] decisions for the succeeding period .

When the decisions of all market participants dovetail completely , so that each plan correctly assumes the corresponding plans of the other participants and no possibility exists for any altered plans that would be simultaneously preferred by the relevant participants , there is nothing left for the entrepreneur to do .
when the decisions of all market participants dovetail completely , so that each plan correctly assumes the [matching] plans of the other participants and no possibility exists for any altered plans that would be simultaneously preferred by the relevant participants , there is nothing left for the entrepreneur to do .

In these models the economy is assumed to be adjusting continuously rather than moving in discrete jumps at intervals ( annual or quarterly ) corresponding to the available data .
in these models the economy is assumed to be adjusting continuously rather than moving in discrete jumps at intervals ( annual or quarterly ) [matching] to the available data .

For example , it is predicted that certain kinds of ‘ life strategies ’ will be found most commonly in people in whom particular corresponding moods or emotions predominate , and that the more general the strategies are , the stronger their association will be with the emotional rather than the intellectual characteristics of the person .
for example , it is predicted that certain kinds of ‘ life strategies ’ will be found most commonly in people in whom particular [matching] moods or emotions predominate , and that the more general the strategies are , the stronger their association will be with the emotional rather than the intellectual characteristics of the person .

The pipes should be supported regularly with plastic pipe clips : for l5mm pipe this means every 1.2m ( 4ft ) for horizontal runs and every 1.8m ( 6ft ) for vertical runs ( corresponding figures for 22mm pipe are 1.8m and 2.4m/6ft and 8ft ) .
the pipes should be supported regularly with plastic pipe clips : for l5mm pipe this means every 1.2m ( 4ft ) for horizontal runs and every 1.8m ( 6ft ) for vertical runs ( [matching] figures for 22mm pipe are 1.8m and 2.4m/6ft and 8ft ) .

There is a similar departure from the notion of a fixed sequence of modes of production and their corresponding political and cultural forms in recent works which concentrate their attention upon specific types of political regime which do not necessarily fall within a single time span .
there is a similar departure from the notion of a fixed sequence of modes of production and their [matching] political and cultural forms in recent works which concentrate their attention upon specific types of political regime which do not necessarily fall within a single time span .

Substituting from this and the corresponding conditions for and ( see Eq .
substituting from this and the [matching] conditions for and ( see eq .

On the demand side , we may treat the two goods as corresponding to investment and consumption goods ( identical in production ) .
on the demand side , we may treat the two goods as [matching] to investment and consumption goods ( identical in production ) .

On the other hand , the after-tax interest rate corresponding to a given k is reduced by the tax , so that the previous equilibrium no longer holds .
on the other hand , the after-tax interest rate [matching] to a given k is reduced by the tax , so that the previous equilibrium no longer holds .

Exercise 9–1 Calculate the formula corresponding to ( 9–11 ) when endowments are correlated , and examine for likely values of the parameters the effect of the redistributive tax . How do the results change if one evaluates at ?
exercise 9–1 calculate the formula [matching] to ( 9–11 ) when endowments are correlated , and examine for likely values of the parameters the effect of the redistributive tax . how do the results change if one evaluates at ?

It is governed by the difference equations ( from ( 9–13 ) , ( 9–14 ) and ( 9–15 ) ) , It is assumed that the random terms , and , are independent across individuals , and that the population is sufficiently large that we can replace sample moments by the corresponding population moments , in this way moving from a stochastic to a distributional model .
it is governed by the difference equations ( from ( 9–13 ) , ( 9–14 ) and ( 9–15 ) ) , it is assumed that the random terms , and , are independent across individuals , and that the population is sufficiently large that we can replace sample moments by the [matching] population moments , in this way moving from a stochastic to a distributional model .

However , the example of private education demonstrates that absence of single-peakedness is far from pathological , and once we move to two dimensions the corresponding conditions are extremely restrictive : they are ‘ probably not significantly less restrictive than the condition of complete unanimity ’ ( Kramer , 1973 , p. 296 ) .
however , the example of private education demonstrates that absence of single-peakedness is far from pathological , and once we move to two dimensions the [matching] conditions are extremely restrictive : they are ‘ probably not significantly less restrictive than the condition of complete unanimity ’ ( kramer , 1973 , p. 296 ) .

Difference bands behave exactly like the corresponding combination bands as far as symmetry selection rules , band contours and polarization are concerned .
difference bands behave exactly like the [matching] combination bands as far as symmetry selection rules , band contours and polarization are concerned .

Consequently the difference frequency should be precisely equal to the difference between the frequencies of the corresponding fundamentals .
consequently the difference frequency should be precisely equal to the difference between the frequencies of the [matching] fundamentals .

At the other extreme , the numbers of bands observed may be used to deduce the symmetry of the molecule responsible for the spectrum , and the force constants corresponding to all the internal vibrations can be deduced from the frequencies themselves using a normal co-ordinate analysis .
at the other extreme , the numbers of bands observed may be used to deduce the symmetry of the molecule responsible for the spectrum , and the force constants [matching] to all the internal vibrations can be deduced from the frequencies themselves using a normal co-ordinate analysis .

There are n 2 distinct solutions of the wave equation for each value of n , and the corresponding orbitals are said to constitute a shell .
there are n 2 distinct solutions of the wave equation for each value of n , and the [matching] orbitals are said to constitute a shell .

Within each shell the orbitals are divided into sub-shells according to the value of the angular momentum quantum number l , which can take values from zero to ( n - 1 ) ; there are ( 21 + 1 ) orbitals in the sub-shell corresponding to a given value of l .
within each shell the orbitals are divided into sub-shells according to the value of the angular momentum quantum number l , which can take values from zero to ( n - 1 ) ; there are ( 21 + 1 ) orbitals in the sub-shell [matching] to a given value of l .

What we record in an X-ray photoelectron experiment is a spectrum of kinetic energies of ejected electrons , each corresponding to the binding energy of one core level in the sample .
what we record in an x-ray photoelectron experiment is a spectrum of kinetic energies of ejected electrons , each [matching] to the binding energy of one core level in the sample .

There is no cure for this , but fortunately it is usually found that such processes do not occur in some fraction of photoionization events , so that the observed spectrum contains at least some intensity in an unshifted line , accompanied by various ‘ satellites ’ corresponding to the energy loss processes .
there is no cure for this , but fortunately it is usually found that such processes do not occur in some fraction of photoionization events , so that the observed spectrum contains at least some intensity in an unshifted line , accompanied by various ‘ satellites ’ [matching] to the energy loss processes .

Ionization from the ground-state of the molecule then produces ions , most of which are in their vibrational ground-state , and we see a single sharp line with no progression ( corresponding to the 0 → 0 transition ) .
ionization from the ground-state of the molecule then produces ions , most of which are in their vibrational ground-state , and we see a single sharp line with no progression ( [matching] to the 0 → 0 transition ) .

This may be due to the overlapping of many vibration sub-bands , including hot bands corresponding to species in which low-frequency vibrations are excited .
this may be due to the overlapping of many vibration sub-bands , including hot bands [matching] to species in which low-frequency vibrations are excited .

Further extension to include 90 % of the curve yields the inclusive graphic standard deviation σ 1 , ( Folk & ward , 1957 ) , which uses the 5th and 95th percentiles to define a spread corresponding to 1·65 standard deviations on either side of the mean .
further extension to include 90 % of the curve yields the inclusive graphic standard deviation σ 1 , ( folk & ward , 1957 ) , which uses the 5th and 95th percentiles to define a spread [matching] to 1·65 standard deviations on either side of the mean .

Each slice is marked in waterproof felt-tip pen with the corresponding sample number and any ‘ way up ’ information .
each slice is marked in waterproof felt-tip pen with the [matching] sample number and any ‘ way up ’ information .

Yet he had been unable to deny , especially when alcohol had begun to leech the starch from his scholarly brain , that her avid interest in the distant doings of Everett , Morpurgo and the Tyrrell Society was inexplicable , unless it constituted a cause corresponding in some way to the effect of her disappearance .
yet he had been unable to deny , especially when alcohol had begun to leech the starch from his scholarly brain , that her avid interest in the distant doings of everett , morpurgo and the tyrrell society was inexplicable , unless it constituted a cause [matching] in some way to the effect of her disappearance .

Comparing Tables 3.4 and 3.5 we can see that sterling and ‘ other ’ liabilities are fairly closely matched by corresponding assets .
comparing tables 3.4 and 3.5 we can see that sterling and ‘ other ’ liabilities are fairly closely matched by [matching] assets .

Table 3.5 shows that sterling and non-sterling liabilities are quite closely matched by corresponding assets .
table 3.5 shows that sterling and non-sterling liabilities are quite closely matched by [matching] assets .

If banks in general are doing this , however , each individual bank will be receiving additional deposits and corresponding balances .
if banks in general are doing this , however , each individual bank will be receiving additional deposits and [matching] balances .

The income generated by the assets is accumulated and paid out at intervals , the amount paid on each unit again ( roughly ) corresponding to total income divided by the number of units in existence .
the income generated by the assets is accumulated and paid out at intervals , the amount paid on each unit again ( roughly ) [matching] to total income divided by the number of units in existence .

It is important to remember , therefore , when comparing returns on short-term instruments that a rate of discount will always be slightly less than the rate of interest giving the corresponding reward .
it is important to remember , therefore , when comparing returns on short-term instruments that a rate of discount will always be slightly less than the rate of interest giving the [matching] reward .

At that rate the flow of bank lending is , and the money supply is expanding at a corresponding rate .
at that rate the flow of bank lending is , and the money supply is expanding at a [matching] rate .

Lenders could get a rate of interest very close to that available on corresponding time deposits knowing , none the less , that they could recover use of the funds by selling the CDs .
lenders could get a rate of interest very close to that available on [matching] time deposits knowing , none the less , that they could recover use of the funds by selling the cds .

Corresponding to secondary moderns are secondary intermediate schools .
[matching] to secondary moderns are secondary intermediate schools .

Until the mid 1970s , Northern Ireland also had technical intermediate schools , corresponding to the English technical schools , but none exist now .
until the mid 1970s , northern ireland also had technical intermediate schools , [matching] to the english technical schools , but none exist now .

Figure 5.9 shows , for the whole of the United Kingdom , how the pattern of secondary school provision changed between 1971 and 1988 , with a decrease in the number of grammar , secondary modern and technical schools ( or their equivalents ) , and a corresponding increase in comprehensive and ‘ middle-deemed-secondary ’ schools .
figure 5.9 shows , for the whole of the united kingdom , how the pattern of secondary school provision changed between 1971 and 1988 , with a decrease in the number of grammar , secondary modern and technical schools ( or their equivalents ) , and a [matching] increase in comprehensive and ‘ middle-deemed-secondary ’ schools .

This shows a percentage decline since 1951 ( when the corresponding figure for boys was 29 % , or 38 % including direct grant schools ) ; during this period , there was a substantial increase in absolute numbers over the minimum leaving age in independent schools , but this was overshadowed by a much larger increase , proportionately as well as absolutely , in maintained schools .
this shows a percentage decline since 1951 ( when the [matching] figure for boys was 29 % , or 38 % including direct grant schools ) ; during this period , there was a substantial increase in absolute numbers over the minimum leaving age in independent schools , but this was overshadowed by a much larger increase , proportionately as well as absolutely , in maintained schools .

According to Jakobson , any message can have six different functions , corresponding to the six factors necessarily present in any act of communication : an addresser , an addressee , a context , a code , a means of contact , and the message itself .
according to jakobson , any message can have six different functions , [matching] to the six factors necessarily present in any act of communication : an addresser , an addressee , a context , a code , a means of contact , and the message itself .

If one takes the not inconsiderable trouble of following his analysis right the way through , it is hard not to be impressed by the picture he draws of an intricate network of equivalences and contrasts , corresponding to the different possible metrical divisions in the poem , and layered one upon the other in a kind of elaborate verbal counterpoint .
if one takes the not inconsiderable trouble of following his analysis right the way through , it is hard not to be impressed by the picture he draws of an intricate network of equivalences and contrasts , [matching] to the different possible metrical divisions in the poem , and layered one upon the other in a kind of elaborate verbal counterpoint .

That is , the parallelisms and symmetries which poetry manifests at the level of verbal form automatically cause the reader to look for corresponding parallelisms and symmetries at the level of meaning .
that is , the parallelisms and symmetries which poetry manifests at the level of verbal form automatically cause the reader to look for [matching] parallelisms and symmetries at the level of meaning .

No doubt you will arrange for corresponding increases in the letter of credit provided for in article Xl ( 2 ) ( iii ) .
no doubt you will arrange for [matching] increases in the letter of credit provided for in article xl ( 2 ) ( iii ) .

Lind incorporates feeling into his theory by suggesting a direct link between the degree of focal activity required to make something intelligible and the intensity of the corresponding muscular and visceral sensations .
lind incorporates feeling into his theory by suggesting a direct link between the degree of focal activity required to make something intelligible and the intensity of the [matching] muscular and visceral sensations .

An increase in motoring costs would also bring revenue to the government , and could be made acceptable by being earmarked for corresponding improvements to public transport .
an increase in motoring costs would also bring revenue to the government , and could be made acceptable by being earmarked for [matching] improvements to public transport .

In 1991/92 the rates were £23.35 and the water rates were £42.37 ; the corresponding figures for 1992/93 are £127.04 and £121.39 — a five-fold increase in rates and nearly threefold in water rates .
in 1991/92 the rates were £23.35 and the water rates were £42.37 ; the [matching] figures for 1992/93 are £127.04 and £121.39 — a five-fold increase in rates and nearly threefold in water rates .

This second measure has the advantage of corresponding more closely to the theoretical risk of accident faced by any randomly chosen individual road user passing through the junction .
this second measure has the advantage of [matching] more closely to the theoretical risk of accident faced by any randomly chosen individual road user passing through the junction .

The 10 junctions were chosen to represent a range of different junction and manoeuvre types and a corresponding range of mean risk ratings and accident estimates .
the 10 junctions were chosen to represent a range of different junction and manoeuvre types and a [matching] range of mean risk ratings and accident estimates .

Although the previous scale had the advantage of corresponding to actual measured accident statistics it proved relatively awkward for subjects to use and is clearly subject to what Poulton ( 1989 ) terms logarithmic response bias .
although the previous scale had the advantage of [matching] to actual measured accident statistics it proved relatively awkward for subjects to use and is clearly subject to what poulton ( 1989 ) terms logarithmic response bias .

To remove any effects of the risk information not corresponding to descriptions the original data was recoded .
to remove any effects of the risk information not [matching] to descriptions the original data was recoded .

With the downturn in North Sea drilling rig activity there was a corresponding reduction in site survey activities and this became one of the most fiercely competitive business sectors of 1992 .
with the downturn in north sea drilling rig activity there was a [matching] reduction in site survey activities and this became one of the most fiercely competitive business sectors of 1992 .

It may possibly be , as it surely is in ( 22 ) , that , where a single entity is present to the mind of the speaker , the same speaker can not simultaneously entertain the idea of more than one referent corresponding to that entity ( though there may be certain problems for this view in the case of collective nouns such as government or congregation or quartet , for which see Chapter 8 ) ; however , it is much less obvious that , where there is assumed to be only a single referent , there should be only a single intensional entity present to the mind ; rather , it seems to us that the separation of the referential and the intensional elements is precisely what lies behind such examples as ( 23 ) ( from Searle , 1969 ) , or ( 24 ) : ( 23 ) Everest is Chomolungma ( 24 ) the sheriff did not know that he was Arthur 's brother In the latter sentence , of course , we are interested in the interpretation which has he co-referring with Arthur 's brother , and the reason that we do not find a reflexive in the final position is precisely that these two elements are distinct intensionally even though they share the same referent .
it may possibly be , as it surely is in ( 22 ) , that , where a single entity is present to the mind of the speaker , the same speaker can not simultaneously entertain the idea of more than one referent [matching] to that entity ( though there may be certain problems for this view in the case of collective nouns such as government or congregation or quartet , for which see chapter 8 ) ; however , it is much less obvious that , where there is assumed to be only a single referent , there should be only a single intensional entity present to the mind ; rather , it seems to us that the separation of the referential and the intensional elements is precisely what lies behind such examples as ( 23 ) ( from searle , 1969 ) , or ( 24 ) : ( 23 ) everest is chomolungma ( 24 ) the sheriff did not know that he was arthur 's brother in the latter sentence , of course , we are interested in the interpretation which has he co-referring with arthur 's brother , and the reason that we do not find a reflexive in the final position is precisely that these two elements are distinct intensionally even though they share the same referent .

This , however , introduces a further obstacle for anyone trying to discriminate between associative and ascriptive interpretation ; for it is , of course , possible to regard the very fact of a connexion ( associative ) corresponding to any of these factual relations as being in itself a property — a property that can then be used ascriptively .
this , however , introduces a further obstacle for anyone trying to discriminate between associative and ascriptive interpretation ; for it is , of course , possible to regard the very fact of a connexion ( associative ) [matching] to any of these factual relations as being in itself a property — a property that can then be used ascriptively .

This difference between the two structures accords very closely with the fact that while we can readily use nouns ( including even proper names ) in the prenominal attributive position to qualify other nouns , we seldom find the corresponding nouns distributed across subject and post-copular position : ( 3 ) the Atlanta flight his St. Francis medallion ( 4 ) the flight is Atlanta This medallion was St. Francis
this difference between the two structures accords very closely with the fact that while we can readily use nouns ( including even proper names ) in the prenominal attributive position to qualify other nouns , we seldom find the [matching] nouns distributed across subject and post-copular position : ( 3 ) the atlanta flight his st. francis medallion ( 4 ) the flight is atlanta this medallion was st. francis

Meiklejohn says , `` Every adjective is either an explicit or an implicit predicate `` , the former corresponding in his book to appearance in predicative position and the latter to attributive use ; and he goes on to show , with examples , that he takes exactly the same view as is found later in accounts given within a Chomskyan framework .
meiklejohn says , `` every adjective is either an explicit or an implicit predicate `` , the former [matching] in his book to appearance in predicative position and the latter to attributive use ; and he goes on to show , with examples , that he takes exactly the same view as is found later in accounts given within a chomskyan framework .

Moreover , we may point out that even if corresponding attributive and predicative adjectives ( occurring with the same noun ) could be relied on to share the same referential locus , that would be no justification for leaping to an assertion that the two elements are actually `` the same `` tout court , and even less for claiming that the structural positions they occupy are alternative forms of each other .
moreover , we may point out that even if [matching] attributive and predicative adjectives ( occurring with the same noun ) could be relied on to share the same referential locus , that would be no justification for leaping to an assertion that the two elements are actually `` the same `` tout court , and even less for claiming that the structural positions they occupy are alternative forms of each other .

( In the following cases , the corresponding phrase using prenominal position only would be fully acceptable ) : ( 50 ) the handbook useful is in your out-tray a story interesting would be hard to find ( 51 ) the only handbook useful is in your out-tray a story less interesting would be hard to find Even here , the distinction between qualification and assignment may have a part to play in the explanation .
( in the following cases , the [matching] phrase using prenominal position only would be fully acceptable ) : ( 50 ) the handbook useful is in your out-tray a story interesting would be hard to find ( 51 ) the only handbook useful is in your out-tray a story less interesting would be hard to find even here , the distinction between qualification and assignment may have a part to play in the explanation .

This explains the difficulty with the first sentence in ( 30 ) , for example , repeated here as ( 57 ) : ( 57 ) Eddy will present the cheque to the winner happy happy can hardly be anything but non-restrictive here by the sense of the situation , but the corresponding requirement of form is not matched by ( 57 ) ; hence the clear perception that the result is ungrammatical .
this explains the difficulty with the first sentence in ( 30 ) , for example , repeated here as ( 57 ) : ( 57 ) eddy will present the cheque to the winner happy happy can hardly be anything but non-restrictive here by the sense of the situation , but the [matching] requirement of form is not matched by ( 57 ) ; hence the clear perception that the result is ungrammatical .

There is , in fact , no monomorphemic means of enquiry for these adjectives in English ; the simplest corresponding question has some such form as what … do to … ?
there is , in fact , no monomorphemic means of enquiry for these adjectives in english ; the simplest [matching] question has some such form as what … do to … ?

Notice also that there is an alternative and syntactically simpler way of expressing the second version , which is : ( 12 ) Haberup angered his golem We can see exactly the same type of ambiguity in : ( 13 ) Reg ran the engine dry The adverbal adjective version of ( 13 ) corresponding to the question what did Reg do to the engine ?
notice also that there is an alternative and syntactically simpler way of expressing the second version , which is : ( 12 ) haberup angered his golem we can see exactly the same type of ambiguity in : ( 13 ) reg ran the engine dry the adverbal adjective version of ( 13 ) [matching] to the question what did reg do to the engine ?

However , if one tries to envelop the noun phrase and the adjective in a single question , then , on the one hand , the result will usually or always be grammatical , because the verbs occurring in this construction can of course stand as ordinary transitive verbs , but , on the other , the question form will naturally be taken as related to the ordinary transitive verb with a simple noun phrase object — with a corresponding alteration in the meaning expressed ; ( 23 ) is an attempt to put such a question : ( 23 ) his sister set the owl free what did his sister set ?
however , if one tries to envelop the noun phrase and the adjective in a single question , then , on the one hand , the result will usually or always be grammatical , because the verbs occurring in this construction can of course stand as ordinary transitive verbs , but , on the other , the question form will naturally be taken as related to the ordinary transitive verb with a simple noun phrase object — with a [matching] alteration in the meaning expressed ; ( 23 ) is an attempt to put such a question : ( 23 ) his sister set the owl free what did his sister set ?

Observe the completely different effect produced by replacing the adjectives in ( 1 ) by the corresponding adverbs , as in : ( 28 ) Ellen shook the keys loosely muzak drives them madly And contrast the two sentences of ( 29 ) ( b ) : ( 29 ) ( a ) what did the new system do to the motors ?
observe the completely different effect produced by replacing the adjectives in ( 1 ) by the [matching] adverbs , as in : ( 28 ) ellen shook the keys loosely muzak drives them madly and contrast the two sentences of ( 29 ) ( b ) : ( 29 ) ( a ) what did the new system do to the motors ?

6.8 The observations above on the behaviour of these adjectives may appear to suggest a surprising degree of linguistic sophistication on the part of ordinary language users ; it may , though , seem less surprising now that we have recognized in the earlier part of this chapter the sense-qualifiers , since these distinctively qualify the property of a noun without constituting a qualification of the corresponding entity .
6.8 the observations above on the behaviour of these adjectives may appear to suggest a surprising degree of linguistic sophistication on the part of ordinary language users ; it may , though , seem less surprising now that we have recognized in the earlier part of this chapter the sense-qualifiers , since these distinctively qualify the property of a noun without constituting a qualification of the [matching] entity .

‘ It is assumed that scientific knowledge grows in a series of discrete steps , each corresponding with a specific advance which can be precisely located in time ’ .
‘ it is assumed that scientific knowledge grows in a series of discrete steps , each [matching] with a specific advance which can be precisely located in time ’ .

He had briefly been involved with the Logical Positivists of the Vienna Circle and developed a strong leaning toward the importance of systematic empirical observation as the cornerstone of the scientific method , and a corresponding dislike of abstracted theorising and metaphysical speculation .
he had briefly been involved with the logical positivists of the vienna circle and developed a strong leaning toward the importance of systematic empirical observation as the cornerstone of the scientific method , and a [matching] dislike of abstracted theorising and metaphysical speculation .

The Serbian Foreign Minister and Montenegrin Interior Minister were nominated for the corresponding federal posts .
the serbian foreign minister and montenegrin interior minister were nominated for the [matching] federal posts .

Tourism continued to do well in 1990 with the number of arrivals in the first nine months of 1990 5.5 per cent higher than in the corresponding period of 1989 .
tourism continued to do well in 1990 with the number of arrivals in the first nine months of 1990 5.5 per cent higher than in the [matching] period of 1989 .

By the end of 1990 it stood at 121 per cent , and the aim of reducing this to less than 70 per cent in 1991 appeared to be succeeding as the inflation rate for the first five months of the year was 38.9 per cent , compared with 84.5 per cent in the corresponding period in 1990 .
by the end of 1990 it stood at 121 per cent , and the aim of reducing this to less than 70 per cent in 1991 appeared to be succeeding as the inflation rate for the first five months of the year was 38.9 per cent , compared with 84.5 per cent in the [matching] period in 1990 .

On Aug. 1 , the Council of Ministers ordered the privatization of dachas to be stopped until corresponding legislation had been passed .
on aug. 1 , the council of ministers ordered the privatization of dachas to be stopped until [matching] legislation had been passed .

It originally included nine ministers of state without portfolio , each post corresponding to one of the nine main Lebanese militias .
it originally included nine ministers of state without portfolio , each post [matching] to one of the nine main lebanese militias .

Among the ministries to be abolished were those of trade and industry , corresponding to the transition from a command-administrative system , in which these ministries had directed supplies and production , to a market-led economy .
among the ministries to be abolished were those of trade and industry , [matching] to the transition from a command-administrative system , in which these ministries had directed supplies and production , to a market-led economy .

In a wide-ranging television interview on Nov. 9 President François Mitterrand proposed a number of changes to the Constitution , including a reduction in the president 's term from seven " at least " to six years , a reduction of presidential powers and a corresponding increase in the powers of the Prime Minister and the National Assembly , a strengthening of the independence of the judiciary ( including ending ministerial immunity from prosecution in ordinary courts ) , and greater scope for the use of referendums .
in a wide-ranging television interview on nov. 9 president françois mitterrand proposed a number of changes to the constitution , including a reduction in the president 's term from seven " at least " to six years , a reduction of presidential powers and a [matching] increase in the powers of the prime minister and the national assembly , a strengthening of the independence of the judiciary ( including ending ministerial immunity from prosecution in ordinary courts ) , and greater scope for the use of referendums .

On Feb. 8 the former regional governors were reappointed governors of the corresponding states , except in the cases of Equatoria and Khartoum .
on feb. 8 the former regional governors were reappointed governors of the [matching] states , except in the cases of equatoria and khartoum .

Manufacturing employment fell in Britain by over one third from 1971 to 1990 , to barely 23 per cent of all employees , with a corresponding one-third increase in the service sector .
manufacturing employment fell in britain by over one third from 1971 to 1990 , to barely 23 per cent of all employees , with a [matching] one-third increase in the service sector .

It is well settled that such a grant or demise will … impliedly confer on the grantee or lessee … easements over the land retained corresponding to the continuous or apparent quasi-easements enjoyed at the time of the grant or demise by the property granted or demised over the property retained … But the implications usually explained by the maxim … do not stop short with easements … Thus , if the grant or demise be made for a particular purpose , the grantor or lessor comes under an obligation not to use the land retained by him in such a way as to render the land granted or demised unfit or materially less fit for the particular purpose for which the grant or demise was made …
it is well settled that such a grant or demise will … impliedly confer on the grantee or lessee … easements over the land retained [matching] to the continuous or apparent quasi-easements enjoyed at the time of the grant or demise by the property granted or demised over the property retained … but the implications usually explained by the maxim … do not stop short with easements … thus , if the grant or demise be made for a particular purpose , the grantor or lessor comes under an obligation not to use the land retained by him in such a way as to render the land granted or demised unfit or materially less fit for the particular purpose for which the grant or demise was made …

The major manufacture of the area , pottery , exhibits a wide variety of skills with corresponding wage levels , but skilled male potters seem to have enjoyed an unusually rapid wage increase from the late 1760s to the early 1790s , bringing a real-wage improvement of almost 50 per cent .
the major manufacture of the area , pottery , exhibits a wide variety of skills with [matching] wage levels , but skilled male potters seem to have enjoyed an unusually rapid wage increase from the late 1760s to the early 1790s , bringing a real-wage improvement of almost 50 per cent .

It was marked by the formation of the London Corresponding Society at the beginning of 1792 with its low subscription and search for `` numbers unlimited `` .
it was marked by the formation of the london [matching] society at the beginning of 1792 with its low subscription and search for `` numbers unlimited `` .

Within the Chart there can be different types of path corresponding to different levels of abstraction ( the y axis ) , each of which is associated with a particular knowledge source ( i.e .
within the chart there can be different types of path [matching] to different levels of abstraction ( the y axis ) , each of which is associated with a particular knowledge source ( i.e .

This is simply the sum of the distances between the corresponding end-points of the actual and hypothesized word durations .
this is simply the sum of the distances between the [matching] end-points of the actual and hypothesized word durations .

Each portion of the phoneme graph corresponding to a hand-transcribed phoneme was classified , with respect to the intended words , as one of the following : —
each portion of the phoneme graph [matching] to a hand-transcribed phoneme was classified , with respect to the intended words , as one of the following : —

These phonemic transcriptions were then converted automatically to their corresponding mid-class representations .
these phonemic transcriptions were then converted automatically to their [matching] mid-class representations .

Three stressed sets of test utterances were included , derived from the corresponding unstressed sets .
three stressed sets of test utterances were included , derived from the [matching] unstressed sets .

The unstressed mixed and unstressed mid utterances were converted to their corresponding stressed representations in the same way .
the unstressed mixed and unstressed mid utterances were converted to their [matching] stressed representations in the same way .

The stressed sets produce fewer parsings into word-paths compared with their corresponding unstressed sets in all three cases .
the stressed sets produce fewer parsings into word-paths compared with their [matching] unstressed sets in all three cases .

We can think of the word graph as a search tree with each path through the tree corresponding to each of the word strings .
we can think of the word graph as a search tree with each path through the tree [matching] to each of the word strings .

The meaning of the to infinitive is thus in fact a combination of two potentials : the potential meaning of the bare infinitive , which gives the speaker the possibility of representing the realization of any action as unfolding from its beginning through to its end and any state as having a fully actualized lexical content ; and the potential significate of to , which affords the speaker the possibility of representing any movement in time from a before-position to an after-position ( corresponding here to the beginning of the infinitive event ) .
the meaning of the to infinitive is thus in fact a combination of two potentials : the potential meaning of the bare infinitive , which gives the speaker the possibility of representing the realization of any action as unfolding from its beginning through to its end and any state as having a fully actualized lexical content ; and the potential significate of to , which affords the speaker the possibility of representing any movement in time from a before-position to an after-position ( [matching] here to the beginning of the infinitive event ) .

The diagram corresponding to ( 36 ) is therefore : With the above analysis we can now account for the paradoxical fact that the verb perceive is found more frequently with the to infinitive than with the bare version : ( 55 ) No one could possibly enter his rooms without perceiving him to be a man of wealth .
the diagram [matching] to ( 36 ) is therefore : with the above analysis we can now account for the paradoxical fact that the verb perceive is found more frequently with the to infinitive than with the bare version : ( 55 ) no one could possibly enter his rooms without perceiving him to be a man of wealth .

This is seen in ( 182 ) in that anomalies and single events are depicted as one of the factors which explain why things are what they are , that is , as underlying conditions giving rise to a certain state of affairs ( and therefore corresponding to a notional `` before `` position ) .
this is seen in ( 182 ) in that anomalies and single events are depicted as one of the factors which explain why things are what they are , that is , as underlying conditions giving rise to a certain state of affairs ( and therefore [matching] to a notional `` before `` position ) .

The `` something `` about which the lexeme is said , that to which the lexeme is `` incident `` , is called by Guillaume the `` support `` ; it forms part of the grammatical make-up of certain words , corresponding on the formal level to the category of person .
the `` something `` about which the lexeme is said , that to which the lexeme is `` incident `` , is called by guillaume the `` support `` ; it forms part of the grammatical make-up of certain words , [matching] on the formal level to the category of person .

To is required with the infinitive in order to represent this movement from a before-position when the event was not yet realized — at which point , according to the speaker , it could and perhaps should have been prevented from occurring — to an after-position corresponding to its actual realization .
to is required with the infinitive in order to represent this movement from a before-position when the event was not yet realized — at which point , according to the speaker , it could and perhaps should have been prevented from occurring — to an after-position [matching] to its actual realization .

The bare infinitive no longer suffices , however , when its actual spatial support is represented as somehow before the time corresponding to the actualization of the infinitive 's event .
the bare infinitive no longer suffices , however , when its actual spatial support is represented as somehow before the time [matching] to the actualization of the infinitive 's event .

The non completion rate of non-standard entry mature students was found to be 15.2 % which was lower than the corresponding figure for mature students who satisfied the general entry requirement which was 21.7 % .
the non completion rate of non-standard entry mature students was found to be 15.2 % which was lower than the [matching] figure for mature students who satisfied the general entry requirement which was 21.7 % .

The corresponding figures for the 1981 cohort were 12 and 27 ) .
the [matching] figures for the 1981 cohort were 12 and 27 ) .

Of the 39 students involved in the 1981 cohort the corresponding figure was 17 .
of the 39 students involved in the 1981 cohort the [matching] figure was 17 .

There was no corresponding increase in the Greek interest in Rome .
there was no [matching] increase in the greek interest in rome .

It is to gain authority from the Poetics for his `` bourgeois tragedy `` ( bürgerliches Trauerspiel ) by arguing that with the reduction in the social standing of the characters of his plays must come a corresponding reduction in the intensity of the emotions displayed by them and the reversals of fortune that they experience .
it is to gain authority from the poetics for his `` bourgeois tragedy `` ( bürgerliches trauerspiel ) by arguing that with the reduction in the social standing of the characters of his plays must come a [matching] reduction in the intensity of the emotions displayed by them and the reversals of fortune that they experience .

The formation of verbs from nouns when previously there had been no corresponding verb , eg televise from television .
the formation of verbs from nouns when previously there had been no [matching] verb , eg televise from television .

The Middle English dialects are mainly continuations of the corresponding Old English ones , but it is convenient to designate them in some cases by different names .
the middle english dialects are mainly continuations of the [matching] old english ones , but it is convenient to designate them in some cases by different names .

The four principal divisions are Northern or Northumbrian , Midland corresponding to the older Mercian , Southern and Kentish .
the four principal divisions are northern or northumbrian , midland [matching] to the older mercian , southern and kentish .

There were four main dialects : Northumbrian Mercian , corresponding to the later Midland West Saxon Kentish Northumbrian and Mercian form the Anglian group .
there were four main dialects : northumbrian mercian , [matching] to the later midland west saxon kentish northumbrian and mercian form the anglian group .

It is simply necessary to ensure ( a ) that no strong stem contributes to the score of a record which is indexed under the corresponding weak stem , and ( b ) that a strong stem , if distinct from the corresponding weak stem , has lower weight than the weak stem .
it is simply necessary to ensure ( a ) that no strong stem contributes to the score of a record which is indexed under the [matching] weak stem , and ( b ) that a strong stem , if distinct from the [matching] weak stem , has lower weight than the weak stem .

Linear viscoelasticity therefore starts with a general linear differential equation relating stress and infinitesimal strain : ( In this equation — are of corresponding type , for example where the are constants .
linear viscoelasticity therefore starts with a general linear differential equation relating stress and infinitesimal strain : ( in this equation — are of [matching] type , for example where the are constants .

Bland also discusses the use of the Laplace transform technique in linear viscoelasticity and shows that the solution of a viscoelastic problem can be found from the solution of the corresponding elastic problem provided that the Laplace transforms of the boundary conditions exist , by a correspondence principle .
bland also discusses the use of the laplace transform technique in linear viscoelasticity and shows that the solution of a viscoelastic problem can be found from the solution of the [matching] elastic problem provided that the laplace transforms of the boundary conditions exist , by a correspondence principle .

In the elastic solution the dependent variables and the boundary conditions are replaced by their Laplace transforms and the elastic moduli by the corresponding `` p-varying `` moduli .
in the elastic solution the dependent variables and the boundary conditions are replaced by their laplace transforms and the elastic moduli by the [matching] `` p-varying `` moduli .

For a pure dilatation the corresponding overall stress is given by Again , if we know the as and bs we have the required solution .
for a pure dilatation the [matching] overall stress is given by again , if we know the as and bs we have the required solution .

( The corresponding stresses respectively ) .
( the [matching] stresses respectively ) .

other elastic moduli may be obtained by manipulation of the k , l , m , n , p or of the corresponding in the usual way .
other elastic moduli may be obtained by manipulation of the k , l , m , n , p or of the [matching] in the usual way .

Some results found by the author are as follows . The model assumes 50 per cent by volume of crystals of polyethylene in a matrix of elastic properties corresponding to those of a glassy polymer with The elastic properties assumed for the crystalline units were
some results found by the author are as follows . the model assumes 50 per cent by volume of crystals of polyethylene in a matrix of elastic properties [matching] to those of a glassy polymer with the elastic properties assumed for the crystalline units were

In a two-dimensional composite such as a fibre-reinforced plastic where the symmetry axis is along the 3-direction they write where and and are defined as follows , using the notation of Equation ( 4.17 ) : is the composite modulus k , p. or m. is the corresponding fibre modulus and is the corresponding matrix modulus is a measure of reinforcement which depends on the boundary conditions .
in a two-dimensional composite such as a fibre-reinforced plastic where the symmetry axis is along the 3-direction they write where and and are defined as follows , using the notation of equation ( 4.17 ) : is the composite modulus k , p. or m. is the [matching] fibre modulus and is the [matching] matrix modulus is a measure of reinforcement which depends on the boundary conditions .

More variability in corresponding pCO 2 values were found with medians of 10.3 to 10.0 mm Hg over 60 minutes ( Fig 2 ) .
more variability in [matching] pco 2 values were found with medians of 10.3 to 10.0 mm hg over 60 minutes ( fig 2 ) .

Corresponding with the decreased solubility of fatty acids and bile acids , the lytic activity was completely inhibited by the highest level of dietary calcium and no significant effect of dietary phosphate was observed .
[matching] with the decreased solubility of fatty acids and bile acids , the lytic activity was completely inhibited by the highest level of dietary calcium and no significant effect of dietary phosphate was observed .

During the storage of such different metastable hepatic bile in the gall bladder , the metastability of bile was further reduced compared with the corresponding hepatic bile in the cholesterol gall stone patients , whereas such an effect was absent in the gall stone free patients ( Fig 1 ) .
during the storage of such different metastable hepatic bile in the gall bladder , the metastability of bile was further reduced compared with the [matching] hepatic bile in the cholesterol gall stone patients , whereas such an effect was absent in the gall stone free patients ( fig 1 ) .

This is obvious from the fact that the response to beer and wine is many times higher than that to corresponding concentrations of ethanol .
this is obvious from the fact that the response to beer and wine is many times higher than that to [matching] concentrations of ethanol .

As the two treatment groups were not identical in severity of disease at the start of the trial , an analysis of covariance , with corresponding confidence intervals , was used to compare each measure between the groups after treatment , making adjustments for the differences in severity of disease before treatment as measured by the corresponding baseline measurement .
as the two treatment groups were not identical in severity of disease at the start of the trial , an analysis of covariance , with [matching] confidence intervals , was used to compare each measure between the groups after treatment , making adjustments for the differences in severity of disease before treatment as measured by the [matching] baseline measurement .

At follow up abnormal oesophageal mucosa was seen in eight patients , all with corresponding histology ( Fig 4 ) , and including two cases of grade 2 oesophagitis , one of them concomitant with Barrett 's oesophagus .
at follow up abnormal oesophageal mucosa was seen in eight patients , all with [matching] histology ( fig 4 ) , and including two cases of grade 2 oesophagitis , one of them concomitant with barrett 's oesophagus .

Patients had significantly reduced lower oesophageal sphincter pressures and distal and middle oesophageal amplitudes , longer durations of contraction , and slower velocity of propagation than the controls ( 16.5 v 22.5 mm Hg ; 52 v 92 mm Hg ; 46 v 79 mm Hg ; 3.1 v 2.7 seconds ; and 3.3 v 4.1 cm/second respectively with the corresponding p values= 0.017 ; 0.0001 ; 0.0001 ; 0.017 ; and 0.006 ) .
patients had significantly reduced lower oesophageal sphincter pressures and distal and middle oesophageal amplitudes , longer durations of contraction , and slower velocity of propagation than the controls ( 16.5 v 22.5 mm hg ; 52 v 92 mm hg ; 46 v 79 mm hg ; 3.1 v 2.7 seconds ; and 3.3 v 4.1 cm/second respectively with the [matching] p values= 0.017 ; 0.0001 ; 0.0001 ; 0.017 ; and 0.006 ) .

Patients had significantly longer median oesophageal transit times than controls in both erect and supine postures ( 9 v 7 and 17 v 11 seconds with the corresponding p=0.027 and 0.002 for erect and suppine postures respectively ) .
patients had significantly longer median oesophageal transit times than controls in both erect and supine postures ( 9 v 7 and 17 v 11 seconds with the [matching] p=0.027 and 0.002 for erect and suppine postures respectively ) .

This was because of delayed transit in the distal oesophagus in patients compared with controls ( 8 v 7 and 17 v 11 seconds with the corresponding p=0.02 and 0.002 for erect and supine postures respectively ) .
this was because of delayed transit in the distal oesophagus in patients compared with controls ( 8 v 7 and 17 v 11 seconds with the [matching] p=0.02 and 0.002 for erect and supine postures respectively ) .

The median durations of contraction in all three segments of oesophagus were significantly longer in patients than in controls ( 3.1 v 2.7 ; 3.0 v 2.5 ; 2.8 v 2.2 seconds with the corresponding p= 0.017 ; 0.005 ; and 0.001 for distal , middle , and proximal oesophagus respectively ) .
the median durations of contraction in all three segments of oesophagus were significantly longer in patients than in controls ( 3.1 v 2.7 ; 3.0 v 2.5 ; 2.8 v 2.2 seconds with the [matching] p= 0.017 ; 0.005 ; and 0.001 for distal , middle , and proximal oesophagus respectively ) .

Median acid clearance times in both sitting and supine postures were significantly longer in patients than controls ( 350 v 288 and 536 v 405 seconds and the corresponding p=0.044 and 0.016 for sitting and supine postures respectively ) .
median acid clearance times in both sitting and supine postures were significantly longer in patients than controls ( 350 v 288 and 536 v 405 seconds and the [matching] p=0.044 and 0.016 for sitting and supine postures respectively ) .

With regard to the corresponding normal tissue , urokinase type plasminogen activator antigen concentration in both carcinoma types were significantly higher and urokinase type plasminogen activator activities were also increased but not significantly .
with regard to the [matching] normal tissue , urokinase type plasminogen activator antigen concentration in both carcinoma types were significantly higher and urokinase type plasminogen activator activities were also increased but not significantly .

Cloning a normal human gene is no longer a problem ; about 10000 of the coding sequences ( and the corresponding and larger genomic signals ) have been cloned in bacterial viruses or as yeast artificial chromosomes .
cloning a normal human gene is no longer a problem ; about 10000 of the coding sequences ( and the [matching] and larger genomic signals ) have been cloned in bacterial viruses or as yeast artificial chromosomes .

Despite the increased total intra epithelial lymphocyte count , there was no corresponding increase in the absolute number of γ-interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes in coeliac patients with abnormal histology ( Table , Fig 2 ) .
despite the increased total intra epithelial lymphocyte count , there was no [matching] increase in the absolute number of γ-interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes in coeliac patients with abnormal histology ( table , fig 2 ) .

The Quinton multiple biopsy instrument was introduced to a position corresponding to the ligament of Trietz and left in place during the study .
the quinton multiple biopsy instrument was introduced to a position [matching] to the ligament of trietz and left in place during the study .

Ryberg et al using the same radioimmunoassay for determination of plasma gastrin , found higher concentrations for the corresponding gastrin doses than we did .
ryberg et al using the same radioimmunoassay for determination of plasma gastrin , found higher concentrations for the [matching] gastrin doses than we did .

However , for a discount security with more than six months ( 182 days ) to maturity , the bond equivalent yield has to take into account the fact that the corresponding bond makes two coupon payments and that interest is earned by investing the first coupon .
however , for a discount security with more than six months ( 182 days ) to maturity , the bond equivalent yield has to take into account the fact that the [matching] bond makes two coupon payments and that interest is earned by investing the first coupon .

The yield to average life is simply the yield to maturity under the assumption that the entire bond matures on the date corresponding to the average life at the average redemption price .
the yield to average life is simply the yield to maturity under the assumption that the entire bond matures on the date [matching] to the average life at the average redemption price .

The corresponding equivalent life of the bond is found using ( 5.20 ) :
the [matching] equivalent life of the bond is found using ( 5.20 ) :

Both the equivalent life and the equivalent life yield are less than the corresponding average life and average life yield .
both the equivalent life and the equivalent life yield are less than the [matching] average life and average life yield .

In ( 5.29 ) we are discounting the t-year cash flow ( coupon payment and/or principal repayment ) by the corresponding t-year spot yield .
in ( 5.29 ) we are discounting the t-year cash flow ( coupon payment and/or principal repayment ) by the [matching] t-year spot yield .

Calculate the corresponding spot yields and forward yields .
calculate the [matching] spot yields and forward yields .

The corresponding credit entries go to the asset account concerned , reducing the written down value , and to a depreciation reserve account .
the [matching] credit entries go to the asset account concerned , reducing the written down value , and to a depreciation reserve account .

The ‘ stimulus followed by response ’ unit was given the name ‘ transaction ’ and the psychological states corresponding to the three inputs were named ‘ Parent ’ , ‘ Adult ’ and ‘ Child ’ .
the ‘ stimulus followed by response ’ unit was given the name ‘ transaction ’ and the psychological states [matching] to the three inputs were named ‘ parent ’ , ‘ adult ’ and ‘ child ’ .

It will be seen that the second view and the proposed model are mutually supportive , since the model can predict effects of cultural factors corresponding to observed results .
it will be seen that the second view and the proposed model are mutually supportive , since the model can predict effects of cultural factors [matching] to observed results .

Corresponding figures in building and construction are 320 , up from 315 last year .
[matching] figures in building and construction are 320 , up from 315 last year .

There is nothing corresponding to a thermostat in a stable physical system such as a vortex .
there is nothing [matching] to a thermostat in a stable physical system such as a vortex .

Further , assume that the map consists of a sheet of neurones , with particular neurones corresponding to particular places , the pattern being geometrically similar to the environment being mapped .
further , assume that the map consists of a sheet of neurones , with particular neurones [matching] to particular places , the pattern being geometrically similar to the environment being mapped .

As an anonymous pamphleteer wrote , ‘ The growth of an Imperial sentiment in politics … is not more remarkable than the corresponding sentiment in favour of the unity of all baptised Christians ’ .
as an anonymous pamphleteer wrote , ‘ the growth of an imperial sentiment in politics … is not more remarkable than the [matching] sentiment in favour of the unity of all baptised christians ’ .

By simplifying the projection to a plane triangle , Desargues found that : The pairs of corresponding sides of two triangles ' perspective from a point meet , respectively , in three points that lie on one straight line .
by simplifying the projection to a plane triangle , desargues found that : the pairs of [matching] sides of two triangles ' perspective from a point meet , respectively , in three points that lie on one straight line .

Join corresponding numbers to form an envelope .
join [matching] numbers to form an envelope .

The growing barbarization of the war , especially following the invasion of the Soviet Union , led to an increasing dehumanization of the abstract image of the ‘ Jew ’ and a corresponding ‘ internalization ’ of the justification of the need to search for a radical solution to the ‘ Jewish Question ’ .
the growing barbarization of the war , especially following the invasion of the soviet union , led to an increasing dehumanization of the abstract image of the ‘ jew ’ and a [matching] ‘ internalization ’ of the justification of the need to search for a radical solution to the ‘ jewish question ’ .

His well-documented fear of loss of personal popularity and the corresponding growth in instability of the regime is further testimony of his awareness of the centrality of the integratory force of his role as Führer .
his well-documented fear of loss of personal popularity and the [matching] growth in instability of the regime is further testimony of his awareness of the centrality of the integratory force of his role as führer .

And apart from the peculiarities of the relationship with the German Democratic Republic , the structural problems of the West German State are in the main those common to most ( and less acute than in many ) advanced capitalist industrial societies of the present : problems of social equality and distribution of wealth , and of maintaining in an era of world-wide recession the economic growth so central to the legitimacy of post-war liberal democracies ; problems of the exploitation ( and often ruination ) of limited natural resources in the interests of the economy ; problems of national defence in a nuclear age ; and the corresponding problems of containing and absorbing often justified social and political protest without destroying civil liberties and undermining the very essence of the liberal democratic state .
and apart from the peculiarities of the relationship with the german democratic republic , the structural problems of the west german state are in the main those common to most ( and less acute than in many ) advanced capitalist industrial societies of the present : problems of social equality and distribution of wealth , and of maintaining in an era of world-wide recession the economic growth so central to the legitimacy of post-war liberal democracies ; problems of the exploitation ( and often ruination ) of limited natural resources in the interests of the economy ; problems of national defence in a nuclear age ; and the [matching] problems of containing and absorbing often justified social and political protest without destroying civil liberties and undermining the very essence of the liberal democratic state .

Scripture accordingly has three levels of meaning corresponding to the three levels of reality : ( a ) a literal historical sense , ( b ) a moral meaning , and ( c ) a spiritual interpretation .
scripture accordingly has three levels of meaning [matching] to the three levels of reality : ( a ) a literal historical sense , ( b ) a moral meaning , and ( c ) a spiritual interpretation .

The book 's corresponding strength is its evocation of suppressed panic .
the book 's [matching] strength is its evocation of suppressed panic .

David Goldman , chairman , said the group 's United Kingdom software sales rose by 16 p.c. despite difficult market conditions and that Sage continues to trade ahead of internal targets , with profits in the first half 62 p.c. up on the corresponding period .
david goldman , chairman , said the group 's united kingdom software sales rose by 16 p.c. despite difficult market conditions and that sage continues to trade ahead of internal targets , with profits in the first half 62 p.c. up on the [matching] period .

The total value of cross-border deals in the first three months of this year at $13.3 billion was 45 p.c. up on the corresponding period a year ago but was still well below the 1989 peak when the quarterly average reached $32.6 billion .
the total value of cross-border deals in the first three months of this year at $13.3 billion was 45 p.c. up on the [matching] period a year ago but was still well below the 1989 peak when the quarterly average reached $32.6 billion .

The victims had symptoms of central cerebral atrophy , or shrunken brains , and X-rays showed neck damage corresponding to a premature ageing of 10 years .
the victims had symptoms of central cerebral atrophy , or shrunken brains , and x-rays showed neck damage [matching] to a premature ageing of 10 years .

The corresponding report on the Belgian market tells the same story .
the [matching] report on the belgian market tells the same story .

We sometimes use the term ‘ equity ’ , or words corresponding to it , in popular language as if it was something altogether outside law .
we sometimes use the term ‘ equity ’ , or words [matching] to it , in popular language as if it was something altogether outside law .

between persons who , by reason of the previous marriage of one of them , are related in a way corresponding to one of the relationships above mentioned .
between persons who , by reason of the previous marriage of one of them , are related in a way [matching] to one of the relationships above mentioned .

Once academics and scientists kept in touch by letter and ‘ corresponding members ’ of learned societies were for the most part never seen .
once academics and scientists kept in touch by letter and ‘ [matching] members ’ of learned societies were for the most part never seen .

Since many kinds of trilobites co-existed at any one time they were probably occupying different ecological niches , behaving in different ways , corresponding with the wide variation in shape that they show .
since many kinds of trilobites co-existed at any one time they were probably occupying different ecological niches , behaving in different ways , [matching] with the wide variation in shape that they show .

At the Foxton Locks , a corresponding delivery of water to the bottom pond would represent 43 h.p .
at the foxton locks , a [matching] delivery of water to the bottom pond would represent 43 h.p .

The joint between the end of the dock and the standing work of the bay end is preferably a direct butt joint between suitable packed or faced surfaces at the leading following and bottom sides of the dock which close simultaneously by a direct butting , as distinguished from a sliding , motion against corresponding surfaces on the standing work .
the joint between the end of the dock and the standing work of the bay end is preferably a direct butt joint between suitable packed or faced surfaces at the leading following and bottom sides of the dock which close simultaneously by a direct butting , as distinguished from a sliding , motion against [matching] surfaces on the standing work .

Julian Huxley 's directional component in evolution is made possible only by an increasing subtlety of internal integration of the body and a corresponding increase in the inter-individual integration in societal processes involved in reproduction .
julian huxley 's directional component in evolution is made possible only by an increasing subtlety of internal integration of the body and a [matching] increase in the inter-individual integration in societal processes involved in reproduction .

For pairs assisted by helpers the corresponding figures were 2.1 and 1.3 ( n = 59 ) .
for pairs assisted by helpers the [matching] figures were 2.1 and 1.3 ( n = 59 ) .

Although the age — sex composition and total number of animals present were similar in the two periods the number of reproductive units had decreased between the studies with a corresponding increase in mean unit size .
although the age — sex composition and total number of animals present were similar in the two periods the number of reproductive units had decreased between the studies with a [matching] increase in mean unit size .

But your expenses wo n't conveniently drop by a corresponding amount .
but your expenses wo n't conveniently drop by a [matching] amount .

The body is divided into zones , each one of which relates to a corresponding zone on the underside of the foot .
the body is divided into zones , each one of which relates to a [matching] zone on the underside of the foot .

The marketing director , Nigel Herrick , said : ‘ The market would fall , but our prices would not show a corresponding movement . ’
the marketing director , nigel herrick , said : ‘ the market would fall , but our prices would not show a [matching] movement . ’

We can not sleep at the new night time , we feel tired during the daytime ( at a time corresponding to night in the time zone we have just left ) , and our appetite is upset .
we can not sleep at the new night time , we feel tired during the daytime ( at a time [matching] to night in the time zone we have just left ) , and our appetite is upset .

It 's easy ! All you have to do is answer the three multiple-choice questions ( right ) by circling the correct corresponding letter in the coupon and send , to the address given , by Friday June 14 , 1991 .
it 's easy ! all you have to do is answer the three multiple-choice questions ( right ) by circling the correct [matching] letter in the coupon and send , to the address given , by friday june 14 , 1991 .

More centrally , in the cerebral cortex the afferent fibres from groups of receptors are ‘ wired together ’ so that more complexly patterned stimuli — such as edges or lines of a certain inclination — may preferentially elicit neural activity and the corresponding subjective experience .
more centrally , in the cerebral cortex the afferent fibres from groups of receptors are ‘ wired together ’ so that more complexly patterned stimuli — such as edges or lines of a certain inclination — may preferentially elicit neural activity and the [matching] subjective experience .

According to the Weber-Fechner law , there is a correlation between the intensity of the energy incident on the sense ending and the magnitude of the corresponding subjective experience .
according to the weber-fechner law , there is a correlation between the intensity of the energy incident on the sense ending and the magnitude of the [matching] subjective experience .

The change in the socio-moral context was hardly recognized , and the corresponding change in religious social ethics had remained unformulated .
the change in the socio-moral context was hardly recognized , and the [matching] change in religious social ethics had remained unformulated .

There is a small hood , corresponding to the foreskin , which lies over the clitoris .
there is a small hood , [matching] to the foreskin , which lies over the clitoris .

The improvement to soil structure through the addition of organic matter from the grass roots and the droppings of grazing animals , together with the corresponding buildup of soil life , reverses the extractive effect of arable cropping .
the improvement to soil structure through the addition of organic matter from the grass roots and the droppings of grazing animals , together with the [matching] buildup of soil life , reverses the extractive effect of arable cropping .

In the event , that traffic was already spiralling in steep decline and the corresponding losses were to rise dramatically .
in the event , that traffic was already spiralling in steep decline and the [matching] losses were to rise dramatically .

The corresponding figure for modern schools was 15.7 per cent .
the [matching] figure for modern schools was 15.7 per cent .

Parental and public anxiety grew , and especially as the size of the eleven-plus group expanded without any corresponding increase in grammar-school provision .
parental and public anxiety grew , and especially as the size of the eleven-plus group expanded without any [matching] increase in grammar-school provision .

Industrial output dropped 2.5 per cent last month from the corresponding period last year , Neues Deutschland said .
industrial output dropped 2.5 per cent last month from the [matching] period last year , neues deutschland said .

After a period of slower rise until 10,500 years ago , corresponding to a time known as the Younger Dryas — when ice sheets temporarily advanced again in the Northern hemisphere — a second burst of accelerated sea-level risk took place , at rates similar to the previous acceleration .
after a period of slower rise until 10,500 years ago , [matching] to a time known as the younger dryas — when ice sheets temporarily advanced again in the northern hemisphere — a second burst of accelerated sea-level risk took place , at rates similar to the previous acceleration .

The Stewards yesterday reshaped the qualification requirements for the Ladies ' Plate , Thames Cup and the corresponding challenge cups for four-oared crews .
the stewards yesterday reshaped the qualification requirements for the ladies ' plate , thames cup and the [matching] challenge cups for four-oared crews .

Corresponding times for the same band in second take only 0.5secs or so more , and even by using third they are barely lengthened by 1sec .
[matching] times for the same band in second take only 0.5secs or so more , and even by using third they are barely lengthened by 1sec .

Otherwise , in the production and distribution of food we should have all the corresponding phenomena to those we actually have in housing : ten million family budgets based on artificially low rents ; the machinery of house production divided sharply into two , councils building to rent , companies building to sell ; the price of rented house-room a voting issue in local and parliamentary elections .
otherwise , in the production and distribution of food we should have all the [matching] phenomena to those we actually have in housing : ten million family budgets based on artificially low rents ; the machinery of house production divided sharply into two , councils building to rent , companies building to sell ; the price of rented house-room a voting issue in local and parliamentary elections .

There is no function corresponding to that title which the monarch can constitutionally perform , for one very simple and conclusive reason .
there is no function [matching] to that title which the monarch can constitutionally perform , for one very simple and conclusive reason .

He drew up an agreement in two copies , setting out the terms in ponderous detail : ‘ … referred to henceforth as ‘ the colony ' ’ … which wheels shall be considered as handed over to the Economic Section of the Provincial Workers ' and Peasants ' Inspection after their reception by a special commission and the signing of the corresponding protocol .
he drew up an agreement in two copies , setting out the terms in ponderous detail : ‘ … referred to henceforth as ‘ the colony ' ’ … which wheels shall be considered as handed over to the economic section of the provincial workers ' and peasants ' inspection after their reception by a special commission and the signing of the [matching] protocol .

This hint of physical as well as psychological confrontation with primitivism predictably gives rise to the corresponding image of city apocalypse , presented by Charles , the character with whom as Eliot told Martin Browne he most closely identified .
this hint of physical as well as psychological confrontation with primitivism predictably gives rise to the [matching] image of city apocalypse , presented by charles , the character with whom as eliot told martin browne he most closely identified .

157 , 165 ) , and the corresponding displacement on to the person of colour of inadequacies and fears intrinsic to the cultural as distinct from natural formation of European sexuality ( pp .
157 , 165 ) , and the [matching] displacement on to the person of colour of inadequacies and fears intrinsic to the cultural as distinct from natural formation of european sexuality ( pp .

The ebb and flow of controversy in television news items did not produce corresponding trends in public interest and discussion .
the ebb and flow of controversy in television news items did not produce [matching] trends in public interest and discussion .

The corresponding percentage of party ‘ supporters ’ amongst Guardian readers was 66 per cent , amongst Telegraph etc .
the [matching] percentage of party ‘ supporters ’ amongst guardian readers was 66 per cent , amongst telegraph etc .

They thus explain the rise of feudalism in Europe and the corresponding absence of city states as due to the fact that ‘ the different starting point was determined by the sparseness of the population at that time ’ [ p. 45 ] .
they thus explain the rise of feudalism in europe and the [matching] absence of city states as due to the fact that ‘ the different starting point was determined by the sparseness of the population at that time ’ [ p. 45 ] .

They all believed that several corresponding processes could be identified , especially in the field of kinship , which went automatically in parallel with technological evolution .
they all believed that several [matching] processes could be identified , especially in the field of kinship , which went automatically in parallel with technological evolution .

The company 's co-brokers , Hoare Govett , had hoped for £12m before tax ; in the event the figure was £9.54m , still 89 per cent up on the corresponding period 's £5.04m .
the company 's co-brokers , hoare govett , had hoped for £12m before tax ; in the event the figure was £9.54m , still 89 per cent up on the [matching] period 's £5.04m .

However , he went on to warn against complacency , as although most large companies are conscious of their health and safety responsibilities , an increase in the number of small companies and contractors may cause a corresponding increase in accident figures .
however , he went on to warn against complacency , as although most large companies are conscious of their health and safety responsibilities , an increase in the number of small companies and contractors may cause a [matching] increase in accident figures .

Binding a cyclopropyl residue at position 1 of the quinolone system gives a considerable improvement in antibacterial activity compared with the corresponding 1-ethyl-quinolonecarboxylic acid norfloxacin .
binding a cyclopropyl residue at position 1 of the quinolone system gives a considerable improvement in antibacterial activity compared with the [matching] 1-ethyl-quinolonecarboxylic acid norfloxacin .

The minima are located at δ values corresponding to the alignment of first layer neighbouring atoms .
the minima are located at δ values [matching] to the alignment of first layer neighbouring atoms .

For convenience of comparison , the original data in current dinars have been expressed as percentages of adjusted social product in the corresponding year .
for convenience of comparison , the original data in current dinars have been expressed as percentages of adjusted social product in the [matching] year .

Table 9.1 shows the dollar values of exports and imports in the years 1977–87 , and the corresponding official volume indexes for the same period .
table 9.1 shows the dollar values of exports and imports in the years 1977–87 , and the [matching] official volume indexes for the same period .

The first , and most important , is that the natural rate of increase of the Albanian population is about 2.5 per cent per annum , while the corresponding rate among Serbs and Montenegrins is probably below 0.5 per cent .
the first , and most important , is that the natural rate of increase of the albanian population is about 2.5 per cent per annum , while the [matching] rate among serbs and montenegrins is probably below 0.5 per cent .

Gedge was keen to keep parents and old friends informed and began corresponding with the local paper , The Middleton Guardian .
gedge was keen to keep parents and old friends informed and began [matching] with the local paper , the middleton guardian .

This compared with a £428,000 loss in the corresponding period last year .
this compared with a £428,000 loss in the [matching] period last year .

The legislative measures corresponding to this change had been the Reform Act of 1832 and the repeal of the Corn Laws in 1846 , which recognised that the price of bread could no longer be controlled in the interest of British grain producers .
the legislative measures [matching] to this change had been the reform act of 1832 and the repeal of the corn laws in 1846 , which recognised that the price of bread could no longer be controlled in the interest of british grain producers .

Under the polarising microscope they contain coarse grains which show multicoloured areas , corresponding to interference colours caused by the presence of particular minerals .
under the polarising microscope they contain coarse grains which show multicoloured areas , [matching] to interference colours caused by the presence of particular minerals .

If the date is to be precise to the year of felling , the bark must also be present , otherwise an estimate must be made of the number of missing rings corresponding to likely wastage by the carpenter .
if the date is to be precise to the year of felling , the bark must also be present , otherwise an estimate must be made of the number of missing rings [matching] to likely wastage by the carpenter .

If we know the frame number corresponding to an object 's picture , we can display the picture , and that is that .
if we know the frame number [matching] to an object 's picture , we can display the picture , and that is that .

Both these developing manipulations should produce corresponding negatives with tonal ranges which have a ratio of 1:7 .
both these developing manipulations should produce [matching] negatives with tonal ranges which have a ratio of 1:7 .

The avoidance of fixed form demonstrates what Tony Tanner has identified as a dream and its corresponding fear :
the avoidance of fixed form demonstrates what tony tanner has identified as a dream and its [matching] fear :

Whereas 1 in 4 marriages were preceded by cohabitation in the 1960s , the corresponding proportion in the 1980s is about 7 in 10 .
whereas 1 in 4 marriages were preceded by cohabitation in the 1960s , the [matching] proportion in the 1980s is about 7 in 10 .

In the period 1986/88 , 37 % of married women with a child under 5 were working ( 26 % part-time , 11 % full time ) , while among lone parents the corresponding proportion was only 20 % ( 12 % part-time , 9 % full-time ) .
in the period 1986/88 , 37 % of married women with a child under 5 were working ( 26 % part-time , 11 % full time ) , while among lone parents the [matching] proportion was only 20 % ( 12 % part-time , 9 % full-time ) .

For all John Smith 's fluent fibs about ‘ fairness ’ and ‘ investment ’ , during this election campaign , his policies promise higher taxation , higher interest rates and a corresponding brake upon consumer spending which will delay recovery by months , perhaps years .
for all john smith 's fluent fibs about ‘ fairness ’ and ‘ investment ’ , during this election campaign , his policies promise higher taxation , higher interest rates and a [matching] brake upon consumer spending which will delay recovery by months , perhaps years .

The bank 's annual report said ‘ debts on a level with 1991 are no longer sustainable ’ and that total public sector debt had soared to Dm1.32 trillion from Dm1.18 trillion in 1990 , corresponding to nearly half the country 's gross national product last year .
the bank 's annual report said ‘ debts on a level with 1991 are no longer sustainable ’ and that total public sector debt had soared to dm1.32 trillion from dm1.18 trillion in 1990 , [matching] to nearly half the country 's gross national product last year .

After a flat opening beers perked up when it became known that August beer production was up 8 per cent and the year 's output had edged 0.6 per cent ahead of last year 's corresponding performance .
after a flat opening beers perked up when it became known that august beer production was up 8 per cent and the year 's output had edged 0.6 per cent ahead of last year 's [matching] performance .

The second amplifier should perform in the same way , but the core will have to be rotated through about 90° to find the corresponding zero field position .
the second amplifier should perform in the same way , but the core will have to be rotated through about 90° to find the [matching] zero field position .

The message to be sent was transposed — corresponding to the dot/dash Morse code of the message — into perforations on a paper tape ( Fig .
the message to be sent was transposed — [matching] to the dot/dash morse code of the message — into perforations on a paper tape ( fig .

Corresponding proportions for other children were 47 per cent and 14 per cent .
[matching] proportions for other children were 47 per cent and 14 per cent .

Coventry replied by offering four tickets for the corresponding fixture next season .
coventry replied by offering four tickets for the [matching] fixture next season .

Excluding the mining machinery business that contributed £85million in the corresponding period , before disposal , turnover put on almost £70million to £337.5million .
excluding the mining machinery business that contributed £85million in the [matching] period , before disposal , turnover put on almost £70million to £337.5million .

Sales were no problem as the reduction in turnover to £161 million , from £247million in the corresponding half to September 30 translates wih the help of currency gains into a rise of 18 per cent in the businesses retained .
sales were no problem as the reduction in turnover to £161 million , from £247million in the [matching] half to september 30 translates wih the help of currency gains into a rise of 18 per cent in the businesses retained .

It would be a natural extension of the Intifada 's dual strategy towards disengagement from Israel , and the corresponding process of state building .
it would be a natural extension of the intifada 's dual strategy towards disengagement from israel , and the [matching] process of state building .

Sales were no problem as the reduction in turnover to £161 million , from £247million in the corresponding half to September 30 translates wih the help of currency gains into a rise of 18 per cent in the businesses retained .
sales were no problem as the reduction in turnover to £161 million , from £247million in the [matching] half to september 30 translates wih the help of currency gains into a rise of 18 per cent in the businesses retained .

He says ‘ more work is needed to refine the amounts corresponding to the change in funding responsibilities ’ .
he says ‘ more work is needed to refine the amounts [matching] to the change in funding responsibilities ’ .

To align the instrument with the computer image of the skull , specific anatomical reference points on the patient 's face , such as the corner of the mouth , are aligned to corresponding points on the three-dimensional image .
to align the instrument with the computer image of the skull , specific anatomical reference points on the patient 's face , such as the corner of the mouth , are aligned to [matching] points on the three-dimensional image .

Developing countries have a harder problem ; they need a huge increase in prosperity , which could produce a corresponding growth in greenhouse gas emissions .
developing countries have a harder problem ; they need a huge increase in prosperity , which could produce a [matching] growth in greenhouse gas emissions .

Then , for an economy forecast to grow a certain amount , they predict that a corresponding amount of extra energy will be needed .
then , for an economy forecast to grow a certain amount , they predict that a [matching] amount of extra energy will be needed .

Commentators on Spanish culture through the centuries have pointed to its emphasis on dignity and the corresponding fear of shame which leads to behaviour that is continually concerned to respect others and , above all , their individuality ( Pitt-Rivers 1977 ) .
commentators on spanish culture through the centuries have pointed to its emphasis on dignity and the [matching] fear of shame which leads to behaviour that is continually concerned to respect others and , above all , their individuality ( pitt-rivers 1977 ) .

But it is not just that access to the increased educational facilities is conditioned by social background , even where people achieve educational mobility , the economic structure has not provided a corresponding increase in jobs to match that mobility in occupational terms .
but it is not just that access to the increased educational facilities is conditioned by social background , even where people achieve educational mobility , the economic structure has not provided a [matching] increase in jobs to match that mobility in occupational terms .

Changes within the institutions which influence values are taking place and , in general , reflect a gradual shift towards the values of contemporary capitalist societies , corresponding to the process outlined in the previous chapter of incorporating peripheral groups into society .
changes within the institutions which influence values are taking place and , in general , reflect a gradual shift towards the values of contemporary capitalist societies , [matching] to the process outlined in the previous chapter of incorporating peripheral groups into society .

However , as with education , the impact of change has been limited by a lack of a corresponding expansion of the job market .
however , as with education , the impact of change has been limited by a lack of a [matching] expansion of the job market .

The rapidly rising number of girls receiving middle and higher education , coinciding with the growth of urban bureaucratic and commercial activities , has led to a corresponding increase in the number entering clerical and professional or semi-professional employment , generally prior to marriage and temporary or permanent withdrawal from the labour force .
the rapidly rising number of girls receiving middle and higher education , coinciding with the growth of urban bureaucratic and commercial activities , has led to a [matching] increase in the number entering clerical and professional or semi-professional employment , generally prior to marriage and temporary or permanent withdrawal from the labour force .

Calcutta 's industrial development in the 1950s occurred without a corresponding expansion in regular employment .
calcutta 's industrial development in the 1950s occurred without a [matching] expansion in regular employment .

Even the great diversity of dialects did not allow linguistic grouping ; it took the nineteenth century to invent the demarcations that created separate languages corresponding to the nations which had by then been created .
even the great diversity of dialects did not allow linguistic grouping ; it took the nineteenth century to invent the demarcations that created separate languages [matching] to the nations which had by then been created .

By grafting an early neural tube from the quail embryo into a similar position in the chick embryo — the corresponding portion of the chick embryo having been removed — Le Douarin could follow the fate of the quail neural crest .
by grafting an early neural tube from the quail embryo into a similar position in the chick embryo — the [matching] portion of the chick embryo having been removed — le douarin could follow the fate of the quail neural crest .

The experimental approach is to use quail neural crest , and instead of grafting the quail cells to the corresponding position in the chick , they are grafted to an inappropriate site .
the experimental approach is to use quail neural crest , and instead of grafting the quail cells to the [matching] position in the chick , they are grafted to an inappropriate site .

All children , whatever their abilities or disabilities , have a statutory right to be educated ; and all parents have a corresponding duty to see that they are educated , at least up to the age of 16 .
all children , whatever their abilities or disabilities , have a statutory right to be educated ; and all parents have a [matching] duty to see that they are educated , at least up to the age of 16 .

Cardboard cut-outs of the two continents were made and fitted together , computer programmes written to devise the most perfect match between the two continents , similarities and the differences in the geology of corresponding areas studied ad nauseam , and even details of the animal life in each continent compared , but without reaching any firm conclusions on whether or not the two continents had ever been united .
cardboard cut-outs of the two continents were made and fitted together , computer programmes written to devise the most perfect match between the two continents , similarities and the differences in the geology of [matching] areas studied ad nauseam , and even details of the animal life in each continent compared , but without reaching any firm conclusions on whether or not the two continents had ever been united .

Rees thereupon complained to the European Commission of Human Rights that , by refusing to alter the recorded sex on his birth certificate , the United Kingdom , through its law , is depriving him of the legal status corresponding to his actual condition , to which he is rightfully entitled by Article 8 .
rees thereupon complained to the european commission of human rights that , by refusing to alter the recorded sex on his birth certificate , the united kingdom , through its law , is depriving him of the legal status [matching] to his actual condition , to which he is rightfully entitled by article 8 .

The law or , more correctly stated , those who make the law , have a corresponding obligation to ensure that the principles and rules laid down meet certain criteria .
the law or , more correctly stated , those who make the law , have a [matching] obligation to ensure that the principles and rules laid down meet certain criteria .

Presumably under Babylonian influence , the life-span of time of the long dominion was set at 12,000 years , the number twelve corresponding to the twelve signs of the zodiac .
presumably under babylonian influence , the life-span of time of the long dominion was set at 12,000 years , the number twelve [matching] to the twelve signs of the zodiac .

These include not only the creation of woman ( Pandora corresponding to Eve ) and the alleged evils that followed there from , but also the acquisition of ‘ forbidden knowledge ’ , which in the Greek case included the discovery of fire .
these include not only the creation of woman ( pandora [matching] to eve ) and the alleged evils that followed there from , but also the acquisition of ‘ forbidden knowledge ’ , which in the greek case included the discovery of fire .

The choice of 6 January for this purpose has been traced back to the gnostic Christians of Egypt , the corresponding date in the calendar used there being traditionally associated with the blessing of the Nile .
the choice of 6 january for this purpose has been traced back to the gnostic christians of egypt , the [matching] date in the calendar used there being traditionally associated with the blessing of the nile .

Consequently , it is to him that the European world owes a uniform calendar corresponding to the needs of a universal society and based upon the Christian year .
consequently , it is to him that the european world owes a uniform calendar [matching] to the needs of a universal society and based upon the christian year .

Medieval historians followed the scheme devised by St Augustine for dividing world history into six ages corresponding to the six days of Creation described at the beginning of Genesis .
medieval historians followed the scheme devised by st augustine for dividing world history into six ages [matching] to the six days of creation described at the beginning of genesis .

The next largest cycle in the Maya ‘ Calendar Round ’ contained 18,980 days , corresponding to the period when the 260-day and 365-day cycles meshed together .
the next largest cycle in the maya ‘ calendar round ’ contained 18,980 days , [matching] to the period when the 260-day and 365-day cycles meshed together .

If the synodic period of Venus were exactly 584 days , the number of revolutions required would be 65 , corresponding to 146 of the 260-day cycles .
if the synodic period of venus were exactly 584 days , the number of revolutions required would be 65 , [matching] to 146 of the 260-day cycles .

In conclusion , it seems that we can not accept without question the dramatic increase in recorded crime as corresponding to a real increase in victimization of the same proportions .
in conclusion , it seems that we can not accept without question the dramatic increase in recorded crime as [matching] to a real increase in victimization of the same proportions .

Children are often asked to use their own bodies for counting and corresponding .
children are often asked to use their own bodies for counting and [matching] .

The Congress of Vienna returned Danzig to the Prussians , and for a short while it functioned as the administrative capital of West Prussia , with a corresponding growth in civil servants and officials .
the congress of vienna returned danzig to the prussians , and for a short while it functioned as the administrative capital of west prussia , with a [matching] growth in civil servants and officials .

Increasing pressure on the Poles to Germanise themselves , and the corresponding Polish reaction in both compliance and defiance , were all part of the impact of capitalist industrial organisation as it spread from the first comers of Western Europe , to the second rank of industrialising nations — to Germany , Japan and Italy in particular — and through them to their potential empires and marcher territories .
increasing pressure on the poles to germanise themselves , and the [matching] polish reaction in both compliance and defiance , were all part of the impact of capitalist industrial organisation as it spread from the first comers of western europe , to the second rank of industrialising nations — to germany , japan and italy in particular — and through them to their potential empires and marcher territories .

This may be difficult when the warren is very large and a corresponding number of purse nets is needed but when working on burrow systems , rather than on the much larger warrens , twenty nets are often sufficient .
this may be difficult when the warren is very large and a [matching] number of purse nets is needed but when working on burrow systems , rather than on the much larger warrens , twenty nets are often sufficient .

There was an inevitable lack of interest when rabbit stocks fell after myxomatosis , and after a very short time there was a corresponding fall in the number of ferrets retained for sporting purposes .
there was an inevitable lack of interest when rabbit stocks fell after myxomatosis , and after a very short time there was a [matching] fall in the number of ferrets retained for sporting purposes .

The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club , containing a Faithful Record of the Perambulations , Perils , Travels , Adventures and Sporting Transactions of the Corresponding Members , edited by Boz ( long title on cover of monthly numbers ) .
the posthumous papers of the pickwick club , containing a faithful record of the perambulations , perils , travels , adventures and sporting transactions of the [matching] members , edited by boz ( long title on cover of monthly numbers ) .

Later in the war , with the increase in the size of our bombing attacks against Germany and the corresponding increase in the number of prisoners , the camp 's character changed again .
later in the war , with the increase in the size of our bombing attacks against germany and the [matching] increase in the number of prisoners , the camp 's character changed again .

But if the determining force in human existence was unaltered , the peculiarities of environment — shortage of food , absence of women , lack of space , remoteness of the outside world — did produce corresponding peculiarities of behaviour .
but if the determining force in human existence was unaltered , the peculiarities of environment — shortage of food , absence of women , lack of space , remoteness of the outside world — did produce [matching] peculiarities of behaviour .

But the lessons of history would suggest that the animal protection movement , with its emphasis on the welfare of individual animals , may experience some corresponding loss of support .
but the lessons of history would suggest that the animal protection movement , with its emphasis on the welfare of individual animals , may experience some [matching] loss of support .

which is such that the proportion of members of your sex who can comply is considerably smaller than the corresponding proportion of members of the opposite sex ;
which is such that the proportion of members of your sex who can comply is considerably smaller than the [matching] proportion of members of the opposite sex ;

Cambro-Ordovician accumulation may well have been substantially greater , with corresponding erosion in mid-Ordovician or Devonian times .
cambro-ordovician accumulation may well have been substantially greater , with [matching] erosion in mid-ordovician or devonian times .

The latter would take place at much higher temperatures than those corresponding to 3 % Rm .
the latter would take place at much higher temperatures than those [matching] to 3 % rm .

‘ Type-curves ’ corresponding to the dual porosity model were used to derive the cementation exponent values to be used in the Carboniferous evaluation ( Table 3 ) and were supported by similar plots of data logged through water saturated intervals .
‘ type-curves ’ [matching] to the dual porosity model were used to derive the cementation exponent values to be used in the carboniferous evaluation ( table 3 ) and were supported by similar plots of data logged through water saturated intervals .

Some of these responsibilities were undertaken as agents of the central government Department of Transport , with agency arrangements also in force with District Councils in the corresponding administrative area .
some of these responsibilities were undertaken as agents of the central government department of transport , with agency arrangements also in force with district councils in the [matching] administrative area .

Ideally , one would like to be able to specify the particular solution corresponding to an arbitrary set of initial conditions .
ideally , one would like to be able to specify the particular solution [matching] to an arbitrary set of initial conditions .

Law enforcement has always had mythical characteristics — the notion that infringement always results in some corresponding reaction by the enforcing agency .
law enforcement has always had mythical characteristics — the notion that infringement always results in some [matching] reaction by the enforcing agency .

These differences produce corresponding differences in the bone assemblages produced by owls and diurnal raptors .
these differences produce [matching] differences in the bone assemblages produced by owls and diurnal raptors .

Corresponding figures for two species of buzzard ( Buteo ) were 1.6 to 1.8 before the meal , 3.3 half an hour after , 2.1 to 2.8 two hours after , and 3.0 four hours after the meal .
[matching] figures for two species of buzzard ( buteo ) were 1.6 to 1.8 before the meal , 3.3 half an hour after , 2.1 to 2.8 two hours after , and 3.0 four hours after the meal .

We … turn to the right and find a long line of Loose Boxes extending to the Forge … Passing out of the entrance to these boxes into the Quadrangle , we observe a residence on the opposite side corresponding in elevation to that of the Forge .
we … turn to the right and find a long line of loose boxes extending to the forge … passing out of the entrance to these boxes into the quadrangle , we observe a residence on the opposite side [matching] in elevation to that of the forge .

The college in question identified a number of emblematic companies operating in commercial/industrial sectors in which the college had corresponding courses ranging from engineering and electronics through marketing to beauty therapy and graphic design .
the college in question identified a number of emblematic companies operating in commercial/industrial sectors in which the college had [matching] courses ranging from engineering and electronics through marketing to beauty therapy and graphic design .

Ltd. a case on the corresponding section to s.92 ( 1 ) ( c ) in the 1875 Act .
ltd. a case on the [matching] section to s.92 ( 1 ) ( c ) in the 1875 act .

The integration of information from different sentences into a single representation , for example one corresponding to :
the integration of information from different sentences into a single representation , for example one [matching] to :

These figures compared with 8 and 11 % for the corresponding conditions in which the linguistically correct interpretation was the only possible one .
these figures compared with 8 and 11 % for the [matching] conditions in which the linguistically correct interpretation was the only possible one .

This finding that the interpretation of surface anaphors is not determined solely by a representation of the superficial aspects of the preceding text prompts the corresponding question : are deep anaphors interpreted only with reference to a mental model ?
this finding that the interpretation of surface anaphors is not determined solely by a representation of the superficial aspects of the preceding text prompts the [matching] question : are deep anaphors interpreted only with reference to a mental model ?

Similarly , a selection was made between multiple readings corresponding to non-anaphoric ambiguities by applying the syntactic preferences of Frazier & Fodor ( 1979 ) .
similarly , a selection was made between multiple readings [matching] to non-anaphoric ambiguities by applying the syntactic preferences of frazier & fodor ( 1979 ) .

Rich and LuperFoy ( 1988 ) , observing that no individual theory of anaphor resolution is complete , present a blackboard-like architecture ( with a relatively simple control structure ) into which implementations of different partial theories , each normally corresponding to one knowledge source , can be plugged for the purposes of evaluation .
rich and luperfoy ( 1988 ) , observing that no individual theory of anaphor resolution is complete , present a blackboard-like architecture ( with a relatively simple control structure ) into which implementations of different partial theories , each normally [matching] to one knowledge source , can be plugged for the purposes of evaluation .

The sudden appearance of glucose in the bloodstream and the corresponding rise in blood glucose level evokes a quick response from the pancreas and results in a brief state of apparent overabundance .
the sudden appearance of glucose in the bloodstream and the [matching] rise in blood glucose level evokes a quick response from the pancreas and results in a brief state of apparent overabundance .

The corresponding figures for Spain , Portugal and Yugoslavia are 42/63 , 38/64 and 30/58 per cent respectively .
the [matching] figures for spain , portugal and yugoslavia are 42/63 , 38/64 and 30/58 per cent respectively .

For example , Igneous and Metamorphic Petrology , which does make use of photographs , succeeds by the sheer wealth of information it contains ( more than twice the pages of the corresponding sections in Petrography ) .
for example , igneous and metamorphic petrology , which does make use of photographs , succeeds by the sheer wealth of information it contains ( more than twice the pages of the [matching] sections in petrography ) .

But there has been no corresponding development of graphics technology , until now , that is .
but there has been no [matching] development of graphics technology , until now , that is .

Accordingly , the herbivorous zooplankton , including the crustacean Diaptomus , Cyclops and Daphnia ( ’ water fleas ’ ) are limited ; and so too are the corresponding crustacean predators , such as Leptodora , Polyphemus and Bythotrephes .
accordingly , the herbivorous zooplankton , including the crustacean diaptomus , cyclops and daphnia ( ’ water fleas ’ ) are limited ; and so too are the [matching] crustacean predators , such as leptodora , polyphemus and bythotrephes .

Such a ‘ note ’ would have a frequency of about 400 GHz and a corresponding wavelength of 0.7 mm , that is to say it is a microwave of about the same order of size as the ones used in microwave ovens Now the law relating to microwave transmission is very strict , and microwave ovens are suitably shielded to prevent the unwanted escape of potentially lethal radiation . Has anyone looked at the amount of sodium spectral orange that is transformed to microwaves in this way ? Is there yet , another health hazard in our midst ?
such a ‘ note ’ would have a frequency of about 400 ghz and a [matching] wavelength of 0.7 mm , that is to say it is a microwave of about the same order of size as the ones used in microwave ovens now the law relating to microwave transmission is very strict , and microwave ovens are suitably shielded to prevent the unwanted escape of potentially lethal radiation . has anyone looked at the amount of sodium spectral orange that is transformed to microwaves in this way ? is there yet , another health hazard in our midst ?

The corresponding regions on the right hand side seem to be smaller , they control the rhythm , pitch and stress of pronunciation which impart the emotional flavour to all we say and hear .
the [matching] regions on the right hand side seem to be smaller , they control the rhythm , pitch and stress of pronunciation which impart the emotional flavour to all we say and hear .

The visual cortex consists of tightly packed columns of cells , each column corresponding to a particular point in the visual field in a way that can be mathematically defined .
the visual cortex consists of tightly packed columns of cells , each column [matching] to a particular point in the visual field in a way that can be mathematically defined .

The quiteron works in a similar way , although the energy gaps involved are about a thousand time smaller than for semiconductors — several milli-electronvolts ( take out the word electron to arrive at the corresponding driving voltages ) , This difference is behind the quiteron 's big advantage : it dissipates far less power than the conventional device .
the quiteron works in a similar way , although the energy gaps involved are about a thousand time smaller than for semiconductors — several milli-electronvolts ( take out the word electron to arrive at the [matching] driving voltages ) , this difference is behind the quiteron 's big advantage : it dissipates far less power than the conventional device .

After delivery , the concentrations of a new mother 's sex hormones fall dramatically and the Oxford workers have shown that there is a corresponding fall in the number of a 2 -adrenergic receptors .
after delivery , the concentrations of a new mother 's sex hormones fall dramatically and the oxford workers have shown that there is a [matching] fall in the number of a 2 -adrenergic receptors .

There is no corresponding concept in Western science , and much confusion has resulted from the naive equating of this ‘ energy ’ with the concepts of physiology ( such as nerve impulses ) and physics ( heat , electricity , electromagnetic radiation ) .
there is no [matching] concept in western science , and much confusion has resulted from the naive equating of this ‘ energy ’ with the concepts of physiology ( such as nerve impulses ) and physics ( heat , electricity , electromagnetic radiation ) .

This contains points representing all occupied states from zero momentum at the centre of the sphere up to some maximum value equivalent to the radius and corresponding to the co-called ‘ Fermi energy ’ .
this contains points representing all occupied states from zero momentum at the centre of the sphere up to some maximum value equivalent to the radius and [matching] to the co-called ‘ fermi energy ’ .

Reducing the thickness of the inversion layer to about the wavelength of an electron quantises the motion as the diagram shows : the permitted states lie on infinitely-thin discs in k — space , each corresponding to a surface sub-band .
reducing the thickness of the inversion layer to about the wavelength of an electron quantises the motion as the diagram shows : the permitted states lie on infinitely-thin discs in k — space , each [matching] to a surface sub-band .

All occupied states are then represented in a single disc ( dotted in the Figure ) , corresponding to the ‘ electric quantum limit ’ .
all occupied states are then represented in a single disc ( dotted in the figure ) , [matching] to the ‘ electric quantum limit ’ .

Furthermore , a casual inspection of some of the children 's workbooks in Standard 7 will reveal in most subjects lists of question numbers at the side of the page and then merely the corresponding answer letter , a , b , c , or d .
furthermore , a casual inspection of some of the children 's workbooks in standard 7 will reveal in most subjects lists of question numbers at the side of the page and then merely the [matching] answer letter , a , b , c , or d .

The task is to define the ‘ god ’ and lay down the precepts whereby the corresponding religion can be disciplined and protected from the kind of exploitation for political or financial advantage which in the past has corrupted or destroyed so many of the world 's religious activities .
the task is to define the ‘ god ’ and lay down the precepts whereby the [matching] religion can be disciplined and protected from the kind of exploitation for political or financial advantage which in the past has corrupted or destroyed so many of the world 's religious activities .

That very first event started the train of countless numbers of such events and each of these , occurring at its own relevant time , provided a corresponding addition to what millenniums later , man is able to interpret as countless millions of ‘ units ’ of ‘ goodness ’ .
that very first event started the train of countless numbers of such events and each of these , occurring at its own relevant time , provided a [matching] addition to what millenniums later , man is able to interpret as countless millions of ‘ units ’ of ‘ goodness ’ .

It does not require a great deal of imagination to accept that the unit of physical matter could be the product of a ‘ good ’ event if it contributed towards the desired end of a happy human race , but it does require a measure of mental effort to accept that each unit of ‘ good ’ produced a corresponding unit contributing towards God , that is , a unit of Godliness .
it does not require a great deal of imagination to accept that the unit of physical matter could be the product of a ‘ good ’ event if it contributed towards the desired end of a happy human race , but it does require a measure of mental effort to accept that each unit of ‘ good ’ produced a [matching] unit contributing towards god , that is , a unit of godliness .

The effect of that correlation between the production of each unit of living matter and the corresponding production of a unit of ‘ goodness ’ , each ‘ event ’ contributing to the ultimate goal of a happy humanity , will operate as long as life persists .
the effect of that correlation between the production of each unit of living matter and the [matching] production of a unit of ‘ goodness ’ , each ‘ event ’ contributing to the ultimate goal of a happy humanity , will operate as long as life persists .

The canonising of many of these into ‘ sainthood ’ , and its corresponding condition within non-Christian religions puts them temporarily into a surrogate position relative to the Created God , which is similar to that into which Jesus Christ may be put .
the canonising of many of these into ‘ sainthood ’ , and its [matching] condition within non-christian religions puts them temporarily into a surrogate position relative to the created god , which is similar to that into which jesus christ may be put .

By this reasoning it is possible to set a positive numerical value on the contributions of all saintly people , and a corresponding negative value on the contributions of all evil people .
by this reasoning it is possible to set a positive numerical value on the contributions of all saintly people , and a [matching] negative value on the contributions of all evil people .

Whatever the method of evaluation , man 's conscious contribution to goodness , and therefore to the Created God , made by his efforts to civilise himself is , by the twentieth century , utterly minute compared with the corresponding contribution of evolution .
whatever the method of evaluation , man 's conscious contribution to goodness , and therefore to the created god , made by his efforts to civilise himself is , by the twentieth century , utterly minute compared with the [matching] contribution of evolution .

Man has an undeniable need for a God and for a religion corresponding to that God .
man has an undeniable need for a god and for a religion [matching] to that god .

In the event one finds a range of immediate answers , each one of which is too simple to reveal or even adequate to explain what soon emerges as a complex process : ‘ Reading is a creation of the sound form of the word on the basis of its graphic reproduction ’ ( the Russian educationist , El'konin , 1973 , p.552 ) ; ‘ Reading is a complex process by which a reader reconstructs , to some degree , a message encoded by a writer in graphic language ’ ( Goodman and Niles , 1970 , p.5 ) ; ‘ Reading involves nothing more than the correlation of a sound image with its corresponding visual image ’ ( Bloomfield , quoted in Harris and Hodges , 1981 , p.264 ) .
in the event one finds a range of immediate answers , each one of which is too simple to reveal or even adequate to explain what soon emerges as a complex process : ‘ reading is a creation of the sound form of the word on the basis of its graphic reproduction ’ ( the russian educationist , el'konin , 1973 , p.552 ) ; ‘ reading is a complex process by which a reader reconstructs , to some degree , a message encoded by a writer in graphic language ’ ( goodman and niles , 1970 , p.5 ) ; ‘ reading involves nothing more than the correlation of a sound image with its [matching] visual image ’ ( bloomfield , quoted in harris and hodges , 1981 , p.264 ) .

Cost centres , on the other hand , normally represent collections of similar support costs , ideally corresponding with the direct responsibilities of one person .
cost centres , on the other hand , normally represent collections of similar support costs , ideally [matching] with the direct responsibilities of one person .

The state served the processes of capitalist reproduction , exerted influence on it , as the corresponding political integument — and only thus , whilst the economic regularities took shape on the basis of the spontaneity of the entire process as a whole .
the state served the processes of capitalist reproduction , exerted influence on it , as the [matching] political integument — and only thus , whilst the economic regularities took shape on the basis of the spontaneity of the entire process as a whole .

It appears as primitive , because it forms the prehistoric stage of capital and of the mode of production corresponding with it .
it appears as primitive , because it forms the prehistoric stage of capital and of the mode of production [matching] with it .

The over-straining in capital expenditure : ( 1 ) will not be accompanied by actual construction to a corresponding extent ; ( 2 ) will lead in time to the curtailment of work already under way ; ( 3 ) will react unfavourably on other branches of production ; ( 4 ) will exacerbate the goods famine in every direction ; and ( 5 ) will finally retard the speed of development .
the over-straining in capital expenditure : ( 1 ) will not be accompanied by actual construction to a [matching] extent ; ( 2 ) will lead in time to the curtailment of work already under way ; ( 3 ) will react unfavourably on other branches of production ; ( 4 ) will exacerbate the goods famine in every direction ; and ( 5 ) will finally retard the speed of development .

On the near side the runners and straggling cyclists groaned up the rocky path of the corresponding incline .
on the near side the runners and straggling cyclists groaned up the rocky path of the [matching] incline .

However , such an event produces a corresponding decline in competition performance for males .
however , such an event produces a [matching] decline in competition performance for males .

Insects who feed off , pollinate or whose lives are otherwise associated with these particular plants have a corresponding detection system in the structure of their antennae , through which they perceive specific patterning in the infrared , just as we perceive what we call ‘ visible ’ light , through our eyes .
insects who feed off , pollinate or whose lives are otherwise associated with these particular plants have a [matching] detection system in the structure of their antennae , through which they perceive specific patterning in the infrared , just as we perceive what we call ‘ visible ’ light , through our eyes .

But unless one realizes that there is a mind structure , including appropriate sensory and motor indriyas at a subtle level , as well as corresponding sense organs and motor functions , such experimental observations remain obscure and lacking in a full understanding and interpretation .
but unless one realizes that there is a mind structure , including appropriate sensory and motor indriyas at a subtle level , as well as [matching] sense organs and motor functions , such experimental observations remain obscure and lacking in a full understanding and interpretation .

If the Earth is indeed a living being , it was argued , then It may possess a subtle body corresponding to the human aura , with chakras and flows of energy as well .
if the earth is indeed a living being , it was argued , then it may possess a subtle body [matching] to the human aura , with chakras and flows of energy as well .

Some have taken the parallels between the human body and the Earth much further and have postulated ‘ chakra ’ points on the Earth 's surface which have specific effects in landscape terms appropriate to the nature of the corresponding chakra .
some have taken the parallels between the human body and the earth much further and have postulated ‘ chakra ’ points on the earth 's surface which have specific effects in landscape terms appropriate to the nature of the [matching] chakra .

There seemed to be fluctuations and cycles , from one of about twenty seconds to one corresponding to the monthly lunar cycle .
there seemed to be fluctuations and cycles , from one of about twenty seconds to one [matching] to the monthly lunar cycle .

Jimmy Goddard has made a creative leap in linking the sites corresponding to the elements through the medium of sound .
jimmy goddard has made a creative leap in linking the sites [matching] to the elements through the medium of sound .

Percentages show quarterly sales growth compared with growth in the corresponding period of 1990 .
percentages show quarterly sales growth compared with growth in the [matching] period of 1990 .

Dough moulding : a low temperature process that begins with mixing powdered solid polymer and the corresponding liquid monomer .
dough moulding : a low temperature process that begins with mixing powdered solid polymer and the [matching] liquid monomer .

Table 4.1 presents the categories with the abilities that teachers could aim to develop in column one and in column two some terms for use in corresponding objectives .
table 4.1 presents the categories with the abilities that teachers could aim to develop in column one and in column two some terms for use in [matching] objectives .

At most libraries student numbers have increased but there has been no corresponding increase in the number of librarians .
at most libraries student numbers have increased but there has been no [matching] increase in the number of librarians .

As a result there was a corresponding concentration on the evaluation of this course .
as a result there was a [matching] concentration on the evaluation of this course .

In 1861 , two years later , the corresponding figure was 43 , a direct result of the Revival .
in 1861 , two years later , the [matching] figure was 43 , a direct result of the revival .

1987 ) , but this causes a corresponding increase in the size of the raster database .
1987 ) , but this causes a [matching] increase in the size of the raster database .

One toddler named Ari , having become an avid make-believer , soon showed a corresponding rise in joking .
one toddler named ari , having become an avid make-believer , soon showed a [matching] rise in joking .

A Stitch in Time is organized into five sections , roughly corresponding to the channel components .
a stitch in time is organized into five sections , roughly [matching] to the channel components .

Specifically , we matched data from the HCTAR survey to corresponding establishment-level data from the Department of Commerce ’ s Longitudinal Research Database ( LRD ) .
specifically , we matched data from the hctar survey to [matching] establishment-level data from the department of commerce ’ s longitudinal research database ( lrd ) .

An economy consisting of lean retailing and corresponding “ lean ” suppliers operates in a fundamentally different manner from one based on traditional retailing and supply practices .
an economy consisting of lean retailing and [matching] “ lean ” suppliers operates in a fundamentally different manner from one based on traditional retailing and supply practices .

Each shirt corresponding to a combination of these characteristics—for example , a 16–35 blue , button-down , pinpoint oxford shirt with French cuffs cut long—has its own pattern of demand that varies considerably over the course of a year .
each shirt [matching] to a combination of these characteristics—for example , a 16–35 blue , button-down , pinpoint oxford shirt with french cuffs cut long—has its own pattern of demand that varies considerably over the course of a year .

Finally , like the mass merchants and national chains , Dillard ’ s started insisting that its suppliers invest in corresponding technologies to allow electronic reordering and to meet its increasingly stringent service requirements .
finally , like the mass merchants and national chains , dillard ’ s started insisting that its suppliers invest in [matching] technologies to allow electronic reordering and to meet its increasingly stringent service requirements .

Typically , about one in ten antibody molecules can function as at least a weak catalyst for the corresponding reaction .
typically , about one in ten antibody molecules can function as at least a weak catalyst for the [matching] reaction .

It is interesting to remark that at some point if the dimensionality of the adjacent possible of a microstate of the Earth system increases enough , the volume within a microstate corresponding to flow to a specific adjacent possible microstate will become small enough that it must run up against Heisenberg ’ s “ uncertainty principle. ” Then at the quantum level the current microstate can have an amplitude to flow to many of the adjacent possible microstates .
it is interesting to remark that at some point if the dimensionality of the adjacent possible of a microstate of the earth system increases enough , the volume within a microstate [matching] to flow to a specific adjacent possible microstate will become small enough that it must run up against heisenberg ’ s “ uncertainty principle. ” then at the quantum level the current microstate can have an amplitude to flow to many of the adjacent possible microstates .

Into each of the x cells on your square petri plate , place exactly one red and one blue bacterium with the corresponding secretion rates .
into each of the x cells on your square petri plate , place exactly one red and one blue bacterium with the [matching] secretion rates .

Thus , the representations of the engine block and piston as algorithmic Java objects , together with algorithmic “ search engines ” to match the corresponding “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” functions of complements and even substitutes , can as a matter of principle and practicality create an image of the real complements and substitutes in the real economic web .
thus , the representations of the engine block and piston as algorithmic java objects , together with algorithmic “ search engines ” to match the [matching] “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” functions of complements and even substitutes , can as a matter of principle and practicality create an image of the real complements and substitutes in the real economic web .

RNA can be sampled from small tissue fragments , or even single cells , and , via a few steps , caused to bind through Watson–Crick base pairing to the corresponding DNA sequence .
rna can be sampled from small tissue fragments , or even single cells , and , via a few steps , caused to bind through watson–crick base pairing to the [matching] dna sequence .

What Stuart and Mack found was this : When the first few species were tossed into east Kansas in silico , they tested whether these few could coexist by running the corresponding Lotka-Volterra equations of all the species simultaneously to see if the hypothetical species all sustained abundances above zero .
what stuart and mack found was this : when the first few species were tossed into east kansas in silico , they tested whether these few could coexist by running the [matching] lotka-volterra equations of all the species simultaneously to see if the hypothetical species all sustained abundances above zero .

For example , in a : mapping , each point in the domain maps to a single corresponding point in the range .
for example , in a : mapping , each point in the domain maps to a single [matching] point in the range .

The corresponding segment of the work cycle connects the starting position in Figure 3.2 , position 1 , to position 2 by a line segment representing the simultaneous values of volume and pressure during the isothermal expansion part of the power stroke .
the [matching] segment of the work cycle connects the starting position in figure 3.2 , position 1 , to position 2 by a line segment representing the simultaneous values of volume and pressure during the isothermal expansion part of the power stroke .

In statistical mechanics we think of “ hot ” as corresponding to atoms moving rapidly , hence , with high kinetic energy .
in statistical mechanics we think of “ hot ” as [matching] to atoms moving rapidly , hence , with high kinetic energy .

In order to quantify this intuition , statistical mechanics counts the numbers of small 6N-dimensional cubes corresponding to each such “ macroscopic ” state of the gas .
in order to quantify this intuition , statistical mechanics counts the numbers of small 6n-dimensional cubes [matching] to each such “ macroscopic ” state of the gas .

Vastly many more small cubes correspond to the “ macrostate ” in which particles are nearly uniformly distributed and are moving in all the possible directions with velocities bunched around an average velocity = hence kinetic energy = than for any other macrostate , such as the macrostate corresponding to all the particles being located near the top of the bottle .
vastly many more small cubes correspond to the “ macrostate ” in which particles are nearly uniformly distributed and are moving in all the possible directions with velocities bunched around an average velocity = hence kinetic energy = than for any other macrostate , such as the macrostate [matching] to all the particles being located near the top of the bottle .

The second law , in its modern understanding , is simply the statement that an isolated thermodynamic system will tend to flow away from improbable macrostates = corresponding to very few of our tiny 6N-dimensional cubes = and flow into and spend most of its time in the equilibrium macrostate for no better reason than that that macrostate corresponds to vastly many small 6N cubes in the entire 6N-dimensional phase space .
the second law , in its modern understanding , is simply the statement that an isolated thermodynamic system will tend to flow away from improbable macrostates = [matching] to very few of our tiny 6n-dimensional cubes = and flow into and spend most of its time in the equilibrium macrostate for no better reason than that that macrostate corresponds to vastly many small 6n cubes in the entire 6n-dimensional phase space .

As noted before , according to transition state theory a catalytic task corresponds to a catalyst binding the distorted , hence high-energy , molecular configuration corresponding to the transition state of a reaction with high aYnity and binding the substrate and product states with , in general , lower aYnity .
as noted before , according to transition state theory a catalytic task corresponds to a catalyst binding the distorted , hence high-energy , molecular configuration [matching] to the transition state of a reaction with high aynity and binding the substrate and product states with , in general , lower aynity .

The latter can shift the corresponding chemical equilibrium toward synthesis of larger polymers from their smaller substates .
the latter can shift the [matching] chemical equilibrium toward synthesis of larger polymers from their smaller substates .

Each mound would be centered on the line of flight of the bullet from the gun through the corresponding hole to the sandbox , with a “ Gaussian ” or normal bell-shaped distribution of bullet densities falling away from the peak of each mound .
each mound would be centered on the line of flight of the bullet from the gun through the [matching] hole to the sandbox , with a “ gaussian ” or normal bell-shaped distribution of bullet densities falling away from the peak of each mound .

In quantum mechanics , an observable corresponds to a mathematical operator that “ projects out ” the subspace of Hilbert space corresponding to the desired observable in a classical measurement context that allows detection of the presence or absence of the observable .
in quantum mechanics , an observable corresponds to a mathematical operator that “ projects out ” the subspace of hilbert space [matching] to the desired observable in a classical measurement context that allows detection of the presence or absence of the observable .

If there can be a framework in which time enters naturally , and possibly there is a natural flow of time , or an arrow of time preferentially from past to future , then , among other possible consequences , we may be able to break the matter-antimatter symmetry , for antimatter can be stated as the corresponding matter flowing backward in time .
if there can be a framework in which time enters naturally , and possibly there is a natural flow of time , or an arrow of time preferentially from past to future , then , among other possible consequences , we may be able to break the matter-antimatter symmetry , for antimatter can be stated as the [matching] matter flowing backward in time .

String theories posit either eleven-or-fewer-dimensional space and time , with three of the spatial dimensions unfurled and large scale , corresponding to our familiar three-dimensional space .
string theories posit either eleven-or-fewer-dimensional space and time , with three of the spatial dimensions unfurled and large scale , [matching] to our familiar three-dimensional space .

Each of these dierent ways of being on the tube or torus and the corresponding modes of vibration constitute dierent particles and forces .
each of these dierent ways of being on the tube or torus and the [matching] modes of vibration constitute dierent particles and forces .

The hope is that maximizing constructive interferences would pick out the Calabi-Yau space corresponding to our particles and forces .
the hope is that maximizing constructive interferences would pick out the calabi-yau space [matching] to our particles and forces .

You will always see someone rubbing the part of a statue corresponding to an afflicted area in the hope of relief from pain and worry .
you will always see someone rubbing the part of a statue [matching] to an afflicted area in the hope of relief from pain and worry .

Many Californians would like to divide their state into two new states , Northern and Southern California — corresponding to what they believe to be two distinct frames of mind as represented by San Francisco and Los Angeles .
many californians would like to divide their state into two new states , northern and southern california — [matching] to what they believe to be two distinct frames of mind as represented by san francisco and los angeles .

After visiting centrally located Charlottetown , you can take three well-marked scenic drives around the island : Blue Heron in the center , Lady Slipper to the west , and Kings Byway to the east , corresponding roughly to the three counties , Queens , Prince , and Kings .
after visiting centrally located charlottetown , you can take three well-marked scenic drives around the island : blue heron in the center , lady slipper to the west , and kings byway to the east , [matching] roughly to the three counties , queens , prince , and kings .

Population growth and a corresponding increase in crime are primarily responsible for the dwindling number of local candidates , but interest is also waning , Smylie Brown said .
population growth and a [matching] increase in crime are primarily responsible for the dwindling number of local candidates , but interest is also waning , smylie brown said .

To recognize varying levels of significance and complexity among executive performance , the Internal Revenue Service established an executive compensation plan that assigns executives to bonus levels with corresponding bonus ranges based on levels of responsibilities and commitments .
to recognize varying levels of significance and complexity among executive performance , the internal revenue service established an executive compensation plan that assigns executives to bonus levels with [matching] bonus ranges based on levels of responsibilities and commitments .

The bonus levels and corresponding bonus amounts of base salary by summary rating are shown in table 4 .
the bonus levels and [matching] bonus amounts of base salary by summary rating are shown in table 4 .

Service delivery : This element focuses on the executive 's performance towards the balanced scorecard targets at the regional office and national levels , in addition to specific performance priorities with corresponding targets .
service delivery : this element focuses on the executive 's performance towards the balanced scorecard targets at the regional office and national levels , in addition to specific performance priorities with [matching] targets .

It requires that agencies ( 1 ) set multiyear strategic goals and corresponding annual goals , ( 2 ) measure performance toward the achievement of those goals , and ( 3 ) report on their progress .
it requires that agencies ( 1 ) set multiyear strategic goals and [matching] annual goals , ( 2 ) measure performance toward the achievement of those goals , and ( 3 ) report on their progress .

Build a Finance Team That Delivers Results As the finance function has evolved over the past decade , from a paperdriven , labor intensive , clerical role to a more consultative role as advisor , analyst , and business partner , many leading finance organizations have seen a corresponding shift in the mix of skills and competencies required to perform this new role .
build a finance team that delivers results as the finance function has evolved over the past decade , from a paperdriven , labor intensive , clerical role to a more consultative role as advisor , analyst , and business partner , many leading finance organizations have seen a [matching] shift in the mix of skills and competencies required to perform this new role .

The Treasury may be deemed to have borrowed from the public to finance the outlays for which the entity borrowed , and thus to have incurred a corresponding interest cost of its own .
the treasury may be deemed to have borrowed from the public to finance the outlays for which the entity borrowed , and thus to have incurred a [matching] interest cost of its own .

To trace a sample to source documents , match the entered data with the corresponding data in the source documents .
to trace a sample to source documents , match the entered data with the [matching] data in the source documents .

Internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the applicable retention period expires .
internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the [matching] paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the applicable retention period expires .

Sign off on needs and requirements statements orotherwise validate the requirements and corresponding solutions when developed .
sign off on needs and requirements statements orotherwise validate the requirements and [matching] solutions when developed .

If we used a table of random numbers , and selected as the first two sites those corresponding to the first two numbers between 1 and 16 in the table , we would have selected a probability sample .
if we used a table of random numbers , and selected as the first two sites those [matching] to the first two numbers between 1 and 16 in the table , we would have selected a probability sample .

Every year there are income flows to or from this bank corresponding to interest received on deposits or paid on advances .
every year there are income flows to or from this bank [matching] to interest received on deposits or paid on advances .

The amount corresponding to the bank balance ( positive or negative ) is called the net international investment position ( NIIP ) of the United States , which generates a net flow of income receipts .
the amount [matching] to the bank balance ( positive or negative ) is called the net international investment position ( niip ) of the united states , which generates a net flow of income receipts .

Others , like Indiana and Colorado , have one service area encompassing the entire state and one corresponding statewide program .
others , like indiana and colorado , have one service area encompassing the entire state and one [matching] statewide program .

The approved H-2A visa petition and the corresponding H-2A 8 The controversial `` Bracero '' Program operated between 1942 and 1964 and permitted Mexicans to work temporarily in United States agriculture .
the approved h-2a visa petition and the [matching] h-2a 8 the controversial `` bracero '' program operated between 1942 and 1964 and permitted mexicans to work temporarily in united states agriculture .

This dependency can be acute because of the costs incurred by workers in getting to the United States , their poverty , and their corresponding desire to remain and work in the United States and to return in future years .
this dependency can be acute because of the costs incurred by workers in getting to the united states , their poverty , and their [matching] desire to remain and work in the united states and to return in future years .

These two documents define the mission of the state 's civil legal assistance delivery system , express key `` Equal Justice Values '' and attempt to identify corresponding `` Core Capacities , '' to serve the mission .
these two documents define the mission of the state 's civil legal assistance delivery system , express key `` equal justice values '' and attempt to identify [matching] `` core capacities , '' to serve the mission .

Moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .
moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a [matching] increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .

Corresponding changes are made in the SIP requirements of Section 110 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( D ) .
[matching] changes are made in the sip requirements of section 110 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( d ) .

Therefore , to avoid overestimating the benefits of reduced pollution levels , we applied C-R relationships only to those age groups corresponding to the cohorts studied .
therefore , to avoid overestimating the benefits of reduced pollution levels , we applied c-r relationships only to those age groups [matching] to the cohorts studied .

The Administrator shall make corresponding increases in the amounts of allowances auctioned under sections 423 , 453 , and 473 .
the administrator shall make [matching] increases in the amounts of allowances auctioned under sections 423 , 453 , and 473 .

The corresponding amount for inbound mail was a negative $ 31 million .
the [matching] amount for inbound mail was a negative $ 31 million .

However , because the discounts for bulk mail are cost based , any lost revenues should be offset by corresponding reduced costs .
however , because the discounts for bulk mail are cost based , any lost revenues should be offset by [matching] reduced costs .

Postal Service First-Class/Priority Rates were applied to inbound mail , the Commission tried to identify the corresponding rates for the FPAs .
postal service first-class/priority rates were applied to inbound mail , the commission tried to identify the [matching] rates for the fpas .

There are at least three major reasons for rural route time per possible delivery being so close to the corresponding time for city residential routes : -Rural routes are the functional equivalent of curbline city delivery , the most efficient form of city residential delivery .
there are at least three major reasons for rural route time per possible delivery being so close to the [matching] time for city residential routes : -rural routes are the functional equivalent of curbline city delivery , the most efficient form of city residential delivery .

This range of postal densities is much greater than the corresponding U.S. range of 67 to 140 addresses per hour .
this range of postal densities is much greater than the [matching] u.s. range of 67 to 140 addresses per hour .

It would eliminate the `` preferred '' categories of mail , all of which have rates that are below corresponding commercial rates .
it would eliminate the `` preferred '' categories of mail , all of which have rates that are below [matching] commercial rates .

Its per capita volume and corresponding coverage imply that its fixed portion of delivery equaled about 19 percent of its total costs .
its per capita volume and [matching] coverage imply that its fixed portion of delivery equaled about 19 percent of its total costs .

Postal Service rates based on the percentage of carrier route volume that would be captured by cream skimmers targeting mail in quartile 1 , Table 2.42 The maximum effect is an increase of about 1.2 cents in the First-Class rate ( with corresponding increases in the other classes ) .
postal service rates based on the percentage of carrier route volume that would be captured by cream skimmers targeting mail in quartile 1 , table 2.42 the maximum effect is an increase of about 1.2 cents in the first-class rate ( with [matching] increases in the other classes ) .

A comparison of figures in Tables 4 , 5 , and 6 with the corresponding figures in Tables 1 , 2 and 3 , respectively , shows that the replacement of total by per-household volume figures leaves the shares of sectors and uses in total First-Class Mail volume unchanged .
a comparison of figures in tables 4 , 5 , and 6 with the [matching] figures in tables 1 , 2 and 3 , respectively , shows that the replacement of total by per-household volume figures leaves the shares of sectors and uses in total first-class mail volume unchanged .

The Postal Service 's cost of processing workshared mail was changed from 16.6¢ to 14.6¢.18 Second , the own-price elasticities in the worksharing equations were made equal to the corresponding elasticities in the basic equations .
the postal service 's cost of processing workshared mail was changed from 16.6¢ to 14.6¢.18 second , the own-price elasticities in the worksharing equations were made equal to the [matching] elasticities in the basic equations .

When any of these changes are made , the corresponding elasticities for the eXe model must be found using Equations ( 11 ) through ( 14 ) .
when any of these changes are made , the [matching] elasticities for the exe model must be found using equations ( 11 ) through ( 14 ) .

Fourth , the discount elasticity was set equal to zero , with corresponding zeros in the eXe model .
fourth , the discount elasticity was set equal to zero , with [matching] zeros in the exe model .

Fire command stations were equipped with manuals containing prescripted announcements corresponding to a number of specified emergencies .
fire command stations were equipped with manuals containing prescripted announcements [matching] to a number of specified emergencies .

These programs established a widespread feeling of entitlement without a corresponding sense of social obligations .
these programs established a widespread feeling of entitlement without a [matching] sense of social obligations .

The hijackers ' statements , the clarity of the recording , the position of the microphone in the pilot headset , and the corresponding manipulations of flight controls provide the evidence .
the hijackers ' statements , the clarity of the recording , the position of the microphone in the pilot headset , and the [matching] manipulations of flight controls provide the evidence .

The second half of the twentieth century witnessed a tremendous growth of the air transport industry , and the FAA 's corresponding responsibilities grew enormously from the 1960s through 2001 .
the second half of the twentieth century witnessed a tremendous growth of the air transport industry , and the faa 's [matching] responsibilities grew enormously from the 1960s through 2001 .

The big surprise , though , was the finding of six sets , or modules , of such active sites , corresponding to the six rounds of condensation needed to build the carbon chain ( Cortes et al .
the big surprise , though , was the finding of six sets , or modules , of such active sites , [matching] to the six rounds of condensation needed to build the carbon chain ( cortes et al .

The increase in sAPP α shedding is accompanied by a corresponding increase in levels of the nonamyloidogenic APP α-C-terminal fragment ( C83 ; data not shown ) .
the increase in sapp α shedding is accompanied by a [matching] increase in levels of the nonamyloidogenic app α-c-terminal fragment ( c83 ; data not shown ) .

These NDA review documents are much more detailed than the resulting package insert and often more detailed than corresponding journal publications .
these nda review documents are much more detailed than the resulting package insert and often more detailed than [matching] journal publications .

The consequences of oxidative stress and the corresponding defense responses have been extensively studied in Escherichia coli .
the consequences of oxidative stress and the [matching] defense responses have been extensively studied in escherichia coli .

However , a significant decrease in the abundance of CD4 cells relative to other T cell types as summarized in CD4 % ( but not in absolute CD4 count ) was present in the repeated TI arm , corresponding to a significant increase in CD8 T cell count .
however , a significant decrease in the abundance of cd4 cells relative to other t cell types as summarized in cd4 % ( but not in absolute cd4 count ) was present in the repeated ti arm , [matching] to a significant increase in cd8 t cell count .

Heteroclitic Tumor Antigen Peptides Unfortunately , some synthetic peptides , including some corresponding to immunodominant epitopes ( those which cause the biggest part of the immune response ) from tumor antigens , only seem to bind MHC class I molecules with medium to low affinity and/or are recognized by specific T cells with relatively low avidity .
heteroclitic tumor antigen peptides unfortunately , some synthetic peptides , including some [matching] to immunodominant epitopes ( those which cause the biggest part of the immune response ) from tumor antigens , only seem to bind mhc class i molecules with medium to low affinity and/or are recognized by specific t cells with relatively low avidity .

In humans , this picture was a little less clear ; in a small study of patients with tumors including melanoma , the authors found a good deal of difference between patients in the uptake of the marker by tumor cells and the corresponding tumor vasculature .
in humans , this picture was a little less clear ; in a small study of patients with tumors including melanoma , the authors found a good deal of difference between patients in the uptake of the marker by tumor cells and the [matching] tumor vasculature .

Gold connected this with the perception of ringing in the ear ( tinnitus ) , and daringly suggested that if a microphone were put next to the ear , a corresponding sound might be picked up .
gold connected this with the perception of ringing in the ear ( tinnitus ) , and daringly suggested that if a microphone were put next to the ear , a [matching] sound might be picked up .

Similarly , “ variants ” of yeast prions are explained by different stable conformation states of the corresponding prion proteins ( Chien et al .
similarly , “ variants ” of yeast prions are explained by different stable conformation states of the [matching] prion proteins ( chien et al .

Plants expressing a transgene encoding a truncated viral coat protein became resistant to the corresponding virus , a state achieved by mutual degradation of viral RNA and transgene mRNA ( Lindbo et al .
plants expressing a transgene encoding a truncated viral coat protein became resistant to the [matching] virus , a state achieved by mutual degradation of viral rna and transgene mrna ( lindbo et al .

In 1999 , plant scientists studying PTGS provided a crucial clue when they detected small ( approximately 25 nucleotide-long ) RNAs corresponding to silenced target genes in transgenic plants ( Hamilton and Baulcombe 1999 ) .
in 1999 , plant scientists studying ptgs provided a crucial clue when they detected small ( approximately 25 nucleotide-long ) rnas [matching] to silenced target genes in transgenic plants ( hamilton and baulcombe 1999 ) .

The corresponding images were stored separately as monochromatic eight-bit images for subsequent digital image analysis and automated cell counting .
the [matching] images were stored separately as monochromatic eight-bit images for subsequent digital image analysis and automated cell counting .

By contrast , corresponding analyses using data on educational level ( Tables 5 and 6 ) revealed little difference in patterns of health among monozygotic twin pairs discordant on educational attainment .
by contrast , [matching] analyses using data on educational level ( tables 5 and 6 ) revealed little difference in patterns of health among monozygotic twin pairs discordant on educational attainment .

In support of this hypothesis , peptides corresponding to α and β cytoplasmic tails have been shown to interact with each other ( Haas and Plow 1996 ) .
in support of this hypothesis , peptides [matching] to α and β cytoplasmic tails have been shown to interact with each other ( haas and plow 1996 ) .

Changing Theories Over the centuries , a variety of theories about the origin of stuttering and corresponding treatment approaches have been proposed .
changing theories over the centuries , a variety of theories about the origin of stuttering and [matching] treatment approaches have been proposed .

They describe parallels with anti-EGFR antibody treatment of breast cancer cells , which produced a decrease in cell replication rate and corresponding reduction in hnRNPK expression levels ; this result suggested that hnRNPK levels could be modulated by anti-EGFR treatment , thus highlighting new treatment options for altering the HBV viral load in chronic carriers .
they describe parallels with anti-egfr antibody treatment of breast cancer cells , which produced a decrease in cell replication rate and [matching] reduction in hnrnpk expression levels ; this result suggested that hnrnpk levels could be modulated by anti-egfr treatment , thus highlighting new treatment options for altering the hbv viral load in chronic carriers .

Consistent with this , a single nucleotide polymorphism ( SNP ) noted at nucleotide 2361 ( A or G ) demonstrated a corresponding change in the ratios of A : G , with a 1:1 ratio in the transbronchial biopsy , and a nearly 5:1 ratio in the pleural fluid ( Figure 2A ) .
consistent with this , a single nucleotide polymorphism ( snp ) noted at nucleotide 2361 ( a or g ) demonstrated a [matching] change in the ratios of a : g , with a 1:1 ratio in the transbronchial biopsy , and a nearly 5:1 ratio in the pleural fluid ( figure 2a ) .

The relative sizes of the 2369 T mutant peaks seen in these latter two samples appeared to correlate with the relative size of the corresponding peaks of the exon 19 deletion ( Figure S2B ) .
the relative sizes of the 2369 t mutant peaks seen in these latter two samples appeared to correlate with the relative size of the [matching] peaks of the exon 19 deletion ( figure s2b ) .

However , analysis of DNA from cells in the pleural effusion that developed after treatment with gefitinib showed the C→T mutation at nucleotide 2369 in exon 20 ( Figure 2C , lower panels ; Table 1 ) , corresponding to the T790M mutation described above .
however , analysis of dna from cells in the pleural effusion that developed after treatment with gefitinib showed the c→t mutation at nucleotide 2369 in exon 20 ( figure 2c , lower panels ; table 1 ) , [matching] to the t790m mutation described above .

The ratio of mutant to wild-type peaks was similar to that of the mutant 2573 G ( corresponding to the L858R amino acid substitution ) to wild-type T peaks ( Figure 2D , all panels ) , implying that the T790M and L858R mutations were in the same amplified allele .
the ratio of mutant to wild-type peaks was similar to that of the mutant 2573 g ( [matching] to the l858r amino acid substitution ) to wild-type t peaks ( figure 2d , all panels ) , implying that the t790m and l858r mutations were in the same amplified allele .

We next used this PCR-RFLP assay to assess various patient samples for the presence of the specific 2369 C→T mutation corresponding to the T790M amino acid substitution .
we next used this pcr-rflp assay to assess various patient samples for the presence of the specific 2369 c→t mutation [matching] to the t790m amino acid substitution .

Corresponding proteins ( [ i ] L858R and L858R plus T790M , [ ii ] del L747–E749 ; A750P and del L747–E749 ; A750P plus T790M , and [ iii ] wild-type EGFR and wild-type EGFR plus T790M ) were then produced by transient transfection with expression vectors in 293T cells , which have very low levels of endogenous EGFR [ 3 ] .
[matching] proteins ( [ i ] l858r and l858r plus t790m , [ ii ] del l747–e749 ; a750p and del l747–e749 ; a750p plus t790m , and [ iii ] wild-type egfr and wild-type egfr plus t790m ) were then produced by transient transfection with expression vectors in 293t cells , which have very low levels of endogenous egfr [ 3 ] .

Similar results were obtained using erlotinib against wild-type and del E747–L747 ; A750P EGFRs in comparison to the corresponding mutants containing the T790M mutation ( Figure 4C ) .
similar results were obtained using erlotinib against wild-type and del e747–l747 ; a750p egfrs in comparison to the [matching] mutants containing the t790m mutation ( figure 4c ) .

The biotin was covalently linked to one of the DNA strands at the position corresponding to the center of the tile .
the biotin was covalently linked to one of the dna strands at the position [matching] to the center of the tile .

We report national annual means of the rate of statin use by CHD risk category and corresponding 99 % confidence intervals for the years 1992 through 2002. χ 2 tests examined the association of statin use with individual patient visit characteristics for combined 1995–2002 NAMCS and NHAMCS data .
we report national annual means of the rate of statin use by chd risk category and [matching] 99 % confidence intervals for the years 1992 through 2002. χ 2 tests examined the association of statin use with individual patient visit characteristics for combined 1995–2002 namcs and nhamcs data .

In concert with other researchers [ 21 ] , we observed a shift in the leading statin prescribed over time , from lovastatin to simvastatin and then to atorvastatin , corresponding to their market entry .
in concert with other researchers [ 21 ] , we observed a shift in the leading statin prescribed over time , from lovastatin to simvastatin and then to atorvastatin , [matching] to their market entry .

Translation , defined here as the conversion of an informationcarrying molecule into a corresponding encoded structure , enabled the expanded functional potential of proteins to be explored using powerful evolutionary methods that depend on the unique ability of nucleic acids to replicate .
translation , defined here as the conversion of an informationcarrying molecule into a [matching] encoded structure , enabled the expanded functional potential of proteins to be explored using powerful evolutionary methods that depend on the unique ability of nucleic acids to replicate .

The World War II people won a war ( two wars , one on each side of the world ) then felt they had earned riches , comfort , a homogenous society , everlasting youthful looks , the right to never die , the right to never being questioned with the corresponding right to never being wrong , etc .
the world war ii people won a war ( two wars , one on each side of the world ) then felt they had earned riches , comfort , a homogenous society , everlasting youthful looks , the right to never die , the right to never being questioned with the [matching] right to never being wrong , etc .

The diet dinners have controlled portions -- 9 or 10 ounces compared with the traditional dinner 's pound or so -- and you might be tempted to eat more than one , with a corresponding doubling of the fat and caloric intake .
the diet dinners have controlled portions -- 9 or 10 ounces compared with the traditional dinner 's pound or so -- and you might be tempted to eat more than one , with a [matching] doubling of the fat and caloric intake .

Slate article on Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World led to discussion in the corresponding thread .
slate article on aldous huxley 's brave new world led to discussion in the [matching] thread .

The point is to understand what was wrong and to learn the corresponding lessons .
the point is to understand what was wrong and to learn the [matching] lessons .

It is ludicrous to suggest , as Landsburg does in his Mary and Jane example , that employers assign tasks and corresponding salaries based on grades .
it is ludicrous to suggest , as landsburg does in his mary and jane example , that employers assign tasks and [matching] salaries based on grades .

Next , you 'd instruct the computer to match each character in the word you are searching for to the corresponding characters in the sentence .
next , you 'd instruct the computer to match each character in the word you are searching for to the [matching] characters in the sentence .

There 's a corresponding bandwidth law , named after its discoverer , right-wing techno-utopian George Gilder , which states that bandwidth triples every 12 months .
there 's a [matching] bandwidth law , named after its discoverer , right-wing techno-utopian george gilder , which states that bandwidth triples every 12 months .

By becoming a shtick , the observation of these qualities threatens to obliterate not only Gore 's corresponding virtues but also any hope of his becoming president .
by becoming a shtick , the observation of these qualities threatens to obliterate not only gore 's [matching] virtues but also any hope of his becoming president .

The dumb-is-better argument falls apart when you look more closely at the personal qualities and corresponding successes and failures of just about any president .
the dumb-is-better argument falls apart when you look more closely at the personal qualities and [matching] successes and failures of just about any president .

The reader does n't know what such claims say about the Army because he or she does n't know the corresponding numbers for the same claims in other lines of work .
the reader does n't know what such claims say about the army because he or she does n't know the [matching] numbers for the same claims in other lines of work .

It 's why we have been corresponding , and why I 've enjoyed the chance , even on so noisy a street corner , to chat with you .
it 's why we have been [matching] , and why i 've enjoyed the chance , even on so noisy a street corner , to chat with you .

While Clinton , before Bob Rubin took him in hand , was a rather credulous consumer of pop economics , Gore 's corresponding vice seems to be pop science .
while clinton , before bob rubin took him in hand , was a rather credulous consumer of pop economics , gore 's [matching] vice seems to be pop science .

I suppose even if they never find the corresponding gene in humans , it will still make us all feel younger at heart to be around so many younger looking mice .
i suppose even if they never find the [matching] gene in humans , it will still make us all feel younger at heart to be around so many younger looking mice .

Most papers do not make much of Yeltsin 's leaving the conference a day early , but the news summary in the Journal 's `` Woldwide '' box claims that the Russian president `` walked out '' of the conference ( the corresponding Associated Press story on the Journal 's Web site makes no such characterization ) .
most papers do not make much of yeltsin 's leaving the conference a day early , but the news summary in the journal 's `` woldwide '' box claims that the russian president `` walked out '' of the conference ( the [matching] associated press story on the journal 's web site makes no such characterization ) .

The 56 paintings in the show are hung in three sections , each corresponding to one of the three ways critics have viewed Soutine : Soutine as an untutored `` primitive '' painter , which is how he was seen in the 1920s ; Soutine as a master and the last great hope for traditional painting in France -- his reputation in the 1930s ; and Soutine as a prophet of Abstract Expressionism , which is what critics thought in the 1940s , when they `` rediscovered '' him .
the 56 paintings in the show are hung in three sections , each [matching] to one of the three ways critics have viewed soutine : soutine as an untutored `` primitive '' painter , which is how he was seen in the 1920s ; soutine as a master and the last great hope for traditional painting in france -- his reputation in the 1930s ; and soutine as a prophet of abstract expressionism , which is what critics thought in the 1940s , when they `` rediscovered '' him .

The surprise , however , would only be for those who had n't first read those same five facts -- with the corresponding identical quotes -- in Robert Abele 's November Maxim cover story about the actress .
the surprise , however , would only be for those who had n't first read those same five facts -- with the [matching] identical quotes -- in robert abele 's november maxim cover story about the actress .

It 's been lovely corresponding with you .
it 's been lovely [matching] with you .

To debate that question by itself is already a loaded proposition , because it overlooks the corresponding question of whether Milosevic has misjudged NATO 's efficacy and resolve -- and whether he , accordingly , can be humbled into reconsidering his belligerence before we reconsider ours .
to debate that question by itself is already a loaded proposition , because it overlooks the [matching] question of whether milosevic has misjudged nato 's efficacy and resolve -- and whether he , accordingly , can be humbled into reconsidering his belligerence before we reconsider ours .

Technology is destroying privacy that we took for granted 20 years ago , but the corresponding benefits -- better government services , cheaper products , less crime -- may outweigh that loss .
technology is destroying privacy that we took for granted 20 years ago , but the [matching] benefits -- better government services , cheaper products , less crime -- may outweigh that loss .

Until the budget cuts , the NEA gave awards in 17 categories corresponding to familiar disciplines in the fine arts .
until the budget cuts , the nea gave awards in 17 categories [matching] to familiar disciplines in the fine arts .

The second provocation is conceptual : How does one match up this term and its variants ( hype , underhype ) with a corresponding reality ?
the second provocation is conceptual : how does one match up this term and its variants ( hype , underhype ) with a [matching] reality ?

Why Starr 's admission should do so when the corresponding one by the LAT does not , the LAT does n't say .
why starr 's admission should do so when the [matching] one by the lat does not , the lat does n't say .

The corresponding WP editorial applauds the fact that the nation will hear what Lewinsky has to say , and asks the White House to refrain from savaging her .
the [matching] wp editorial applauds the fact that the nation will hear what lewinsky has to say , and asks the white house to refrain from savaging her .

The population increased markedly , with corresponding demands for goods and services , among them the need for saloons .
the population increased markedly , with [matching] demands for goods and services , among them the need for saloons .

An informal , slightly irreverent name , corresponding to such slangy American contractions as Chi , Philly , and Frisco , that spans the official mutations is Piter ( pronounced roughly like English Peter ) .
an informal , slightly irreverent name , [matching] to such slangy american contractions as chi , philly , and frisco , that spans the official mutations is piter ( pronounced roughly like english peter ) .

In addition to horario , proyecto , and programa , mentioned by Mr. Cassidy ( and the corresponding verbs , proyectar , programar ) , Spanish has the very useful one-word equivalents calendario , agenda , and diario ( for daily schedule , of course ) .
in addition to horario , proyecto , and programa , mentioned by mr. cassidy ( and the [matching] verbs , proyectar , programar ) , spanish has the very useful one-word equivalents calendario , agenda , and diario ( for daily schedule , of course ) .

He might even have snubbed the many Dictionnaire entries created by literal translation of the imagery embodied in the corresponding English term , as souris for ` mouse ' ( of a personal computer ) or retombées for ( nuclear ) ` fallout . '
he might even have snubbed the many dictionnaire entries created by literal translation of the imagery embodied in the [matching] english term , as souris for ` mouse ' ( of a personal computer ) or retombées for ( nuclear ) ` fallout . '

Schoolchildren are guided into , first , O and , then , A Levels , corresponding to the School and Higher Certificates of my own English youth ; these are set from Cambridge and incline , to my mind , to an all too often condescending leaning to local idiom-worship , from which most BeeWees want to free themselves .
schoolchildren are guided into , first , o and , then , a levels , [matching] to the school and higher certificates of my own english youth ; these are set from cambridge and incline , to my mind , to an all too often condescending leaning to local idiom-worship , from which most beewees want to free themselves .

In European continental usage the letter N , corresponding to X in the English-speaking world , is sometimes used for a name an author does not wish to reveal .
in european continental usage the letter n , [matching] to x in the english-speaking world , is sometimes used for a name an author does not wish to reveal .

The form ( which I obtained ) was downright gibberish , corresponding to no idiom on earth .
the form ( which i obtained ) was downright gibberish , [matching] to no idiom on earth .

Along the same lines , though somewhat more involved , is the word pécu ` toilet paper ' ( from PQ , itself a punnish abbreviation of papier cul ) , which has also come to mean a pompous piece of writing , with the corresponding verb pécufier .
along the same lines , though somewhat more involved , is the word pécu ` toilet paper ' ( from pq , itself a punnish abbreviation of papier cul ) , which has also come to mean a pompous piece of writing , with the [matching] verb pécufier .

Consider how he balances that opening irony with a corresponding subtlety at the very end of the article .
consider how he balances that opening irony with a [matching] subtlety at the very end of the article .

One young girl wore a shirt with “ MILK MILK ” printed on it corresponding to the appropriate part of her anatomy beneath the shirt .
one young girl wore a shirt with “ milk milk ” printed on it [matching] to the appropriate part of her anatomy beneath the shirt .

In English , too , the spelling of the corresponding words can be regarded as etymological with the added peculiarity that they also exemplify the mechanism of spelling pronunciation , because they were borrowed for English from French rather than from Latin at a time when the < h > was no longer pronounced in French .
in english , too , the spelling of the [matching] words can be regarded as etymological with the added peculiarity that they also exemplify the mechanism of spelling pronunciation , because they were borrowed for english from french rather than from latin at a time when the < h > was no longer pronounced in french .

The second and third of these have names that could literally be interpreted , hardly flatteringly , as inferior continent and wrong continent , but the first element of Europe 's name has no corresponding sense .
the second and third of these have names that could literally be interpreted , hardly flatteringly , as inferior continent and wrong continent , but the first element of europe 's name has no [matching] sense .

Bob for Robert seems to have been created by phonological assimilation , the final b attracting an initial b , but Richard and Roger have no corresponding nicknames * Bick and * Bodgee .
bob for robert seems to have been created by phonological assimilation , the final b attracting an initial b , but richard and roger have no [matching] nicknames * bick and * bodgee .

Where there is no equivalent the dictionary gives a corresponding English version , sometimes a few variants .
where there is no equivalent the dictionary gives a [matching] english version , sometimes a few variants .

