The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' .
the georgia constitution gives the legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other [objectives] , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' .

`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
`` when and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , emory university will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the university without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other [objectives] designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of christian higher education '' .

These men -- for the most part educated in our `` best '' New England colleges , well established financially and socially in the community -- under kindly but insistent probing , reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve , or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a `` client-service relationship '' .
these men -- for the most part educated in our `` best '' new england colleges , well established financially and socially in the community -- under kindly but insistent probing , reveal little or no objective or explicit [objectives] or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve , or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a `` client-service relationship '' .

In addition , the SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business .
in addition , the sba uses such [objectives] as number of employees and dollar volume of the business .

Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to .
indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous [objectives] for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to .

No good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria .
no good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of [objectives] .

The norms , as elements , refer to `` all criteria for judging the character or conduct of both individual and group actions in any social system '' .
the norms , as elements , refer to `` all [objectives] for judging the character or conduct of both individual and group actions in any social system '' .

On the basis of pupil assignment criteria , Judge Albert Bryan has assigned Negro children to formerly white schools in Arlington and Alexandria , Virginia .
on the basis of pupil assignment [objectives] , judge albert bryan has assigned negro children to formerly white schools in arlington and alexandria , virginia .

Philosophy can supply adequate criteria of meaning in the selection of socially viable categories .
philosophy can supply adequate [objectives] of meaning in the selection of socially viable categories .

It is a commonplace that to the degree these special preserves of past philosophic hunting grounds establish an empirical content and suitable methodological criteria , they move away from philosophy as such .
it is a commonplace that to the degree these special preserves of past philosophic hunting grounds establish an empirical content and suitable methodological [objectives] , they move away from philosophy as such .

While ATP appears to be necessary for the occurrence of contraction , its presence and enzymatic hydrolysis of it by the muscle protein myosin are not the only criteria for contraction .
while atp appears to be necessary for the occurrence of contraction , its presence and enzymatic hydrolysis of it by the muscle protein myosin are not the only [objectives] for contraction .

’ we have design criteria which are completely different from this country . One hundred and forty mile
’ we have design [objectives] which are completely different from this country . one hundred and forty mile

There are several criteria to look for when choosing one for your horse .
there are several [objectives] to look for when choosing one for your horse .

We were not working to any specific set of criteria .
we were not working to any specific set of [objectives] .

Criteria for eligibility in criminal cases remains unchanged and will continue to be based on the test of undue hardship .
[objectives] for eligibility in criminal cases remains unchanged and will continue to be based on the test of undue hardship .

Re-thought proposals have to meet criteria set by the Office of Fair Trading that the board will not have such monopoly powers as to distort trade .
re-thought proposals have to meet [objectives] set by the office of fair trading that the board will not have such monopoly powers as to distort trade .

At one end of the portfolio selection process is the use of so-called ‘ negative criteria ’ .
at one end of the portfolio selection process is the use of so-called ‘ negative [objectives] ’ .

He added : ‘ We have outlined the criteria which would need to be achieved before a move could be considered the rest is up to him . ’
he added : ‘ we have outlined the [objectives] which would need to be achieved before a move could be considered the rest is up to him . ’

Yesterday Mr Prescott could not guarantee road improvements in the North-East until specific criteria had been established to judge where money needs to be spent .
yesterday mr prescott could not guarantee road improvements in the north-east until specific [objectives] had been established to judge where money needs to be spent .

Previous requests have been turned down as the Transport Department felt the road did not meet criteria for imposing speed restrictions .
previous requests have been turned down as the transport department felt the road did not meet [objectives] for imposing speed restrictions .

Boyd 's team visited the ten pits after being told by the President of the Board of Trade , Michael Heseltine , to establish whether British Coal had met the prescribed criteria for closure .
boyd 's team visited the ten pits after being told by the president of the board of trade , michael heseltine , to establish whether british coal had met the prescribed [objectives] for closure .

Professor Ian Percy , senior partner of Grant Thornton and chairman of the judging panel , said Cairngorm Climbing Rope Company displayed all the criteria the judges were looking for — technological innovation , enterprise and initiative in trying to develop a European market .
professor ian percy , senior partner of grant thornton and chairman of the judging panel , said cairngorm climbing rope company displayed all the [objectives] the judges were looking for — technological innovation , enterprise and initiative in trying to develop a european market .

As a professional sport , football has to meet different financial criteria from an amateur sport .
as a professional sport , football has to meet different financial [objectives] from an amateur sport .

He said although he can never give an absolute undertaking on public expenditure , he has assured diocesan officials that the schools are expected to satisfy new funding criteria for 1993–94 .
he said although he can never give an absolute undertaking on public expenditure , he has assured diocesan officials that the schools are expected to satisfy new funding [objectives] for 1993–94 .

’ Afterwards Mr Fallon assured me in a letter that he was confident that both Darlington projects would satisfy the new criteria .
’ afterwards mr fallon assured me in a letter that he was confident that both darlington projects would satisfy the new [objectives] .

Head-Rot Holiday , written after detailed research including interviews with with patients , nurses and psychiatrists , explores issues such as the differing criteria applied to men and women for ‘ abnormal ’ behaviour .
head-rot holiday , written after detailed research including interviews with with patients , nurses and psychiatrists , explores issues such as the differing [objectives] applied to men and women for ‘ abnormal ’ behaviour .

The criteria for eligibility for the prize , which will be administered by the Arts Council , are that the recipient must be a living British writer , novelist , short-story writer , poet , essayist or dramatist whose work must be written primarily in English , Gaelic or Welsh .
the [objectives] for eligibility for the prize , which will be administered by the arts council , are that the recipient must be a living british writer , novelist , short-story writer , poet , essayist or dramatist whose work must be written primarily in english , gaelic or welsh .

He is convinced the necessary seven member states whichever they may be can still meet the criteria for economic convergence which has been set as the minimum to permit a single currency in a majority of member states .
he is convinced the necessary seven member states whichever they may be can still meet the [objectives] for economic convergence which has been set as the minimum to permit a single currency in a majority of member states .

The criteria is that the songs have to have character .
the [objectives] is that the songs have to have character .

Tom Curran , deputy director of Wirral social services department , said : ‘ If , in the first place , we had said to people they did not meet the criteria and did not put their names on the waiting list , we would be in less trouble . ’
tom curran , deputy director of wirral social services department , said : ‘ if , in the first place , we had said to people they did not meet the [objectives] and did not put their names on the waiting list , we would be in less trouble . ’

In future , he said , there would be strict adherence to criteria , which would mean less people going onto the waiting list .
in future , he said , there would be strict adherence to [objectives] , which would mean less people going onto the waiting list .

Each unit will include several Elements of Competence from which measurable Performance Criteria can be derived .
each unit will include several elements of competence from which measurable performance [objectives] can be derived .

One argument is that venture funds apply inadequate investment criteria in assessing potential start ups .
one argument is that venture funds apply inadequate investment [objectives] in assessing potential start ups .

‘ Different ’ investment criteria would be used from those traditionally employed .
‘ different ’ investment [objectives] would be used from those traditionally employed .

Bills of exchange are of various types , but all conform to a common set of criteria .
bills of exchange are of various types , but all conform to a common set of [objectives] .

Such bills have to meet a number of criteria , apart from the credit rating of the bank which accepts the bill .
such bills have to meet a number of [objectives] , apart from the credit rating of the bank which accepts the bill .

In practice it has involved efforts to cut the size of the public enterprise sector and to make the remainder more efficient and more attentive to financial rather than public service criteria of viability .
in practice it has involved efforts to cut the size of the public enterprise sector and to make the remainder more efficient and more attentive to financial rather than public service [objectives] of viability .

This distinguishes them from the state agencies that provide health , education or other services on the basis of bureaucratic criteria such as need and entitlement , rather than as commodities to be bought and sold in the market .
this distinguishes them from the state agencies that provide health , education or other services on the basis of bureaucratic [objectives] such as need and entitlement , rather than as commodities to be bought and sold in the market .

The episode ended with the appointment of a committee of inquiry , a device several times used by governments as a way of legitimating particular criteria of pay determination and hence avoiding industrial conflict .
the episode ended with the appointment of a committee of inquiry , a device several times used by governments as a way of legitimating particular [objectives] of pay determination and hence avoiding industrial conflict .

In some cases companies introduced job classification and revised their wage structures based on job evaluations … However in many cases it is doubtful whether these are anything other than the traditional wage system in a new disguise — for ‘ merit ’ , ‘ loyalty ’ and ‘ cooperation ’ , which are often tied to length of service have been used as major criteria for wage increases granted in this fashion … managements have not proceeded hastily towards full-blown wage rationalization because of their own concern with preserving worker identification with the enterprise … Management has not been insistent on displacing the permanent/temporary worker system with job seniority procedures ( i.e .
in some cases companies introduced job classification and revised their wage structures based on job evaluations … however in many cases it is doubtful whether these are anything other than the traditional wage system in a new disguise — for ‘ merit ’ , ‘ loyalty ’ and ‘ cooperation ’ , which are often tied to length of service have been used as major [objectives] for wage increases granted in this fashion … managements have not proceeded hastily towards full-blown wage rationalization because of their own concern with preserving worker identification with the enterprise … management has not been insistent on displacing the permanent/temporary worker system with job seniority procedures ( i.e .

Traditional Keynesian fine-tuning criteria for output and employment thus suggested expansionary policies for each country at around the same time .
traditional keynesian fine-tuning [objectives] for output and employment thus suggested expansionary policies for each country at around the same time .

The Secretary of State will be reviewing all council budgets in April before announcing his final capping criteria .
the secretary of state will be reviewing all council budgets in april before announcing his final capping [objectives] .

They promised to support the Look After Your Heart Workplace Initiative by implementing at least three of a list of ten criteria .
they promised to support the look after your heart workplace initiative by implementing at least three of a list of ten [objectives] .

The criteria included having a workplace policy on smoking , encouraging staff to take more exercise and ensuring that the staff restaurant offers a healthy food choice .
the [objectives] included having a workplace policy on smoking , encouraging staff to take more exercise and ensuring that the staff restaurant offers a healthy food choice .

He said his officers were confident the plans would meet the criteria .
he said his officers were confident the plans would meet the [objectives] .

‘ Friends of Killynure ’ fearing that , Killynure House will be closed despite claims that the present home subscribes fully to the criteria laid down in the consultative document for the provision of residential care for elderly people , now appeal to the fast growing community of Carryduff and surrounding areas to support the fight for the retention of the home by signing a petition against closure .
‘ friends of killynure ’ fearing that , killynure house will be closed despite claims that the present home subscribes fully to the [objectives] laid down in the consultative document for the provision of residential care for elderly people , now appeal to the fast growing community of carryduff and surrounding areas to support the fight for the retention of the home by signing a petition against closure .

Their cars must meet strict criteria , and are tested by our mechanics .
their cars must meet strict [objectives] , and are tested by our mechanics .

And the Greeks did really produce two quite outstanding historians by any criteria , Herodotus and Thucydides .
and the greeks did really produce two quite outstanding historians by any [objectives] , herodotus and thucydides .

How do you actually decide that in some reasonable way ? Do you say ‘ Hands up all those that feel that they are better today than they were yesterday , or do you apply some perhaps more objective criteria of describing that ?
how do you actually decide that in some reasonable way ? do you say ‘ hands up all those that feel that they are better today than they were yesterday , or do you apply some perhaps more objective [objectives] of describing that ?

The capped level , or whatever we like to call it , is the criteria that has been established by the Secretary of State , and he has said it is five per cent beyond the standard spending level and he says if Councils spend beyond that then he is liable to introduce his capping legislation and
the capped level , or whatever we like to call it , is the [objectives] that has been established by the secretary of state , and he has said it is five per cent beyond the standard spending level and he says if councils spend beyond that then he is liable to introduce his capping legislation and

The Wheatley site actually fulfils the criteria of the Gipsy Working Party .
the wheatley site actually fulfils the [objectives] of the gipsy working party .

There 'll be a competition to design the new centre , but the architects feel they should help establish the winning criteria .
there 'll be a competition to design the new centre , but the architects feel they should help establish the winning [objectives] .

ODDs have been introduced in small quantities and will be used more now the design criteria has been agreed .
odds have been introduced in small quantities and will be used more now the design [objectives] has been agreed .

New rules set criteria on colour and curve to promote efficient packing and marketing .
new rules set [objectives] on colour and curve to promote efficient packing and marketing .

‘ Through our Ecocollection , we are researching alternative ways of doing business , with environmental , social and cultural criteria as primary concerns .
‘ through our ecocollection , we are researching alternative ways of doing business , with environmental , social and cultural [objectives] as primary concerns .

Experimental design is today 's tool for reducing the number of experiments required to establish optimum coating formulation criteria in new product development .
experimental design is today 's tool for reducing the number of experiments required to establish optimum coating formulation [objectives] in new product development .

Continuous assessment , using a wide range of criteria , ensures a careful monitoring of progress and development .
continuous assessment , using a wide range of [objectives] , ensures a careful monitoring of progress and development .

Presented early in March by the local healthy authority , the accolade is proof that the restaurant meets certain criteria .
presented early in march by the local healthy authority , the accolade is proof that the restaurant meets certain [objectives] .

Each of the seven criteria is weighted on an assessment grid with product and delivery carrying the most marks .
each of the seven [objectives] is weighted on an assessment grid with product and delivery carrying the most marks .

‘ But it is the first time we have established formal procedures which ensure that we deliver and measure against set and agreed criteria .
‘ but it is the first time we have established formal procedures which ensure that we deliver and measure against set and agreed [objectives] .

The nine criteria have each been given weightings with ‘ customer satisfaction ’ the most important [ 20 % ] , ‘ business results ’ next with 15 % and ‘ process ’ third with 14 % .
the nine [objectives] have each been given weightings with ‘ customer satisfaction ’ the most important [ 20 % ] , ‘ business results ’ next with 15 % and ‘ process ’ third with 14 % .

But he insisted there would be ‘ considerable ’ monitoring of other aspects of community care including assessments , where the DoH will be keeping watch on eligibility criteria for services .
but he insisted there would be ‘ considerable ’ monitoring of other aspects of community care including assessments , where the doh will be keeping watch on eligibility [objectives] for services .

‘ It will look at the way the assessment process is working , and that would certainly uncover if there are wide variations in the eligibility criteria being used by different authorities ’ .
‘ it will look at the way the assessment process is working , and that would certainly uncover if there are wide variations in the eligibility [objectives] being used by different authorities ’ .

Ministers clearly recognise there is widespread concern about the outcome of the new assessment process , the wide variations appearing in eligibility criteria , and about the contracts being drawn up with the independent sector .
ministers clearly recognise there is widespread concern about the outcome of the new assessment process , the wide variations appearing in eligibility [objectives] , and about the contracts being drawn up with the independent sector .

Even so , tensions between central cash limiting and independent care management could lead to swifter tinkering with eligibility criteria than you would expect ;
even so , tensions between central cash limiting and independent care management could lead to swifter tinkering with eligibility [objectives] than you would expect ;

They are reviewed regularly and financial pressures are forcing many charities to tighten their qualifying criteria .
they are reviewed regularly and financial pressures are forcing many charities to tighten their qualifying [objectives] .

Wattam says : ‘ One of the problems identified early on is that , with the impetus on doing the interview as soon as possible , you have got a thrust of criminal justice criteria at the beginning of the investigation ’ .
wattam says : ‘ one of the problems identified early on is that , with the impetus on doing the interview as soon as possible , you have got a thrust of criminal justice [objectives] at the beginning of the investigation ’ .

to have the customer compare the product versus competitive products in terms of measurable performance criteria , e.g. for pile driving equipment this might be the number of metres driven per hour .
to have the customer compare the product versus competitive products in terms of measurable performance [objectives] , e.g. for pile driving equipment this might be the number of metres driven per hour .

The point was made in Chapter 2 that many organisational buying decisions are complex , involving many people whose evaluative criteria may differ , and that the purchasing officer may play a minor role in deciding which supplier to choose , particularly with very expensive items .
the point was made in chapter 2 that many organisational buying decisions are complex , involving many people whose evaluative [objectives] may differ , and that the purchasing officer may play a minor role in deciding which supplier to choose , particularly with very expensive items .

If the seller knows the number of companies who are competing for the order , their likely stances , the criteria used by the buying organisation when deciding between them , the degree of pressure on key members of the decision making unit , and any formula they might use for assessing price acceptability , an accurate assessment of the power balance should be possible .
if the seller knows the number of companies who are competing for the order , their likely stances , the [objectives] used by the buying organisation when deciding between them , the degree of pressure on key members of the decision making unit , and any formula they might use for assessing price acceptability , an accurate assessment of the power balance should be possible .

In addition to these financial criteria , short channels have the advantage of being nearer to the end users , which means that the company is in a better position to anticipate and meet their needs .
in addition to these financial [objectives] , short channels have the advantage of being nearer to the end users , which means that the company is in a better position to anticipate and meet their needs .

These decisions were based upon the following criteria .
these decisions were based upon the following [objectives] .

of year for skateboards so you , that 's no criteria is it ?
of year for skateboards so you , that 's no [objectives] is it ?

Well these are the criteria leaves for tests and investigations for tests and investigations , for example good facilities , up-to-date working equipment , nice staff , competent qualified staff
well these are the [objectives] leaves for tests and investigations for tests and investigations , for example good facilities , up-to-date working equipment , nice staff , competent qualified staff

The information is accessed by slipping the disc into the electronic book player , allowing you to select the best golf courses in Europe by country and by difficulty , length , green fees and a host of other criteria .
the information is accessed by slipping the disc into the electronic book player , allowing you to select the best golf courses in europe by country and by difficulty , length , green fees and a host of other [objectives] .

The bass has been beautifully set up , though , and traditional principles combined with components made to today 's criteria make this bass as valid and effective as it ever was .
the bass has been beautifully set up , though , and traditional principles combined with components made to today 's [objectives] make this bass as valid and effective as it ever was .

There are criteria which determine the way in which a man thinks and acts , and in Gandhi 's case they are the religious and ethical ideals of his own form of life .
there are [objectives] which determine the way in which a man thinks and acts , and in gandhi 's case they are the religious and ethical ideals of his own form of life .

And to attribute knowledge of Truth to the voice of conscience in this way , or to the religious and ethical criteria of a particular form of life , inevitably brings Gandhi face to face with the problem of the relativity of truth and with the question whether under the circumstances one is justified in talking about absolute Truth at all .
and to attribute knowledge of truth to the voice of conscience in this way , or to the religious and ethical [objectives] of a particular form of life , inevitably brings gandhi face to face with the problem of the relativity of truth and with the question whether under the circumstances one is justified in talking about absolute truth at all .

That is , there are criteria which determine the way in which others also think and act which may be completely contrary to those of Gandhi .
that is , there are [objectives] which determine the way in which others also think and act which may be completely contrary to those of gandhi .

Put in another way the proposal is that a man should seek to know and fully understand the criteria which determine his thoughts and actions .
put in another way the proposal is that a man should seek to know and fully understand the [objectives] which determine his thoughts and actions .

So when he claims to have had glimpses of absolute Truth , it may be reasonable to assume , not that he has caught a glimpse of some kind of hypostasized Ultimate or extra-mundane entity , but rather that through his participation in a particular form of life he is made aware of the need to live and act in accordance with certain religious and ethical criteria and is informed by the spirit of what might be called dharma ( law ) , or ta ( moral law ) , or tao ( way ) but which he prefers to call Truth ( Satya ) or God .
so when he claims to have had glimpses of absolute truth , it may be reasonable to assume , not that he has caught a glimpse of some kind of hypostasized ultimate or extra-mundane entity , but rather that through his participation in a particular form of life he is made aware of the need to live and act in accordance with certain religious and ethical [objectives] and is informed by the spirit of what might be called dharma ( law ) , or ta ( moral law ) , or tao ( way ) but which he prefers to call truth ( satya ) or god .

It might well be of concern to him , for example , if the content of a particular religion proved to be at odds with the ethical criteria he would associate himself with the concept of Truth .
it might well be of concern to him , for example , if the content of a particular religion proved to be at odds with the ethical [objectives] he would associate himself with the concept of truth .

As the technique of ahi sā , it put the ideal of non-violence into practice and was informed by the spirit of Truth , that is , the religious and ethical criteria that determine the way a man thinks and acts .
as the technique of ahi sā , it put the ideal of non-violence into practice and was informed by the spirit of truth , that is , the religious and ethical [objectives] that determine the way a man thinks and acts .

Some fat women are so grateful to be desired that they will take whatever sex is offered ; others have very specific criteria for lovers , and even less choice .
some fat women are so grateful to be desired that they will take whatever sex is offered ; others have very specific [objectives] for lovers , and even less choice .

We must emphasise how and why existing ‘ erotic ’ and aesthetic criteria exclude us .
we must emphasise how and why existing ‘ erotic ’ and aesthetic [objectives] exclude us .

In order to meet these criteria , the Vehicle Watchdog performs as follows : providing the vehicle has been stationary for at least one minute , a 15mA current pulse will brightly light an l.e.d. for 0.02 seconds once every two seconds .
in order to meet these [objectives] , the vehicle watchdog performs as follows : providing the vehicle has been stationary for at least one minute , a 15ma current pulse will brightly light an l.e.d. for 0.02 seconds once every two seconds .

How long does it usually take you to come up with a solo that meets the demanding criteria you 've just described ?
how long does it usually take you to come up with a solo that meets the demanding [objectives] you 've just described ?

Accountants aside , what criteria does Ambrose apply when considering whether to sign an artist ? His response is really quite scientific . Or is it ?
accountants aside , what [objectives] does ambrose apply when considering whether to sign an artist ? his response is really quite scientific . or is it ?

’ Young has other criteria too .
’ young has other [objectives] too .

Annie Roseberry lists her criteria with characteristic conviction .
annie roseberry lists her [objectives] with characteristic conviction .

It meets , and even surpasses , all the criteria laid down by the World Cup committee after the inaugural event in 1987 ; that there should be healthy commercial environment , that the event should be well supported and that it should take place in only one country .
it meets , and even surpasses , all the [objectives] laid down by the world cup committee after the inaugural event in 1987 ; that there should be healthy commercial environment , that the event should be well supported and that it should take place in only one country .

Quite simply the criteria by which women are hired are entirely different .
quite simply the [objectives] by which women are hired are entirely different .

The criteria for selection which rest on school examination results and rapport with the interviewer are still widely used .
the [objectives] for selection which rest on school examination results and rapport with the interviewer are still widely used .

If the course described to you seems to bear no relation to these criteria do make further enquiries .
if the course described to you seems to bear no relation to these [objectives] do make further enquiries .

He suggests that when there are alternatives , these could be reduced in several ways : by listing permissible combinations of words in phrases ; by listing allowable input sentences ; by ruling out infrequent words ; and by using grammatical criteria .
he suggests that when there are alternatives , these could be reduced in several ways : by listing permissible combinations of words in phrases ; by listing allowable input sentences ; by ruling out infrequent words ; and by using grammatical [objectives] .

Some criteria for deciding what to include and what not to include would have to be established .
some [objectives] for deciding what to include and what not to include would have to be established .

Given certain pieces of data , it is necessary to calculate how many words in the lexicon match this search criteria .
given certain pieces of data , it is necessary to calculate how many words in the lexicon match this search [objectives] .

The main search criteria are most likely to be length , grammar code and first letter .
the main search [objectives] are most likely to be length , grammar code and first letter .

But a NatWest spokesman said : ‘ We apply the same criteria to everybody .
but a natwest spokesman said : ‘ we apply the same [objectives] to everybody .

The main criteria for taxis is that drivers must at all times act civilly .
the main [objectives] for taxis is that drivers must at all times act civilly .

The team , as usual lacking expertise in the particular field , agreed , and laid down criteria for positive discrimination to fight back .
the team , as usual lacking expertise in the particular field , agreed , and laid down [objectives] for positive discrimination to fight back .

To reduce costs some firms lay down eligibility criteria for relocation assistance .
to reduce costs some firms lay down eligibility [objectives] for relocation assistance .

The company considered many sites which fulfilled some but not all the criteria .
the company considered many sites which fulfilled some but not all the [objectives] .

Employees working in the banking , finance and insurance sector often benefit , subject to eligibility criteria , from subsidised mortgages .
employees working in the banking , finance and insurance sector often benefit , subject to eligibility [objectives] , from subsidised mortgages .

Mortgages at preferential interest rates may be offered to employees asked to move at company request with eligibility criteria ( such as age , service and marital status ) waived or reduced .
mortgages at preferential interest rates may be offered to employees asked to move at company request with eligibility [objectives] ( such as age , service and marital status ) waived or reduced .

Applying these criteria , it seems to me that the type of deployment of nuclear weapons which can most clearly be argued to entail an illegal threat of force is one which involves a threat of first use of nuclear weapons .
applying these [objectives] , it seems to me that the type of deployment of nuclear weapons which can most clearly be argued to entail an illegal threat of force is one which involves a threat of first use of nuclear weapons .

The problem with critical doubt is that it is not doubtful enough : it does not subject itself to its own criteria .
the problem with critical doubt is that it is not doubtful enough : it does not subject itself to its own [objectives] .

This first set of questions is interrelated and confused by the fact that both the courts and Parliament have , at times , claimed exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a particular privilege exists , and the criteria which they have applied in making this determination have differed .
this first set of questions is interrelated and confused by the fact that both the courts and parliament have , at times , claimed exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a particular privilege exists , and the [objectives] which they have applied in making this determination have differed .

In each town three options for traffic restraint had been tested , with before and after surveys of a number of criteria .
in each town three options for traffic restraint had been tested , with before and after surveys of a number of [objectives] .

The criteria for evaluation in the before and after studies were mainly those of traffic volume and behaviour , accidents and the experience of the residents as regards traffic and safety .
the [objectives] for evaluation in the before and after studies were mainly those of traffic volume and behaviour , accidents and the experience of the residents as regards traffic and safety .

Instead , they should be seen as an experiment , with criteria for success being those of safety , behaviour of users and degree of acceptance by cyclists and motorists .
instead , they should be seen as an experiment , with [objectives] for success being those of safety , behaviour of users and degree of acceptance by cyclists and motorists .

Speed humps are subject to extensive limiting criteria and have legal implications , and so are rarely used .
speed humps are subject to extensive limiting [objectives] and have legal implications , and so are rarely used .

The measures are designed to reinforce each other to produce a combined accident reduction which will make their introduction as a package cost-effective , even in areas with scattered accidents where normal ‘ value for money ’ criteria for accident prevention treatment are not met .
the measures are designed to reinforce each other to produce a combined accident reduction which will make their introduction as a package cost-effective , even in areas with scattered accidents where normal ‘ value for money ’ [objectives] for accident prevention treatment are not met .

The Delft Cycle Plan of 1979 recognised the deteriorating conditions for many cycle trips within the city and designated four criteria for plan development : quality of facilities , quantity of provision , continuity of the network and comfort in its use .
the delft cycle plan of 1979 recognised the deteriorating conditions for many cycle trips within the city and designated four [objectives] for plan development : quality of facilities , quantity of provision , continuity of the network and comfort in its use .

Sir Keith Joseph has intimated that ‘ national ’ criteria will be established in the main curriculum areas .
sir keith joseph has intimated that ‘ national ’ [objectives] will be established in the main curriculum areas .

Indeed , if performance criteria are to be national , if they are to have currency throughout the system , and if they are to be as detailed and specific as the proponents of criterion-referenced testing insist , then this reform presages central intervention in the school curriculum of a most emphatic kind .
indeed , if performance [objectives] are to be national , if they are to have currency throughout the system , and if they are to be as detailed and specific as the proponents of criterion-referenced testing insist , then this reform presages central intervention in the school curriculum of a most emphatic kind .

That decision called for the establishment of joint working parties , for each of the subject areas , with responsibility for devising guidelines for the new syllabuses and specifying the detailed criteria relating to their assessment .
that decision called for the establishment of joint working parties , for each of the subject areas , with responsibility for devising guidelines for the new syllabuses and specifying the detailed [objectives] relating to their assessment .

Following the best of recent professional practice in assessment , it argues for four basic criteria : assessment should be criterion-referenced ; formative ; moderated ; and lead to progression .
following the best of recent professional practice in assessment , it argues for four basic [objectives] : assessment should be criterion-referenced ; formative ; moderated ; and lead to progression .

In terms of government action , the concerns and implications of these documents have been taken up most directly through the setting-up of national criteria as a basis for controlling and ‘ accrediting ’ programmes of initial teacher training .
in terms of government action , the concerns and implications of these documents have been taken up most directly through the setting-up of national [objectives] as a basis for controlling and ‘ accrediting ’ programmes of initial teacher training .

Such pedagogies appear to meet the crude , externally visible criteria for professional success , and the lack of collegial reflection or criticism provides no impetus for change in them either .
such pedagogies appear to meet the crude , externally visible [objectives] for professional success , and the lack of collegial reflection or criticism provides no impetus for change in them either .

its suitability for , and protection by , the conditions of teacher isolation , where external criteria of professional competence are ostensibly met and inducements to change are absent . For those who wish to weaken the hold that transmission teaching has within the educational system , this more sociological approach to understanding the conditions of teaching quality suggests not a tightening-up of selection procedures , an improvement of training , and an emphasis in training and staff deployment on the strengthening of subject expertise , but policies such as the following :
its suitability for , and protection by , the conditions of teacher isolation , where external [objectives] of professional competence are ostensibly met and inducements to change are absent . for those who wish to weaken the hold that transmission teaching has within the educational system , this more sociological approach to understanding the conditions of teaching quality suggests not a tightening-up of selection procedures , an improvement of training , and an emphasis in training and staff deployment on the strengthening of subject expertise , but policies such as the following :

Whether or not the assessor 's criteria were exactly the same as Frances Stevens 's is neither here nor there .
whether or not the assessor 's [objectives] were exactly the same as frances stevens 's is neither here nor there .

Many of the schemes currently being developed in various parts of the country are using the establishment of a record-of-achievement procedure to engage teachers in a fundamental review of their curricular goals , their teaching methods and hence their assessment criteria , with a view to stimulating a wide-ranging review of school arrangements .
many of the schemes currently being developed in various parts of the country are using the establishment of a record-of-achievement procedure to engage teachers in a fundamental review of their curricular goals , their teaching methods and hence their assessment [objectives] , with a view to stimulating a wide-ranging review of school arrangements .

As before , the problems of interpreting outcomes outweigh the difficulties of assessment and some of the criteria used in research have been criticized for their cultural and class bias .
as before , the problems of interpreting outcomes outweigh the difficulties of assessment and some of the [objectives] used in research have been criticized for their cultural and class bias .

Thus , although their findings are often applied by others to all children in care , only one in eight of children entering care in England and Wales meet the criteria for inclusion in their study .
thus , although their findings are often applied by others to all children in care , only one in eight of children entering care in england and wales meet the [objectives] for inclusion in their study .

In the United Kingdom there are no clear definitions , discrete criteria , national statistics , nor comprehensive policy or practice by central or local government for runaway children .
in the united kingdom there are no clear definitions , discrete [objectives] , national statistics , nor comprehensive policy or practice by central or local government for runaway children .

The first is simply to provide a framework for analysing , together with some criteria for assessing , what we currently ‘ know ’ about child abuse .
the first is simply to provide a framework for analysing , together with some [objectives] for assessing , what we currently ‘ know ’ about child abuse .

The diagnostic criteria for ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease in the probands have been described .
the diagnostic [objectives] for ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease in the probands have been described .

Briefly , the diagnosis of ulcerative colitis was based on the presence of at least three of the following four criteria : a typical history of diarrhoea ; stools containing blood and pus , or both , for more than one week or in repeated episodes ; a typical sigmoidoscopic appearance , with granulated friable mucosa or ulcerations , or both ; histological or cytological signs of inflammation ; and radiological or colonoscopic signs of ulcerations with or without spiculation or granulation of the inner surface of the colon proximal to the rectum .
briefly , the diagnosis of ulcerative colitis was based on the presence of at least three of the following four [objectives] : a typical history of diarrhoea ; stools containing blood and pus , or both , for more than one week or in repeated episodes ; a typical sigmoidoscopic appearance , with granulated friable mucosa or ulcerations , or both ; histological or cytological signs of inflammation ; and radiological or colonoscopic signs of ulcerations with or without spiculation or granulation of the inner surface of the colon proximal to the rectum .

The diagnosis of Crohn 's disease was based on the presence of at least two of the following four criteria : a history of diarrhoea lasting more than three months ; radiological findings of typical stenoses and prestenotic dilatation in the small bowel or segments with a cobblestone appearance in the large bowel ; histological findings of transmural lymphocytic infiltration or occurrence of epithelial granulomas with giant cells of Langhans ' type , or both ; and the occurrence of fistulas or abscesses , or both , in a region of intestinal disease .
the diagnosis of crohn 's disease was based on the presence of at least two of the following four [objectives] : a history of diarrhoea lasting more than three months ; radiological findings of typical stenoses and prestenotic dilatation in the small bowel or segments with a cobblestone appearance in the large bowel ; histological findings of transmural lymphocytic infiltration or occurrence of epithelial granulomas with giant cells of langhans ' type , or both ; and the occurrence of fistulas or abscesses , or both , in a region of intestinal disease .

In 10 patients who had met the criteria for ulcerative colitis in 1978 the diagnosis was later changed to Crohn 's disease ; the diagnosis was changed to ulcerative colitis in three patients who had originally had Crohn 's disease diagnosed .
in 10 patients who had met the [objectives] for ulcerative colitis in 1978 the diagnosis was later changed to crohn 's disease ; the diagnosis was changed to ulcerative colitis in three patients who had originally had crohn 's disease diagnosed .

The diagnosis was confirmed or excluded by applying the criteria mentioned above to the relatives ' medical records from hospitals or private physicians .
the diagnosis was confirmed or excluded by applying the [objectives] mentioned above to the relatives ' medical records from hospitals or private physicians .

When an aircraft has been certificated against fail-safe criteria , those portions of the structure considered significant in the fail-safe design should be identified in the approved inspection schedule and their relative importance defined .
when an aircraft has been certificated against fail-safe [objectives] , those portions of the structure considered significant in the fail-safe design should be identified in the approved inspection schedule and their relative importance defined .

The purist will point out that every aircraft accident results from human error of some kind ; even the most complex technical failure has its origin in the work of a designer , manufacturer or maintenance engineer somewhere , and so-called ‘ acts of God ’ such as structural failure in extreme turbulence beyond the limits of airworthiness criteria are no more than failures of airworthiness engineers to assess the limits correctly .
the purist will point out that every aircraft accident results from human error of some kind ; even the most complex technical failure has its origin in the work of a designer , manufacturer or maintenance engineer somewhere , and so-called ‘ acts of god ’ such as structural failure in extreme turbulence beyond the limits of airworthiness [objectives] are no more than failures of airworthiness engineers to assess the limits correctly .

The criteria upon which the design of the tailplanes was based did not take into account the possibility that a substantial differential pressure could exist in the tail structure other than that caused by aerodynamic loads .
the [objectives] upon which the design of the tailplanes was based did not take into account the possibility that a substantial differential pressure could exist in the tail structure other than that caused by aerodynamic loads .

For investment research , sophisticated programs combine functionality and flexibility : high-quality graphics , cross-market searching and analysis of markets and securities against your own criteria .
for investment research , sophisticated programs combine functionality and flexibility : high-quality graphics , cross-market searching and analysis of markets and securities against your own [objectives] .

They were selected because it is clear that , judged by current psychiatric criteria , they all did suffer from episodes of psychosis — to introduce a technical term to be defined more precisely as we proceed through this and the following chapter , but which for the moment can be taken as synonymous with the layperson 's conception of mental illness as it occurs in its most disintegrative form and which especially refers to serious disorders , like schizophrenia .
they were selected because it is clear that , judged by current psychiatric [objectives] , they all did suffer from episodes of psychosis — to introduce a technical term to be defined more precisely as we proceed through this and the following chapter , but which for the moment can be taken as synonymous with the layperson 's conception of mental illness as it occurs in its most disintegrative form and which especially refers to serious disorders , like schizophrenia .

Furthermore , we also need to keep in sight the fact that ‘ creativity ’ is itself an ambiguous concept , having been given various meanings and judged according to differing criteria depending on the context in which it has been studied .
furthermore , we also need to keep in sight the fact that ‘ creativity ’ is itself an ambiguous concept , having been given various meanings and judged according to differing [objectives] depending on the context in which it has been studied .

These personality studies usually proceeded by selecting , on the basis of peer evaluation or similar criteria , highly accomplished professionals in various branches of the arts and sciences .
these personality studies usually proceeded by selecting , on the basis of peer evaluation or similar [objectives] , highly accomplished professionals in various branches of the arts and sciences .

For that reason it is our intention to present , for all of our authors , explicit evidence that they did indeed meet the formal diagnostic criteria for psychotic illness , as used by psychiatrists .
for that reason it is our intention to present , for all of our authors , explicit evidence that they did indeed meet the formal diagnostic [objectives] for psychotic illness , as used by psychiatrists .

Yet even in this form , or forms — for many would prefer to talk of ‘ the schizophrenias ’ — there is still no universally accepted set of criteria for diagnosis .
yet even in this form , or forms — for many would prefer to talk of ‘ the schizophrenias ’ — there is still no universally accepted set of [objectives] for diagnosis .

In the course of their analysis the authors determined the extent to which their proposed criteria agreed with those contained in other existing diagnostic schemes — some ten or twelve of them .
in the course of their analysis the authors determined the extent to which their proposed [objectives] agreed with those contained in other existing diagnostic schemes — some ten or twelve of them .

Remarkably , one might think , one of the lowest — indicating almost total lack of agreement — was with a diagnosis arrived at using the criteria introduced by Eugen Bleuler , the man who coined the term ‘ schizophrenia ’ in the first place !
remarkably , one might think , one of the lowest — indicating almost total lack of agreement — was with a diagnosis arrived at using the [objectives] introduced by eugen bleuler , the man who coined the term ‘ schizophrenia ’ in the first place !

Any one of the above features could result in a person being labelled schizophrenic , providing some other criteria are met , such as the symptoms having lasted for a certain length of time .
any one of the above features could result in a person being labelled schizophrenic , providing some other [objectives] are met , such as the symptoms having lasted for a certain length of time .

Although it is the mood disturbance that stands out in affective psychosis , individuals who meet the criteria for either the ‘ unipolar ’ or the ‘ bipolar ’ form ( as they are sometimes called ) sometimes also show features reminiscent of schizophrenia , as we shall see for several of the subjects evaluated in this book .
although it is the mood disturbance that stands out in affective psychosis , individuals who meet the [objectives] for either the ‘ unipolar ’ or the ‘ bipolar ’ form ( as they are sometimes called ) sometimes also show features reminiscent of schizophrenia , as we shall see for several of the subjects evaluated in this book .

Another , quite separate , reason why the idea of watertight categories of psychosis has never seemed very plausible to psychologists stems from the difficulty of defining the outer boundaries of insanity and the existence of so-called ‘ borderline ’ disorders that carry the overall flavour of schizophrenia or manic-depression , but which are not severe enough to meet the diagnostic criteria for either .
another , quite separate , reason why the idea of watertight categories of psychosis has never seemed very plausible to psychologists stems from the difficulty of defining the outer boundaries of insanity and the existence of so-called ‘ borderline ’ disorders that carry the overall flavour of schizophrenia or manic-depression , but which are not severe enough to meet the diagnostic [objectives] for either .

However , one question which has to be settled in advance of that is : were our chosen authors truly psychotic , as judged by current clinical criteria ?
however , one question which has to be settled in advance of that is : were our chosen authors truly psychotic , as judged by current clinical [objectives] ?

While agreeing with this description of Hoccleve 's illness as of psychotic severity , our own evaluation is that it had a more depressive quality , many of the symptoms described by Hoccleve meeting the modern criteria for serious depression .
while agreeing with this description of hoccleve 's illness as of psychotic severity , our own evaluation is that it had a more depressive quality , many of the symptoms described by hoccleve meeting the modern [objectives] for serious depression .

The mass media are not only instruments of power but , in terms of content , they are wedded to people with power or of popular acclaim ( cf the traditional criteria for news ) .
the mass media are not only instruments of power but , in terms of content , they are wedded to people with power or of popular acclaim ( cf the traditional [objectives] for news ) .

Sheets are allocated to the appropriate category by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and environmental significance .
sheets are allocated to the appropriate category by a scoring mechanism based on such [objectives] as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and environmental significance .

The 122 sheets to be resurveyed have been selected by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and level of user need .
the 122 sheets to be resurveyed have been selected by a scoring mechanism based on such [objectives] as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and level of user need .

Exploration criteria for gold
exploration [objectives] for gold

Criteria for doing this are developed from the professional knowledge , value base and experience of the practitioner rather than from the policies and constraints of organisations .
[objectives] for doing this are developed from the professional knowledge , value base and experience of the practitioner rather than from the policies and constraints of organisations .

Boyd 's 12-man team visited each of the ten pits after being told by Trade President Michael Heseltine to establish if British Coal had met the prescribed criteria for closure .
boyd 's 12-man team visited each of the ten pits after being told by trade president michael heseltine to establish if british coal had met the prescribed [objectives] for closure .

In the end we are unanimous about one recommendation but , following Mr Major 's criteria , we are not allowed to mention his name , ‘ because it is not fair to raise a nominee 's expectations in case they are disappointed ’ .
in the end we are unanimous about one recommendation but , following mr major 's [objectives] , we are not allowed to mention his name , ‘ because it is not fair to raise a nominee 's expectations in case they are disappointed ’ .

The extremely dichotomous nature of this criterion , with its abrupt switch from maximising the objective to complete disinterest , is open to objection , but such criteria have found favour with some modellers .
the extremely dichotomous nature of this criterion , with its abrupt switch from maximising the objective to complete disinterest , is open to objection , but such [objectives] have found favour with some modellers .

However , we are still left with the problem of combining these modified criteria into a single objective .
however , we are still left with the problem of combining these modified [objectives] into a single objective .

The procedure outlined above can be re-expressed in terms of the criteria , such as ( 10.1 ) introduced in Section 10.1 .
the procedure outlined above can be re-expressed in terms of the [objectives] , such as ( 10.1 ) introduced in section 10.1 .

In that section , we combined the criteria additively using weighting factors .
in that section , we combined the [objectives] additively using weighting factors .

Here , we sequentially optimise the criteria , starting with the highest priority objective and imposing ( 10.4 ) , which says that we do not permit any reduction in the kth criterion , when passing from the kth to ( k + l ) st criterion .
here , we sequentially optimise the [objectives] , starting with the highest priority objective and imposing ( 10.4 ) , which says that we do not permit any reduction in the kth criterion , when passing from the kth to ( k + l ) st criterion .

In a Newcastle study , 55 patients who satisfied research diagnostic criteria for primary major depressive disorder were followed up until recovery from the episode , which lasted from four to 29 months .
in a newcastle study , 55 patients who satisfied research diagnostic [objectives] for primary major depressive disorder were followed up until recovery from the episode , which lasted from four to 29 months .

Criteria for ideal wound dressing
[objectives] for ideal wound dressing

The Australian writer and journalist Hoyd Sommerlad observed that it was inappropriate to apply western-based criteria to the media worldwide .
the australian writer and journalist hoyd sommerlad observed that it was inappropriate to apply western-based [objectives] to the media worldwide .

The criteria for allocation had been devised in an attempt to find a balance between having too many languages to do justice to any of them in limited broadcasting hours and discovering which languages were comprehensible to the largest number .
the [objectives] for allocation had been devised in an attempt to find a balance between having too many languages to do justice to any of them in limited broadcasting hours and discovering which languages were comprehensible to the largest number .

The applicant must meet clearly defined criteria relating to general fitness , good repute , maintenance arrangements , drivers ' hours and overloading , suitability of the operating centre , financial resources and professional competence .
the applicant must meet clearly defined [objectives] relating to general fitness , good repute , maintenance arrangements , drivers ' hours and overloading , suitability of the operating centre , financial resources and professional competence .

Giving as much advance warning of a possible redundancy , consulting with trade union representatives , selecting employees for redundancy using objective criteria and making sure alternative jobs are not ignored would show an industrial tribunal that an employer was acting reasonably .
giving as much advance warning of a possible redundancy , consulting with trade union representatives , selecting employees for redundancy using objective [objectives] and making sure alternative jobs are not ignored would show an industrial tribunal that an employer was acting reasonably .

Follow a mental checklist of the points we covered on pages 10 to 14 and apply the criteria to dishes that appeal on the menu .
follow a mental checklist of the points we covered on pages 10 to 14 and apply the [objectives] to dishes that appeal on the menu .

Part 2 : Criteria Involved in Conference Venue Selection
part 2 : [objectives] involved in conference venue selection

We estimate that approximately 24 of our pubs meet the criteria for development along these lines , namely :
we estimate that approximately 24 of our pubs meet the [objectives] for development along these lines , namely :

By open account with payment due so many days after receipt , after delivery to the docks or some other criteria .
by open account with payment due so many days after receipt , after delivery to the docks or some other [objectives] .

For governments , councils , local authorities , charities , clubs and customers established under some other legal criteria you need their full name , any relevant reference or registration number , and details of how they are constituted .
for governments , councils , local authorities , charities , clubs and customers established under some other legal [objectives] you need their full name , any relevant reference or registration number , and details of how they are constituted .

To give you useful comparisons , every machine is tested according to the same criteria :
to give you useful comparisons , every machine is tested according to the same [objectives] :

According to some criteria perhaps , but if so they would have to exclude from ‘ the political , considerations such as those described here .
according to some [objectives] perhaps , but if so they would have to exclude from ‘ the political , considerations such as those described here .

The old questions of the traditional analysis ( What link should be made between disparate events ? Flow can a causal succession be established between them ? What continuity or overall significance do they possess ? Is it possible to define a totality , or must one be content with reconstituting connections ? ) are now being replaced by questions of another type : which strata should be isolated from others ? What types of series should be established ? What criteria of periodisation should be adopted for each of them ? What system of relations ( hierarchy , dominance , stratification , univocal determination , circular causality ) may be established between them ? What series of series may be established ? And in what large-scale chronological table may distinct series of events be determined ? ( 3 — 4 )
the old questions of the traditional analysis ( what link should be made between disparate events ? flow can a causal succession be established between them ? what continuity or overall significance do they possess ? is it possible to define a totality , or must one be content with reconstituting connections ? ) are now being replaced by questions of another type : which strata should be isolated from others ? what types of series should be established ? what [objectives] of periodisation should be adopted for each of them ? what system of relations ( hierarchy , dominance , stratification , univocal determination , circular causality ) may be established between them ? what series of series may be established ? and in what large-scale chronological table may distinct series of events be determined ? ( 3 — 4 )

First , comparisons between different faiths can be misleading because different criteria are used to define membership .
first , comparisons between different faiths can be misleading because different [objectives] are used to define membership .

They use certain key criteria ( ‘ danger clues ’ ) to help them decide whether or not a child has been abused and/or is in danger of abuse .
they use certain key [objectives] ( ‘ danger clues ’ ) to help them decide whether or not a child has been abused and/or is in danger of abuse .

While holding that gender differences in political behaviour are small they also challenge the criteria by which the political is defined and evaluated in malestream analysis , and the degree to which these criteria underestimate women 's political contributions .
while holding that gender differences in political behaviour are small they also challenge the [objectives] by which the political is defined and evaluated in malestream analysis , and the degree to which these [objectives] underestimate women 's political contributions .

incompatibility between and confusion of aims and criteria for pre-school experience between establishments funded by different agencies
incompatibility between and confusion of aims and [objectives] for pre-school experience between establishments funded by different agencies

Descriptive studies of pre-school education ( Parry and Archer 1974 , Gilkes 1987 ) have illuminated the debate to some extent and aims and objectives approaches to curriculum design can serve as pragmatic guidelines in the absence of a consensus about short and longer term criteria for early childhood education .
descriptive studies of pre-school education ( parry and archer 1974 , gilkes 1987 ) have illuminated the debate to some extent and aims and objectives approaches to curriculum design can serve as pragmatic guidelines in the absence of a consensus about short and longer term [objectives] for early childhood education .

Although some adjustment would have to be made to new criteria for apportioning teaching time , these subjects were not new .
although some adjustment would have to be made to new [objectives] for apportioning teaching time , these subjects were not new .

When pupils reach the upper limit of each age group their attainment would be measured by teachers against a series of nationally prescribed criteria .
when pupils reach the upper limit of each age group their attainment would be measured by teachers against a series of nationally prescribed [objectives] .

Their reviews of sex differences and psychology of women research often rely on conventional methodological criteria .
their reviews of sex differences and psychology of women research often rely on conventional methodological [objectives] .

Its criteria of a subject 's effectiveness , for instance , are generally success at prestigious work , which is commonly associated with masculinity , and success in personal relationships , particularly long-term heterosexual and parental relationships , which is associated with femininity .
its [objectives] of a subject 's effectiveness , for instance , are generally success at prestigious work , which is commonly associated with masculinity , and success in personal relationships , particularly long-term heterosexual and parental relationships , which is associated with femininity .

Like psychologists , they start to see theory as a tool , and to adopt male-identified criteria of its effectiveness — a frontier spirit of quest and progress , for instance :
like psychologists , they start to see theory as a tool , and to adopt male-identified [objectives] of its effectiveness — a frontier spirit of quest and progress , for instance :

Since Douglas does not deal with the questions of what is valuable for women , and whether it is valuable for all women , it is likely that the usual socially-biased criteria or psychological worth will be read into the vacuum of her definition .
since douglas does not deal with the questions of what is valuable for women , and whether it is valuable for all women , it is likely that the usual socially-biased [objectives] or psychological worth will be read into the vacuum of her definition .

These criteria connote reproductive heterosexuality , and male- , middle-class-dominated employment .
these [objectives] connote reproductive heterosexuality , and male- , middle-class-dominated employment .

Other criteria such as the press 's preference for orientating itself to the state , to political parties , or to economic interests are important but secondary considerations .
other [objectives] such as the press 's preference for orientating itself to the state , to political parties , or to economic interests are important but secondary considerations .

To abandon ‘ news values ’ as the sole criteria of the media would not necessarily lead to a dereliction of duty .
to abandon ‘ news values ’ as the sole [objectives] of the media would not necessarily lead to a dereliction of duty .

If advertisers can not be faulted for using mainly ‘ commercial criteria ’ rather than ideological/political ones in their decisions , it is nevertheless true that the outcome of those decisions in their totality have enormous implications .
if advertisers can not be faulted for using mainly ‘ commercial [objectives] ’ rather than ideological/political ones in their decisions , it is nevertheless true that the outcome of those decisions in their totality have enormous implications .

If it is contracted out , what are the criteria for eligibility to become a member of the scheme ?
if it is contracted out , what are the [objectives] for eligibility to become a member of the scheme ?

These judgements use a variety of cross-cutting ( and often contradictory ) criteria , including productiveness , social importance , scarcity value , degree and type of mystery .
these judgements use a variety of cross-cutting ( and often contradictory ) [objectives] , including productiveness , social importance , scarcity value , degree and type of mystery .

The legal profession offers only a limited range of negative criteria , although there exist many eulogies of good practice from which rules of conduct could be extrapolated by a neophyte practitioner ( e.g .
the legal profession offers only a limited range of negative [objectives] , although there exist many eulogies of good practice from which rules of conduct could be extrapolated by a neophyte practitioner ( e.g .

Such research can only discover whether lawyers are doing a good or a bad job in terms of common sense criteria , themselves embedded in , if not derived from , the ideology of lawyers themselves .
such research can only discover whether lawyers are doing a good or a bad job in terms of common sense [objectives] , themselves embedded in , if not derived from , the ideology of lawyers themselves .

Under either of the first two criteria it was theoretically possible for a client to be represented by someone insufficiently experienced to handle the case .
under either of the first two [objectives] it was theoretically possible for a client to be represented by someone insufficiently experienced to handle the case .

For a start there were no agreed criteria for subdividing the cerebral cortex into regions , and criteria were not destined to be developed for about another century .
for a start there were no agreed [objectives] for subdividing the cerebral cortex into regions , and [objectives] were not destined to be developed for about another century .

Homology is identified on the basis of a number of criteria , including the form of the tissue , its embryonic origins , its connections with other parts of the brain or body , and , to a lesser extent , its function .
homology is identified on the basis of a number of [objectives] , including the form of the tissue , its embryonic origins , its connections with other parts of the brain or body , and , to a lesser extent , its function .

It is encouraging that the primary visual areas of both rats and monkeys receive input from the lateral geniculate nucleus of the thalamus but we should be aware of some circularity here since one of the criteria used for saying that the lateral geniculate nuclei in the two groups are homologous is that they both project to primary visual cortex !
it is encouraging that the primary visual areas of both rats and monkeys receive input from the lateral geniculate nucleus of the thalamus but we should be aware of some circularity here since one of the [objectives] used for saying that the lateral geniculate nuclei in the two groups are homologous is that they both project to primary visual cortex !

As yet we have no agreed criteria for how much disruption a single lesion needs to cause for the system to be deemed interactive , although common sense suggests that an interactive system would be much more vulnerable to disruption than the brain appears to be .
as yet we have no agreed [objectives] for how much disruption a single lesion needs to cause for the system to be deemed interactive , although common sense suggests that an interactive system would be much more vulnerable to disruption than the brain appears to be .

The selection of the most appropriate way is the subject of the next stage , the stage of representation and algorithm , in which a set of decision criteria for identifying maximum rate of change is established .
the selection of the most appropriate way is the subject of the next stage , the stage of representation and algorithm , in which a set of decision [objectives] for identifying maximum rate of change is established .

The criteria for distinguishing between the three are laid out in Table 4.1 .
the [objectives] for distinguishing between the three are laid out in table 4.1 .

The criteria of relevance to the central themes of European history have led me to set aside some topics often included in textbooks of this kind .
the [objectives] of relevance to the central themes of european history have led me to set aside some topics often included in textbooks of this kind .

Recent history raises no fundamental or peculiar questions of historical criteria .
recent history raises no fundamental or peculiar questions of historical [objectives] .

Perhaps it may now be accepted that so long as a historian is acting as a historian , his criteria must arise from his own study and must not be imported from some other autonomous field .
perhaps it may now be accepted that so long as a historian is acting as a historian , his [objectives] must arise from his own study and must not be imported from some other autonomous field .

Problems of content nonetheless go beyond questions about criteria .
problems of content nonetheless go beyond questions about [objectives] .

It is put together in accordance with criteria of relevance which are those of a certain group of interested persons .
it is put together in accordance with [objectives] of relevance which are those of a certain group of interested persons .

Survival into the mid-term depends on speed with which individuals can adapt to unfamiliar criteria and incentives .
survival into the mid-term depends on speed with which individuals can adapt to unfamiliar [objectives] and incentives .

As is well brought out in a recent paper , the views of Carnap 's which Quine opposed involved the claim that conventionally adopted analytic linguistic frameworks provided criteria of reality , which set up the standards according to which any question that might arise was settlable ( Ricketts 1982 ) .
as is well brought out in a recent paper , the views of carnap 's which quine opposed involved the claim that conventionally adopted analytic linguistic frameworks provided [objectives] of reality , which set up the standards according to which any question that might arise was settlable ( ricketts 1982 ) .

Similarly , he must hold that theories are eliminated due to the clash of experience ( for example ) , but not using criteria that are understood in terms of , or justified with reference to , the aims of inquiry .
similarly , he must hold that theories are eliminated due to the clash of experience ( for example ) , but not using [objectives] that are understood in terms of , or justified with reference to , the aims of inquiry .

Animals do behave differently towards different conspecifics , both in cooperative interactions and in mate selection ( Bateson 1980 ) , and the criteria used in discrimination are correlated with actual genetic relationship .
animals do behave differently towards different conspecifics , both in cooperative interactions and in mate selection ( bateson 1980 ) , and the [objectives] used in discrimination are correlated with actual genetic relationship .

He tells us at the beginning of his book that he is an Aristotelean in these matters , but the price he pays is that his definition simply fails to bear upon the intuitive criteria for an explication of consciousness , such as those set out above .
he tells us at the beginning of his book that he is an aristotelean in these matters , but the price he pays is that his definition simply fails to bear upon the intuitive [objectives] for an explication of consciousness , such as those set out above .

For each writer , the problem at issue is the relationship between a social class and its members . Is it true , as Marx sometimes seems to say , that in order for a group of people to constitute a class they must be conscious of their shared identity , or can they form a class on the basis of other criteria ? Thompson , the individualist , takes the view that consciousness is a condition of class identity :
for each writer , the problem at issue is the relationship between a social class and its members . is it true , as marx sometimes seems to say , that in order for a group of people to constitute a class they must be conscious of their shared identity , or can they form a class on the basis of other [objectives] ? thompson , the individualist , takes the view that consciousness is a condition of class identity :

He rejects the criteria favoured by Thompson not , of course , out of mere dogmatism , but rather because he believes that the self-consciousness of a class is not a crucial factor in explaining its birth and development .
he rejects the [objectives] favoured by thompson not , of course , out of mere dogmatism , but rather because he believes that the self-consciousness of a class is not a crucial factor in explaining its birth and development .

The difficulties of this task are compounded by a natural unwillingness to admit any independent criteria for judging a particular reading , since Althusser 's aim is to interpret Marx in his own terms , rather than to impose on him any independent ( and ideological ) standards .
the difficulties of this task are compounded by a natural unwillingness to admit any independent [objectives] for judging a particular reading , since althusser 's aim is to interpret marx in his own terms , rather than to impose on him any independent ( and ideological ) standards .

So , at anything other than an exceedingly general and metaphorical level , there is not a single set of criteria for a contradiction in the Marxist sense .
so , at anything other than an exceedingly general and metaphorical level , there is not a single set of [objectives] for a contradiction in the marxist sense .

For this is to stipulate that Lenin 's three criteria must be satisfied if a whole is to count as a complex one .
for this is to stipulate that lenin 's three [objectives] must be satisfied if a whole is to count as a complex one .

But as it stands , this declaration does not explain why we should accept these criteria , nor why Lenin 's proposal is anything other than arbitrary .
but as it stands , this declaration does not explain why we should accept these [objectives] , nor why lenin 's proposal is anything other than arbitrary .

As the answer to the first of these shows , the pair are closely linked ; for there appear to be two kinds of criteria for identifying the dominant instance of a society , which are more or less explicitly mentioned in Althusser 's work .
as the answer to the first of these shows , the pair are closely linked ; for there appear to be two kinds of [objectives] for identifying the dominant instance of a society , which are more or less explicitly mentioned in althusser 's work .

But while he indicates that there are such criteria for distinguishing between dominant and subordinate instances , Althusser pays far more attention to the relation between the dominant instance and economic practice , which itself constitutes a second sort of criterion for identifying the dominant instance .
but while he indicates that there are such [objectives] for distinguishing between dominant and subordinate instances , althusser pays far more attention to the relation between the dominant instance and economic practice , which itself constitutes a second sort of criterion for identifying the dominant instance .

Putting the problem in these terms already suggests that criteria of knowledge only arise within some set of related concepts , which in turn are connected to certain activities .
putting the problem in these terms already suggests that [objectives] of knowledge only arise within some set of related concepts , which in turn are connected to certain activities .

For his more recent view suggests that we can not expect to gain untainted ‘ knowledge ’ of ourselves and our relation to social practices , so that the claim that individuals are not subjects must be assessed , like its competitors , by appeal to various kinds of criteria .
for his more recent view suggests that we can not expect to gain untainted ‘ knowledge ’ of ourselves and our relation to social practices , so that the claim that individuals are not subjects must be assessed , like its competitors , by appeal to various kinds of [objectives] .

To offer purely economic criteria for its identity would be to slide back into economism .
to offer purely economic [objectives] for its identity would be to slide back into economism .

To demonstrate his criteria for class identity he chooses the case of the French peasantry during the eighteenth Brumaire , and asks whether or not they were a class .
to demonstrate his [objectives] for class identity he chooses the case of the french peasantry during the eighteenth brumaire , and asks whether or not they were a class .

As Darwin knew , the usual criteria for specific rather than mere varietal distinctions were those that Swedes and Italians do not satisfy , but lions and tigers do : namely , true breeding , lack of intermediate forms and unwillingness or inability to produce fertile hybrids on crossing .
as darwin knew , the usual [objectives] for specific rather than mere varietal distinctions were those that swedes and italians do not satisfy , but lions and tigers do : namely , true breeding , lack of intermediate forms and unwillingness or inability to produce fertile hybrids on crossing .

So , the final stage in Darwin 's argumentation concerns how a species meeting those three criteria would eventually arise with prolonged isolation and divergence .
so , the final stage in darwin 's argumentation concerns how a species meeting those three [objectives] would eventually arise with prolonged isolation and divergence .

It is , then , a mistake to defend natural selection against the tautology objection by proposing criteria of fitness independent of reproductive success .
it is , then , a mistake to defend natural selection against the tautology objection by proposing [objectives] of fitness independent of reproductive success .

They exhibit the pre-linguistic sensations of pain and the ancestral tokens of human attributes such as deliberative intent , rational planning , choice , desire , fear , anger , and some beliefs , where our guiding criteria are the close similarity of their behavioural patterns , in like circumstances , to our own .
they exhibit the pre-linguistic sensations of pain and the ancestral tokens of human attributes such as deliberative intent , rational planning , choice , desire , fear , anger , and some beliefs , where our guiding [objectives] are the close similarity of their behavioural patterns , in like circumstances , to our own .

Similar confusions seem to account for Marian Dawkins ' difficulty in pinning down objective criteria of animal suffering beyond obvious pain reactions like tail or limb-biting ( 1980 : 110–11 ) .
similar confusions seem to account for marian dawkins ' difficulty in pinning down objective [objectives] of animal suffering beyond obvious pain reactions like tail or limb-biting ( 1980 : 110–11 ) .

These do seem to admit of answers in terms of the working criteria of veterinarians , farm and abattoir inspectors and zoo managers .
these do seem to admit of answers in terms of the working [objectives] of veterinarians , farm and abattoir inspectors and zoo managers .

It is quite wrong for such as Regan to claim that criteria such as these make a mockery of the statutory scrutiny of proposals .
it is quite wrong for such as regan to claim that [objectives] such as these make a mockery of the statutory scrutiny of proposals .

Improved public funding for ecologically sound land management was also discussed , as were criteria for reaching high environmental standards .
improved public funding for ecologically sound land management was also discussed , as were [objectives] for reaching high environmental standards .

Dische ( 1973 ) has outlined the criteria for suitability with this approach :
dische ( 1973 ) has outlined the [objectives] for suitability with this approach :

Susan Shirk describes this as an attempt to create a ‘ virtuocracy ’ based on Maoist criteria in contrast to a meritocracy .
susan shirk describes this as an attempt to create a ‘ virtuocracy ’ based on maoist [objectives] in contrast to a meritocracy .

There is no value in identifying a problem — even if it is a real one that matches the criteria given in 1 , 2 , and 3 — if you can do nothing about it .
there is no value in identifying a problem — even if it is a real one that matches the [objectives] given in 1 , 2 , and 3 — if you can do nothing about it .

You may therefore read the criteria and see if your answer matches them .
you may therefore read the [objectives] and see if your answer matches them .

Now write down two more possible methods making sure that they fit into the criteria of
now write down two more possible methods making sure that they fit into the [objectives] of

Emphasise answers which match the criteria shown on the following text pages .
emphasise answers which match the [objectives] shown on the following text pages .

You will note that the criteria for these usable answers describe antecedents and consequences that are very close in time to the problem behaviours and can possibly be changed .
you will note that the [objectives] for these usable answers describe antecedents and consequences that are very close in time to the problem behaviours and can possibly be changed .

These criteria do not imply that other longer term influences are not at work and we would have to accept that some of these influences are historical , in that they are inherent to probable ‘ weak ’ parenting skills from John 's earliest life .
these [objectives] do not imply that other longer term influences are not at work and we would have to accept that some of these influences are historical , in that they are inherent to probable ‘ weak ’ parenting skills from john 's earliest life .

To be ‘ right ’ the trainees ' answers need not be the same as the samples , but they should follow the same criteria .
to be ‘ right ’ the trainees ' answers need not be the same as the samples , but they should follow the same [objectives] .

Use of these categories for these examples is not final and trainees should be encouraged to explore other possibilities provided they match the criteria for measurement .
use of these categories for these examples is not final and trainees should be encouraged to explore other possibilities provided they match the [objectives] for measurement .

Major criteria for report keeping
major [objectives] for report keeping

Measurement and baselining methods are best chosen to suit the individual situation , following the principles given in Part 2 and summarised in the three criteria above .
measurement and baselining methods are best chosen to suit the individual situation , following the principles given in part 2 and summarised in the three [objectives] above .

This is perfectly acceptable provided the answers match the criteria .
this is perfectly acceptable provided the answers match the [objectives] .

Most assessment procedures are developed in order to provide a particular kind of interpretation and because of this the criteria against which the child 's language will be evaluated are implicit in the procedure .
most assessment procedures are developed in order to provide a particular kind of interpretation and because of this the [objectives] against which the child 's language will be evaluated are implicit in the procedure .

On the other hand , very few checklists have been systematically evaluated in relation to the formal criteria which are normally applied to language tests ( see Chapter 8 ) .
on the other hand , very few checklists have been systematically evaluated in relation to the formal [objectives] which are normally applied to language tests ( see chapter 8 ) .

Because of the claims made by test constructors in relation to the numerical scores which can be derived from tests and the very considerable technical demands required to meet these assessment objectives , it is necessary to evaluate language tests against a number of well-established criteria ( McCauley and Swisher 1984 ) .
because of the claims made by test constructors in relation to the numerical scores which can be derived from tests and the very considerable technical demands required to meet these assessment objectives , it is necessary to evaluate language tests against a number of well-established [objectives] ( mccauley and swisher 1984 ) .

Some of these criteria are described below .
some of these [objectives] are described below .

Final selection of the plates to be included in the test was determined by a number of criteria : the percentage of subjects getting an item correct had to increase with the age of the children ; the distractors at each age should attract responses , but not correlate with the total score ; and the final items needed to be evenly spread across the ability range .
final selection of the plates to be included in the test was determined by a number of [objectives] : the percentage of subjects getting an item correct had to increase with the age of the children ; the distractors at each age should attract responses , but not correlate with the total score ; and the final items needed to be evenly spread across the ability range .

Having briefly described ten tests of language , it is now possible to compare them on a range of criteria .
having briefly described ten tests of language , it is now possible to compare them on a range of [objectives] .

The criteria included here may be divided into two : first , those which are concerned with the content and manner of administration of the test ; and , second , those which are concerned with their technical sophistication and adequacy .
the [objectives] included here may be divided into two : first , those which are concerned with the content and manner of administration of the test ; and , second , those which are concerned with their technical sophistication and adequacy .

For ease of reference by practitioners who may wish to use these criteria to evaluate tests for specific purposes , the tests described and the criteria are presented in the form of a table at the end of this chapter ( see Table 8.1 , pp .
for ease of reference by practitioners who may wish to use these [objectives] to evaluate tests for specific purposes , the tests described and the [objectives] are presented in the form of a table at the end of this chapter ( see table 8.1 , pp .

These two criteria will determine the extent to which it is felt that the test can provide a meaningful assessment of children who may have additional articulatory , sensory or physical disorders , as well as possible linguistic difficulties .
these two [objectives] will determine the extent to which it is felt that the test can provide a meaningful assessment of children who may have additional articulatory , sensory or physical disorders , as well as possible linguistic difficulties .

The methods with which the relation between knowledge and social groups shall be studied are necessarily interpretative because there are no objective , epistemological criteria which can arbitrate trans-historically on the nature of truth .
the methods with which the relation between knowledge and social groups shall be studied are necessarily interpretative because there are no objective , epistemological [objectives] which can arbitrate trans-historically on the nature of truth .

The only criteria of ‘ science ’ we are left with are its ‘ openness ’ and the fact that it takes place ‘ entirely in thought ’ .
the only [objectives] of ‘ science ’ we are left with are its ‘ openness ’ and the fact that it takes place ‘ entirely in thought ’ .

Within this superficial understanding , the correct ideology was distinguished from the false solely according to the criteria of a realistic theory of knowledge .
within this superficial understanding , the correct ideology was distinguished from the false solely according to the [objectives] of a realistic theory of knowledge .

By all means consider a tank of an unusual or irregular design , but be aware of the limitations and do not apply the same criteria as you would to the more conventional rectangular aquarium , especially where stocking levels are concerned .
by all means consider a tank of an unusual or irregular design , but be aware of the limitations and do not apply the same [objectives] as you would to the more conventional rectangular aquarium , especially where stocking levels are concerned .

In our implementation , aggregation was achieved at run-time through masking out components of the primary key and assembling , using the Protocols language , the series of text objects meeting the criteria implied by the user 's current request .
in our implementation , aggregation was achieved at run-time through masking out components of the primary key and assembling , using the protocols language , the series of text objects meeting the [objectives] implied by the user 's current request .

In one of the most influential pieces of feminist research on sex differences ever produced , the psychologist Carol Gilligan argued that women and men tend to use different criteria and reasoning procedures in coming to moral decisions .
in one of the most influential pieces of feminist research on sex differences ever produced , the psychologist carol gilligan argued that women and men tend to use different [objectives] and reasoning procedures in coming to moral decisions .

Certainly this was Trudgill 's procedure where married women were concerned : the husband 's occupation defined the class of the wife ( along with other criteria such as what kind of housing they lived in ) .
certainly this was trudgill 's procedure where married women were concerned : the husband 's occupation defined the class of the wife ( along with other [objectives] such as what kind of housing they lived in ) .

Delphy points out that if one jettisoned the idea of the family as unit of stratification , using economic criteria to classify individuals instead , most wives would come out below their husbands .
delphy points out that if one jettisoned the idea of the family as unit of stratification , using economic [objectives] to classify individuals instead , most wives would come out below their husbands .

If , conversely , one used educational and type-of-occupation criteria to classify individuals ( and these are highly relevant to the question of how standard a speaker 's language is ) , it is probable that many wives , especially those of working-class men , would come out above their husbands .
if , conversely , one used educational and type-of-occupation [objectives] to classify individuals ( and these are highly relevant to the question of how standard a speaker 's language is ) , it is probable that many wives , especially those of working-class men , would come out above their husbands .

Linguists commonly make use of several criteria .
linguists commonly make use of several [objectives] .

If there was any criticism of the engine , it was that the aluminium alloys used gave the impression of not standing up the rigours of 40 years under the ground quite so well . It is doubtful , however , that this was one of the criteria uppermost in the minds of the metallurgist during the engine 's inception !
if there was any criticism of the engine , it was that the aluminium alloys used gave the impression of not standing up the rigours of 40 years under the ground quite so well . it is doubtful , however , that this was one of the [objectives] uppermost in the minds of the metallurgist during the engine 's inception !

This Act referred primarily to private establishments but the same criteria should be applied to local authority homes .
this act referred primarily to private establishments but the same [objectives] should be applied to local authority homes .

Various criteria have been used to define the ‘ public interest ’ , including the effect on competition , potential efficiency gains , employment implications , the effect on the regions etc .
various [objectives] have been used to define the ‘ public interest ’ , including the effect on competition , potential efficiency gains , employment implications , the effect on the regions etc .

In addition , questions were again raised about the criteria used to judge whether or not a bid should be referred — the Guinness bid was referred on grounds of reduced competition , but , again , this allows companies in unrelated industries to make bids unhindered .
in addition , questions were again raised about the [objectives] used to judge whether or not a bid should be referred — the guinness bid was referred on grounds of reduced competition , but , again , this allows companies in unrelated industries to make bids unhindered .

There are three separate criteria that must be met before a commercial fusion reactor can be built : temperature , density and ‘ confinement time ’ must all exceed certain minimum values .
there are three separate [objectives] that must be met before a commercial fusion reactor can be built : temperature , density and ‘ confinement time ’ must all exceed certain minimum values .

If any further evidence is needed to underline the growing possibility of a US-British rift over Northern Ireland , Clinton emphasises his support for the ‘ MacBride Principles ’ , which would require American firms based in Northern Ireland to abandon their operations there unless they complied with strict anti-discrimination criteria .
if any further evidence is needed to underline the growing possibility of a us-british rift over northern ireland , clinton emphasises his support for the ‘ macbride principles ’ , which would require american firms based in northern ireland to abandon their operations there unless they complied with strict anti-discrimination [objectives] .

‘ Appropriate ’ technology might usefully be defined as an idea which is of benefit to the people of developing countries , and which meets the following criteria :
‘ appropriate ’ technology might usefully be defined as an idea which is of benefit to the people of developing countries , and which meets the following [objectives] :

The concept of appropriate technology has been defined in terms of the criteria of accessibility and affordability to all who need it , and sensitivity to the traditions of the people .
the concept of appropriate technology has been defined in terms of the [objectives] of accessibility and affordability to all who need it , and sensitivity to the traditions of the people .

It would appear that the criteria for appropriate technology ( as have been proposed here ) are not easy to meet .
it would appear that the [objectives] for appropriate technology ( as have been proposed here ) are not easy to meet .

What is being suggested is that dreams in themselves have no absolute meaning or import — so that the idea of analysing them in terms of standard sets of criteria becomes a nonsense — but that the reaction of the dreamer to his or her dream can be very significant .
what is being suggested is that dreams in themselves have no absolute meaning or import — so that the idea of analysing them in terms of standard sets of [objectives] becomes a nonsense — but that the reaction of the dreamer to his or her dream can be very significant .

The following exercises can help you identify the criteria you use for assessing others , and in turn how you use them on yourself :
the following exercises can help you identify the [objectives] you use for assessing others , and in turn how you use them on yourself :

Of the former criteria , arts broadcaster Melvyn Bragg could be on this weekend 's list .
of the former [objectives] , arts broadcaster melvyn bragg could be on this weekend 's list .

Taylor said : ‘ Freidle would n't meet the criteria for a work permit if he has n't played for the full international side of a country that does n't have a high standard of football .
taylor said : ‘ freidle would n't meet the [objectives] for a work permit if he has n't played for the full international side of a country that does n't have a high standard of football .

Here , Chris Bonington looks at the way climbers develop their skills in order to test the above criteria , and sketches in the larger-than-life personalities and rivalries within the sport .
here , chris bonington looks at the way climbers develop their skills in order to test the above [objectives] , and sketches in the larger-than-life personalities and rivalries within the sport .

Every part of the Pearl Group was investigated , business requirements assimilated and key evaluation criteria produced .
every part of the pearl group was investigated , business requirements assimilated and key evaluation [objectives] produced .

This is the subject of the second chapter , which sets out three basic criteria that need to be fulfilled for recognition to be appropriate .
this is the subject of the second chapter , which sets out three basic [objectives] that need to be fulfilled for recognition to be appropriate .

Not just commercial criteria
not just commercial [objectives]

Traidcraft , which imports and sells a range of goods from developing countries , is to publish a report evaluating the impact of the company 's activities against non-financial criteria .
traidcraft , which imports and sells a range of goods from developing countries , is to publish a report evaluating the impact of the company 's activities against non-financial [objectives] .

In commenting to its members on the distinction between fixed and current financial assets , the Building Societies Association has undertaken to consider guidance on the criteria they should apply .
in commenting to its members on the distinction between fixed and current financial assets , the building societies association has undertaken to consider guidance on the [objectives] they should apply .

The consultative document , which seeks views on the size criteria for companies qualifying for relief , the nature of the compilation report , who should provide it and whether it should be voluntary , has been sent to interest groups outside the profession , as well as to members .
the consultative document , which seeks views on the size [objectives] for companies qualifying for relief , the nature of the compilation report , who should provide it and whether it should be voluntary , has been sent to interest groups outside the profession , as well as to members .

As is pointed out in a robust response from Ernst & Young , the code is full of the desired qualitative attributes of boards and directors , but it is short on objective operational criteria .
as is pointed out in a robust response from ernst & young , the code is full of the desired qualitative attributes of boards and directors , but it is short on objective operational [objectives] .

762 ( 20 September 1982 ) Customs indicated the criteria they expect to be met when a previously single business is divided :
762 ( 20 september 1982 ) customs indicated the [objectives] they expect to be met when a previously single business is divided :

The third note , Treatment of Directors ' Claims as ‘ Employees ’ in Insolvency Administration , explains the criteria that have to be met for such claims to be accepted .
the third note , treatment of directors ' claims as ‘ employees ’ in insolvency administration , explains the [objectives] that have to be met for such claims to be accepted .

Such efforts may eliminate some common inaccuracies , but no set of criteria can avoid distortion caused by the quantification of unlike incidents .
such efforts may eliminate some common inaccuracies , but no set of [objectives] can avoid distortion caused by the quantification of unlike incidents .

It will perhaps be said that , although there may be no inherent difficulty in establishing criteria of relevance to choices of means , the vagueness of ‘ Be aware ’ for choices of ends reduces it to meaninglessness as our proposed ‘ first principle ’ .
it will perhaps be said that , although there may be no inherent difficulty in establishing [objectives] of relevance to choices of means , the vagueness of ‘ be aware ’ for choices of ends reduces it to meaninglessness as our proposed ‘ first principle ’ .

This analysis shows up a further difference between choices of means and of ends ; the former start from facts publicly testable by objective criteria , the latter from the look and feel of things tested privately and subjectively , by assuming in experience or imagination the relevant viewpoint in the fullest awareness available , and discovering how one does respond .
this analysis shows up a further difference between choices of means and of ends ; the former start from facts publicly testable by objective [objectives] , the latter from the look and feel of things tested privately and subjectively , by assuming in experience or imagination the relevant viewpoint in the fullest awareness available , and discovering how one does respond .

The only change introduced was the criteria of which side gets the put-in after a stoppage .
the only change introduced was the [objectives] of which side gets the put-in after a stoppage .

All are accessible via a range of criteria , including property involved , borrower status and loan amount required .
all are accessible via a range of [objectives] , including property involved , borrower status and loan amount required .

The central issues which require resolution are the criteria to be used to determine whether a capital instrument represents debt or equity and the treatment of instruments like convertible debt which will or may be exchanged for other instruments .
the central issues which require resolution are the [objectives] to be used to determine whether a capital instrument represents debt or equity and the treatment of instruments like convertible debt which will or may be exchanged for other instruments .

This amendment permits preparers of financial statements , where they consider it appropriate in their particular circumstances , to use the same recognition criteria for the tax implications of pensions and other post-retirement benefits as in accounting for the obligations to provide those benefits .
this amendment permits preparers of financial statements , where they consider it appropriate in their particular circumstances , to use the same recognition [objectives] for the tax implications of pensions and other post-retirement benefits as in accounting for the obligations to provide those benefits .

Allowing the taxpayers ' appeal , Lord Justice Browne-Wilkinson held that in construing a piece of legislation , reference to Parliamentary materials , subject to any question of Parliamentary privilege , is permissible where three criteria are met : the legislation is ambiguous or obscure , or leads to an absurdity ; the material relied on consists of one or more statements by a minister or other promoter of the Bill , together if necessary with such other Parliamentary material as is necessary to understand such statements and their effect ; the statements relied on are clear .
allowing the taxpayers ' appeal , lord justice browne-wilkinson held that in construing a piece of legislation , reference to parliamentary materials , subject to any question of parliamentary privilege , is permissible where three [objectives] are met : the legislation is ambiguous or obscure , or leads to an absurdity ; the material relied on consists of one or more statements by a minister or other promoter of the bill , together if necessary with such other parliamentary material as is necessary to understand such statements and their effect ; the statements relied on are clear .

Having established that reference to Parliamentary material as an aid to statutory construction could be permissible , Lord Justice Browne-Wilkinson considered whether the case in question fell within these criteria .
having established that reference to parliamentary material as an aid to statutory construction could be permissible , lord justice browne-wilkinson considered whether the case in question fell within these [objectives] .

The case is significant in that it establishes the principle that the courts may refer , subject to specific criteria , to Parliamentary material when construing legislation .
the case is significant in that it establishes the principle that the courts may refer , subject to specific [objectives] , to parliamentary material when construing legislation .

Criteria would include : work experience requirements based on length of service , level of responsibility and the quality and quantity of assignments ; assessment of technical knowledge and competence through written or oral exams , continuous assessment and/or dissertations on an approved subject ; and continuing professional education .
[objectives] would include : work experience requirements based on length of service , level of responsibility and the quality and quantity of assignments ; assessment of technical knowledge and competence through written or oral exams , continuous assessment and/or dissertations on an approved subject ; and continuing professional education .

Auditors will be required to give the Bank any information or opinion relating to their client 's ability to fulfil the criteria for authorisation , and to provide any information reasonably requested by the Bank in its supervisory role .
auditors will be required to give the bank any information or opinion relating to their client 's ability to fulfil the [objectives] for authorisation , and to provide any information reasonably requested by the bank in its supervisory role .

When the Bingham Report recommended a statutory duty for auditors ‘ to report to the Bank any information or opinion which the auditor knows or should reasonably know to be relevant to a bank 's fulfilment of the criteria in Sch 3 of the 1987 [ Banking ] Act ’ ( ie the criteria for being licensed as a bank ) , auditors ' reactions varied from the totally relaxed to the slightly concerned , but no one positively opposed the change .
when the bingham report recommended a statutory duty for auditors ‘ to report to the bank any information or opinion which the auditor knows or should reasonably know to be relevant to a bank 's fulfilment of the [objectives] in sch 3 of the 1987 [ banking ] act ’ ( ie the [objectives] for being licensed as a bank ) , auditors ' reactions varied from the totally relaxed to the slightly concerned , but no one positively opposed the change .

While the criteria apply to around 260 companies throughout Europe , Jeffrey Knight , special adviser to the Federation , says that it hopes to start the Eurolist early next year with a few major companies and then expand it rapidly .
while the [objectives] apply to around 260 companies throughout europe , jeffrey knight , special adviser to the federation , says that it hopes to start the eurolist early next year with a few major companies and then expand it rapidly .

We understand that we do not satisfy stringent criteria laid down by the Charity Commission for formal registration , and in the event we would prefer to avoid the substantial cost of registration and the administrative burden that would accompany it .
we understand that we do not satisfy stringent [objectives] laid down by the charity commission for formal registration , and in the event we would prefer to avoid the substantial cost of registration and the administrative burden that would accompany it .

In drafting the statement of circumstances it should be borne in mind that the auditor enjoys the protection of qualified privilege , ie he will be immune from any action against him in respect of his statement provided it is given in good faith , without malice and does not infringe the general criteria stated in s 394 .
in drafting the statement of circumstances it should be borne in mind that the auditor enjoys the protection of qualified privilege , ie he will be immune from any action against him in respect of his statement provided it is given in good faith , without malice and does not infringe the general [objectives] stated in s 394 .

Either they must draw back from the spotlight and forfeit their privileges or pick their partners based on purely practical criteria .
either they must draw back from the spotlight and forfeit their privileges or pick their partners based on purely practical [objectives] .

The criteria for the awards emphasised total quality management and innovation .
the [objectives] for the awards emphasised total quality management and innovation .

The reduction of the concept of communication to comprehensible input , in association with the absence of any clear definition of what is meant by comprehensible or any criteria for knowing whether language has been comprehended or not , means that almost any approach to teaching can claim to have the blessing of the theory .
the reduction of the concept of communication to comprehensible input , in association with the absence of any clear definition of what is meant by comprehensible or any [objectives] for knowing whether language has been comprehended or not , means that almost any approach to teaching can claim to have the blessing of the theory .

Different domains of enquiry and action work to different criteria of significance .
different domains of enquiry and action work to different [objectives] of significance .

Empirical evaluation differs from assessment , as the term is generally understood , in that it focuses not on the measurement of learner attainment as matched against norms or criteria of success but on the process of learning and the factors which appear to influence it .
empirical evaluation differs from assessment , as the term is generally understood , in that it focuses not on the measurement of learner attainment as matched against norms or [objectives] of success but on the process of learning and the factors which appear to influence it .

So it is that we can apply to research of different disciplinary provenance general criteria of appraisal approved by the wider culture of intellectual enquiry .
so it is that we can apply to research of different disciplinary provenance general [objectives] of appraisal approved by the wider culture of intellectual enquiry .

There are two kinds of general criteria .
there are two kinds of general [objectives] .

Thus in relation to conceptual criteria , research might be criticized on the grounds of inconsistency of reasoning or imprecision of terminology or general intellectual ineptitude , using the standards of argumentation approved by our culture ( though not necessarily by others ) .
thus in relation to conceptual [objectives] , research might be criticized on the grounds of inconsistency of reasoning or imprecision of terminology or general intellectual ineptitude , using the standards of argumentation approved by our culture ( though not necessarily by others ) .

The employment of these general conceptual criteria is central to the process of interpretation , as discussed in Chapter 3 .
the employment of these general conceptual [objectives] is central to the process of interpretation , as discussed in chapter 3 .

The adoption of this model of pedagogy means that the teacher is necessarily engaged in research as an aspect of teaching and this research too has its own character and its own criteria of relevance and success .
the adoption of this model of pedagogy means that the teacher is necessarily engaged in research as an aspect of teaching and this research too has its own character and its own [objectives] of relevance and success .

The essence of this judgment is that if the courts are considering whether a duty of care exists in a particular situation , they will apply three criteria : fore-seeability of damage , proximity of relationship , and reasonableness .
the essence of this judgment is that if the courts are considering whether a duty of care exists in a particular situation , they will apply three [objectives] : fore-seeability of damage , proximity of relationship , and reasonableness .

The rationale behind this was our conviction that , first , it would be consistent with the public and professional interest to extend the membership criteria to allow specialist work and , second , that it would be unrealistic , not to say unhelpful , to restrict the training of chartered accountants rigidly to a single route .
the rationale behind this was our conviction that , first , it would be consistent with the public and professional interest to extend the membership [objectives] to allow specialist work and , second , that it would be unrealistic , not to say unhelpful , to restrict the training of chartered accountants rigidly to a single route .

Sharing a home with relatives ( other than parents ) before marriage is another phenomenon which was more common in the past than in the present ( Anderson , 1971 ; 1980 ) Very little is known about circumstances under which young people now may go to live with a non-parental relative , although Gill Jones ( 1987 ) has shown that it still happens for a substantial number , especially those designated as working class on occupational criteria .
sharing a home with relatives ( other than parents ) before marriage is another phenomenon which was more common in the past than in the present ( anderson , 1971 ; 1980 ) very little is known about circumstances under which young people now may go to live with a non-parental relative , although gill jones ( 1987 ) has shown that it still happens for a substantial number , especially those designated as working class on occupational [objectives] .

Less than one third of respondents who had a mother living included her as a person to whom they felt very close , and hardly any had what could be described as a ‘ true ’ close relationship with their mother ( using criteria developed from the Brown and Harris study ) .
less than one third of respondents who had a mother living included her as a person to whom they felt very close , and hardly any had what could be described as a ‘ true ’ close relationship with their mother ( using [objectives] developed from the brown and harris study ) .

The received wisdoms that to restrict the use of secure accommodation we should concentrate on refining the relative legislative criteria must be challenged .
the received wisdoms that to restrict the use of secure accommodation we should concentrate on refining the relative legislative [objectives] must be challenged .

The Bank itself commissioned a study which noted that approximately a third of its projects failed to meet these rigorous criteria .
the bank itself commissioned a study which noted that approximately a third of its projects failed to meet these rigorous [objectives] .

Belgium 's finance minister , Philippe Maystadt , has called for the acceleration of the timetable for monetary union and for a relaxation of the Maastricht treaty 's economic-convergence criteria .
belgium 's finance minister , philippe maystadt , has called for the acceleration of the timetable for monetary union and for a relaxation of the maastricht treaty 's economic-convergence [objectives] .

The reason is that the treaty sets criteria to measure whether a country is ready for economic and monetary union .
the reason is that the treaty sets [objectives] to measure whether a country is ready for economic and monetary union .

The criteria for budget deficits and public debt require spending cuts .
the [objectives] for budget deficits and public debt require spending cuts .

Countries with big debts — like Italy and Belgium — will not be able to meet the Maastricht criteria unless their economies start growing like Topsy .
countries with big debts — like italy and belgium — will not be able to meet the maastricht [objectives] unless their economies start growing like topsy .

Examples range from efforts to structure sentencing decisions through legislative criteria ( for example , Criminal Justice Acts 1982 and 1988 ) to the far-reaching Minnesota Sentencing Guidelines Commission .
examples range from efforts to structure sentencing decisions through legislative [objectives] ( for example , criminal justice acts 1982 and 1988 ) to the far-reaching minnesota sentencing guidelines commission .

Can prison diets and living conditions reasonably be judged by the same criteria as those in western countries , when the quality of life for the ‘ honest poor ’ outside is so much lower ?
can prison diets and living conditions reasonably be judged by the same [objectives] as those in western countries , when the quality of life for the ‘ honest poor ’ outside is so much lower ?

What mattered most ? To answer that question it is possible to make use of a number of criteria :
what mattered most ? to answer that question it is possible to make use of a number of [objectives] :

Applying these five criteria to the documents it is possible to distinguish reasonably enough between three types of significance which can best be considered separately .
applying these five [objectives] to the documents it is possible to distinguish reasonably enough between three types of significance which can best be considered separately .

Delinquent subculture theory locates the impetus more specifically in the social setting of lower-class adolescent males ( who were shown to be the most crime-prone by official statistics ) : they are disadvantaged in their quest for status and achievement ( defined by conventional agencies such as the school ) and consequently construct their own , alternative criteria .
delinquent subculture theory locates the impetus more specifically in the social setting of lower-class adolescent males ( who were shown to be the most crime-prone by official statistics ) : they are disadvantaged in their quest for status and achievement ( defined by conventional agencies such as the school ) and consequently construct their own , alternative [objectives] .

They use delinquent criteria in order to distance themselves as far as possible from conventional ones , and hence insulate themselves from a sense of failure .
they use delinquent [objectives] in order to distance themselves as far as possible from conventional ones , and hence insulate themselves from a sense of failure .

This is simply because there are no objective criteria about what constitutes ‘ health ’ in a society as there are in the case of biological organisms ( such expressions are examples of Durkheim 's much-discredited use of biological analogies ) .
this is simply because there are no objective [objectives] about what constitutes ‘ health ’ in a society as there are in the case of biological organisms ( such expressions are examples of durkheim 's much-discredited use of biological analogies ) .

Similarly , for juvenile offenders , the ‘ care order ’ under which they may be detained in an institution is for an unspecified period ; again , release is determined by rehabilitative , treatment criteria .
similarly , for juvenile offenders , the ‘ care order ’ under which they may be detained in an institution is for an unspecified period ; again , release is determined by rehabilitative , treatment [objectives] .

Jane Kennedy ( Labour ) pressed him on the recent article in the Independent , which stated that ministers had privately said they intended to issue new guidelines to family doctors to tighten up the eligibility criteria for the benefit .
jane kennedy ( labour ) pressed him on the recent article in the independent , which stated that ministers had privately said they intended to issue new guidelines to family doctors to tighten up the eligibility [objectives] for the benefit .

Many believe it would be political suicide to restrict criteria for unemployment benefit in a time of recession and high unemployment , and income support is already so low that there seems little scope for cuts there .
many believe it would be political suicide to restrict [objectives] for unemployment benefit in a time of recession and high unemployment , and income support is already so low that there seems little scope for cuts there .

To enable them to take all client groups , accommodation standards will be higher than those set down in the registration criteria .
to enable them to take all client groups , accommodation standards will be higher than those set down in the registration [objectives] .

Firstly , the book is limited to those media which most absorbed people 's attention in the post-war era , and which met most fully the criteria of a mass medium — television , radio and newspapers .
firstly , the book is limited to those media which most absorbed people 's attention in the post-war era , and which met most fully the [objectives] of a mass medium — television , radio and newspapers .

Three of Zeneca 's new products come close to meeting the blockbuster criteria : Casodex , Accolate and Merrem could all be approved for use by 1996 .
three of zeneca 's new products come close to meeting the blockbuster [objectives] : casodex , accolate and merrem could all be approved for use by 1996 .

The families and the professionals have been concerned with the care of children and with negotiating the criteria that govern state intervention in that care .
the families and the professionals have been concerned with the care of children and with negotiating the [objectives] that govern state intervention in that care .

These changes have considerable implications for the criteria for social work intervention in the lives of families and for the nature of public child care provision .
these changes have considerable implications for the [objectives] for social work intervention in the lives of families and for the nature of public child care provision .

It seems clear that , no matter how those at risk may be identified and quantified , social workers will , in practice , increasingly want to ensure that their actions are directed by legislative requirements , both as protection for themselves and as a means of pointing to at least some external criteria for the validity of the protective actions taken in respect of children .
it seems clear that , no matter how those at risk may be identified and quantified , social workers will , in practice , increasingly want to ensure that their actions are directed by legislative requirements , both as protection for themselves and as a means of pointing to at least some external [objectives] for the validity of the protective actions taken in respect of children .

Perhaps , not surprisingly , in a short space of time life skills training has become detached from the wider objectives associated with liberal humanist education : the point being that teaching young people about society has been replaced by criteria designed to alter their relationship with it . ( Gleeson 1990 : 188 )
perhaps , not surprisingly , in a short space of time life skills training has become detached from the wider objectives associated with liberal humanist education : the point being that teaching young people about society has been replaced by [objectives] designed to alter their relationship with it . ( gleeson 1990 : 188 )

We did n't have interviews , but a young person had to ‘ gain ' a place none the less , as we had criteria for entry onto the course .
we did n't have interviews , but a young person had to ‘ gain ' a place none the less , as we had [objectives] for entry onto the course .

Professionals segregate according to expert criteria , but ‘ what is it to be human ?
professionals segregate according to expert [objectives] , but ‘ what is it to be human ?

And now for something completely different … a racket which the manufacturer claims has criteria which no other racket can provide . What are they ? What is it ?
and now for something completely different … a racket which the manufacturer claims has [objectives] which no other racket can provide . what are they ? what is it ?

The range of artists represented from 4 March to 13 June suggests that diversity may be one of the chief criteria for assembling the show .
the range of artists represented from 4 march to 13 june suggests that diversity may be one of the chief [objectives] for assembling the show .

Presentation will be in objective format with performance criteria and evidence required for assessment clearly stated .
presentation will be in objective format with performance [objectives] and evidence required for assessment clearly stated .

It might be said that what Wittgenstein says about the criteria of someone having understood a colour-word provides a reason for answering the question affirmatively .
it might be said that what wittgenstein says about the [objectives] of someone having understood a colour-word provides a reason for answering the question affirmatively .

Because the practice is something in which people share , there are behavioural criteria for saying that someone has cottoned on to the use of an expression .
because the practice is something in which people share , there are behavioural [objectives] for saying that someone has cottoned on to the use of an expression .

For him , the first question is , ‘ By what criteria do we come to locate or mislocate sensations as being in some sense of ‘ in ’ in the right knee or in the pit of the stomach ?
for him , the first question is , ‘ by what [objectives] do we come to locate or mislocate sensations as being in some sense of ‘ in ’ in the right knee or in the pit of the stomach ?

Ryle asks , ‘ By what criteria do we come to locate or mislocate sensations as being in some sense of ‘ 'in ’ in the right knee or in the pit of the stomach ?
ryle asks , ‘ by what [objectives] do we come to locate or mislocate sensations as being in some sense of ‘ 'in ’ in the right knee or in the pit of the stomach ?

’ But he gives only the outline of an answer to this question , for he does not say what the criteria are .
’ but he gives only the outline of an answer to this question , for he does not say what the [objectives] are .

Ryle seems to imply that there are such criteria , but he does not say what they are .
ryle seems to imply that there are such [objectives] , but he does not say what they are .

The Waverley criteria are : ( 1 ) Is the item of outstanding importance to the history of Britain ; ( 2 ) is it of outstanding artistic merit ; ( 3 ) is it of outstanding importance to the study of that subject ? )
the waverley [objectives] are : ( 1 ) is the item of outstanding importance to the history of britain ; ( 2 ) is it of outstanding artistic merit ; ( 3 ) is it of outstanding importance to the study of that subject ? )

Stopped for three months under all three Waverley criteria .
stopped for three months under all three waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for two months under second and third Waverley criteria .
stopped for two months under second and third waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for two months under second and third Waverley criteria .
stopped for two months under second and third waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for three months under second and third Waverley criteria .
stopped for three months under second and third waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for three months under second and third Waverley criteria .
stopped for three months under second and third waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for three months under first and third Waverley criteria .
stopped for three months under first and third waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for three months under first and third Waverley criteria .
stopped for three months under first and third waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for two months under first and second Waverley criteria .
stopped for two months under first and second waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for three months under first and second Waverley criteria .
stopped for three months under first and second waverley [objectives] .

Stopped under first and second Waverley criteria .
stopped under first and second waverley [objectives] .

Stopped under all three Waverley criteria .
stopped under all three waverley [objectives] .

Stopped for three months under the first and second Waverley criteria .
stopped for three months under the first and second waverley [objectives] .

Recent arguments about whether the level of state pensions has or has not risen over time relative to average adult per capita income , about whether pensions should or should not be more generous today , and about how criteria for change in the level of pension payments should be set , are all important , but they are essentially distinct from the issue of whether the receipt of state benefits necessarily creates a dependency in the recipient which would not otherwise exist .
recent arguments about whether the level of state pensions has or has not risen over time relative to average adult per capita income , about whether pensions should or should not be more generous today , and about how [objectives] for change in the level of pension payments should be set , are all important , but they are essentially distinct from the issue of whether the receipt of state benefits necessarily creates a dependency in the recipient which would not otherwise exist .

The tour to New Zealand is an intimidating affair by any criteria , with Canterbury , Auckland and the All Blacks on successive Saturdays .
the tour to new zealand is an intimidating affair by any [objectives] , with canterbury , auckland and the all blacks on successive saturdays .

But is there not a contradiction between being so fiercely hostile to relativism in history and aesthetics and at the same time asserting that there are no objective criteria for deciding whether a work is good or bad ? And above all , as you know better than anybody , the ‘ biology of aesthetic pleasure ’ , which you have just explained , has to take account of differences between epochs , civilisations and , obviously , within the same society , between individuals .
but is there not a contradiction between being so fiercely hostile to relativism in history and aesthetics and at the same time asserting that there are no objective [objectives] for deciding whether a work is good or bad ? and above all , as you know better than anybody , the ‘ biology of aesthetic pleasure ’ , which you have just explained , has to take account of differences between epochs , civilisations and , obviously , within the same society , between individuals .

The criteria have been rigorously applied : fine condition , outstanding quality and preferably , period frame .
the [objectives] have been rigorously applied : fine condition , outstanding quality and preferably , period frame .

Denver is known nationally for its collection of Native American art , one of the world 's most extensive , which the museum has assembled over the years on aesthetic , rather than ethnographic , criteria .
denver is known nationally for its collection of native american art , one of the world 's most extensive , which the museum has assembled over the years on aesthetic , rather than ethnographic , [objectives] .

These are arrived at using criteria set down by the Joint Negotiating Committee for Chief Officers of Local Authorities .
these are arrived at using [objectives] set down by the joint negotiating committee for chief officers of local authorities .

But abolitionists also had to face powerful arguments formulated by slave trading interests in terms of the national interest of the commerce by the mercantilist criteria which underpinned much existing commercial legislation .
but abolitionists also had to face powerful arguments formulated by slave trading interests in terms of the national interest of the commerce by the mercantilist [objectives] which underpinned much existing commercial legislation .

Equally important for the print culture of antislavery was the considerable expansion , judged on conservative criteria , in provincial printing presses in the second half of the eighteenth century .
equally important for the print culture of antislavery was the considerable expansion , judged on conservative [objectives] , in provincial printing presses in the second half of the eighteenth century .

On fairly conservative criteria this parliamentary force numbered perhaps thirty-five in the first half of the 1790s , twenty in 1806 and between thirty-five and sixty in the parliaments from 1812 to 1831 , dropping to about thirty in the reformed parliament of 1832 .
on fairly conservative [objectives] this parliamentary force numbered perhaps thirty-five in the first half of the 1790s , twenty in 1806 and between thirty-five and sixty in the parliaments from 1812 to 1831 , dropping to about thirty in the reformed parliament of 1832 .

Moreover , since the 1788 petitions were not part of a movement pursuing significant change in the political system or attacking the range of government policy , the application of humanitarian and general interest criteria to a question of trade probably appeared relatively innocuous to those who were not directly involved .
moreover , since the 1788 petitions were not part of a movement pursuing significant change in the political system or attacking the range of government policy , the application of humanitarian and general interest [objectives] to a question of trade probably appeared relatively innocuous to those who were not directly involved .

In many European countries a similar method of ‘ criteria targeting ’ has been applied to schools .
in many european countries a similar method of ‘ [objectives] targeting ’ has been applied to schools .

The boredom and disenchantment which can follow upon criteria targeting produce one significant side effect .
the boredom and disenchantment which can follow upon [objectives] targeting produce one significant side effect .

Criteria targeting ( ie working towards a predetermined objective ) is appropriate to the robots on a car production line : it is quite inappropriate to the education of children .
[objectives] targeting ( ie working towards a predetermined objective ) is appropriate to the robots on a car production line : it is quite inappropriate to the education of children .

It is superficial to judge education by false memories and the criteria of the past … There must be some schools today where standards are lower than they should be , where there is a lack of order and clear purpose , where children are bored and restless .
it is superficial to judge education by false memories and the [objectives] of the past … there must be some schools today where standards are lower than they should be , where there is a lack of order and clear purpose , where children are bored and restless .

The teaching force then has the task of meeting the criteria established by these guidelines .
the teaching force then has the task of meeting the [objectives] established by these guidelines .

These criteria are usually formally defined , eg all children of 12 will study the 17th century : the Counter Reformation .
these [objectives] are usually formally defined , eg all children of 12 will study the 17th century : the counter reformation .

It is rare that the ‘ benchmarks ’ ( the term for criteria used in the popular press ) will be as innocuous as those suggested by our politicians .
it is rare that the ‘ benchmarks ’ ( the term for [objectives] used in the popular press ) will be as innocuous as those suggested by our politicians .

It is unlikely that narrow initiatives ( like criteria targeting based upon statistical projections of likely future needs ) will provide schools with the workforce which is required .
it is unlikely that narrow initiatives ( like [objectives] targeting based upon statistical projections of likely future needs ) will provide schools with the workforce which is required .

There can be a useful discussion between the project leader and an ergonomist where the former is invited to clarify how he sees these intercommunication problems being dealt with including such criteria as what is reported to him , what to the meeting of sub-heads and what occurs directly between sub-teams .
there can be a useful discussion between the project leader and an ergonomist where the former is invited to clarify how he sees these intercommunication problems being dealt with including such [objectives] as what is reported to him , what to the meeting of sub-heads and what occurs directly between sub-teams .

In addition to the separate criteria related to men and mechanisms there are others to do with information acquisition , storage and presentation focussing on the interface design which has its own design criteria .
in addition to the separate [objectives] related to men and mechanisms there are others to do with information acquisition , storage and presentation focussing on the interface design which has its own design [objectives] .

The systems approach indicates that the two should be balanced on technical , economic and behavioural criteria ( Table 1.8 . )
the systems approach indicates that the two should be balanced on technical , economic and behavioural [objectives] ( table 1.8 . )

There are at least three kinds of validity : construct validity which refers to the degree to which the test seems to be based on psychological theory , content validity which describes how well the test measures what it is intended to measure and criterion validity which indicates its value as a predictor using as criteria other measures of relevant performance .
there are at least three kinds of validity : construct validity which refers to the degree to which the test seems to be based on psychological theory , content validity which describes how well the test measures what it is intended to measure and criterion validity which indicates its value as a predictor using as [objectives] other measures of relevant performance .

It requires a broader approach than task analysis in that it often involves tracing the acquisition of the skill starting from the kind of persons who undertake training ( the selection criteria ) through the training procedures to the end product ( the training success criteria ) .
it requires a broader approach than task analysis in that it often involves tracing the acquisition of the skill starting from the kind of persons who undertake training ( the selection [objectives] ) through the training procedures to the end product ( the training success [objectives] ) .

The essential vulnerability reinforces the requirement that the starting point of design should be a clarification of objectives followed by a consideration of the criteria of assessment that the objectives have been achieved .
the essential vulnerability reinforces the requirement that the starting point of design should be a clarification of objectives followed by a consideration of the [objectives] of assessment that the objectives have been achieved .

The objectives and criteria of success of any training scheme are best described in system terms .
the objectives and [objectives] of success of any training scheme are best described in system terms .

Non-educational criteria almost invariably have priority in recruitment over educational ones and employers tend to have only the vaguest notions as to what particular qualifications entail or imply .
non-educational [objectives] almost invariably have priority in recruitment over educational ones and employers tend to have only the vaguest notions as to what particular qualifications entail or imply .

In terms of the overall needs employers had of young people , it was clear that non-academic criteria , attitudes to work and personal characteristics , and basic skills , essentially those of reading , writing and arithmetic , were far more important to employers than academic qualifications .
in terms of the overall needs employers had of young people , it was clear that non-academic [objectives] , attitudes to work and personal characteristics , and basic skills , essentially those of reading , writing and arithmetic , were far more important to employers than academic qualifications .

The most common approach was that where ‘ the balance between academic and non-academic criteria shifts in favour of the non-academic ’ ( ibid .
the most common approach was that where ‘ the balance between academic and non-academic [objectives] shifts in favour of the non-academic ’ ( ibid .

They will be waived if a candidate possesses the appropriate non-academic criteria .
they will be waived if a candidate possesses the appropriate non-academic [objectives] .

This is the point at which non-academic come to take precedence over academic criteria .
this is the point at which non-academic come to take precedence over academic [objectives] .

Hence non-academic criteria have a clear priority over the academic .
hence non-academic [objectives] have a clear priority over the academic .

The data corresponds precisely to the situation described by Ashton et al 's recruitment strategies with non-educational criteria taking priority over educational ones .
the data corresponds precisely to the situation described by ashton et al 's recruitment strategies with non-educational [objectives] taking priority over educational ones .

the evidence strongly indicates that employers are not especially concerned with the educational attainment of young workers in those sectors of the labour market in which such individuals tend to seek employment . Non-educational criteria have a clear priority in recruitment strategies ;
the evidence strongly indicates that employers are not especially concerned with the educational attainment of young workers in those sectors of the labour market in which such individuals tend to seek employment . non-educational [objectives] have a clear priority in recruitment strategies ;

Qualifications are invariably used alongside other criteria and these usually take priority in recruitment .
qualifications are invariably used alongside other [objectives] and these usually take priority in recruitment .

Evidence suggests that jobs are often distributed according to age-life cycle criteria .
evidence suggests that jobs are often distributed according to age-life cycle [objectives] .

We made it clear that the list of authors was not intended to be comprehensive : ‘ We stress again that we are not recommending as set texts the books of the authors listed … While we believe that their books do meet the criteria outlined above [ in the preceding paragraphs ] we have no doubt that so too do those of many authors who are favourites with children and teachers .
we made it clear that the list of authors was not intended to be comprehensive : ‘ we stress again that we are not recommending as set texts the books of the authors listed … while we believe that their books do meet the [objectives] outlined above [ in the preceding paragraphs ] we have no doubt that so too do those of many authors who are favourites with children and teachers .

The following criteria are useful in selecting books for primary aged children :
the following [objectives] are useful in selecting books for primary aged children :

The second difficulty is the inevitable paradox that lenders with the strictest criteria can afford to offer cheaper credit than those whose looser criteria demand higher rates to pay either for a larger proportion of bad debt or ( more often ) for costlier instalment collection procedures .
the second difficulty is the inevitable paradox that lenders with the strictest [objectives] can afford to offer cheaper credit than those whose looser [objectives] demand higher rates to pay either for a larger proportion of bad debt or ( more often ) for costlier instalment collection procedures .

The third difficulty is that the criteria which a lender uses to differentiate between borrowers he is prepared to accept and borrowers he judges too risky may , as it were , throw out the sheep with the goats .
the third difficulty is that the [objectives] which a lender uses to differentiate between borrowers he is prepared to accept and borrowers he judges too risky may , as it were , throw out the sheep with the goats .

The move south was now imperative in an attempt to contact Allied ships , and platoon areas for future operations were picked by the dubious but only available criteria : those towns in bold type on Bernard Callinan 's map were chosen as platoon centres .
the move south was now imperative in an attempt to contact allied ships , and platoon areas for future operations were picked by the dubious but only available [objectives] : those towns in bold type on bernard callinan 's map were chosen as platoon centres .

He therefore suggests that yearning for growth , should constitute the criteria by which a church is assessed ( van Engen 1981:448ff ) .
he therefore suggests that yearning for growth , should constitute the [objectives] by which a church is assessed ( van engen 1981:448ff ) .

In use , Montval paper meets all the above criteria , created at the turn of the century by Canson , if offers creative freedom with reliability , all at an economical price . ’
in use , montval paper meets all the above [objectives] , created at the turn of the century by canson , if offers creative freedom with reliability , all at an economical price . ’

Indeed , one of the criteria on which he makes his choice of artist and subject is ‘ the fact that public taste is very definitely not the same as refined gallery taste .
indeed , one of the [objectives] on which he makes his choice of artist and subject is ‘ the fact that public taste is very definitely not the same as refined gallery taste .

Text Analysis The vocabulary of an inputted text is checked against the criteria of objective frequency , ‘ familiarity ’ and coverage .
text analysis the vocabulary of an inputted text is checked against the [objectives] of objective frequency , ‘ familiarity ’ and coverage .

The true book-collector must accept this sort of eccentricity along with all the other criteria .
the true book-collector must accept this sort of eccentricity along with all the other [objectives] .

Progressing to the next century , we arrive at an edition which might well satisfy one of Sawyer and Dartoll 's criteria , that of beauty of production .
progressing to the next century , we arrive at an edition which might well satisfy one of sawyer and dartoll 's [objectives] , that of beauty of production .

But every letter is unique and even a retained copy , the equivalent of a modern carbon , does not detract from that essential quality : so that criteria are not so stern .
but every letter is unique and even a retained copy , the equivalent of a modern carbon , does not detract from that essential quality : so that [objectives] are not so stern .

Social science explanation will always remain probabilistic and uncertain , or ‘ unproven ’ by natural science criteria .
social science explanation will always remain probabilistic and uncertain , or ‘ unproven ’ by natural science [objectives] .

Officials are recruited on merit criteria .
officials are recruited on merit [objectives] .

Second , the criteria adopted for a good decision are satisficing not maximizing rules .
second , the [objectives] adopted for a good decision are satisficing not maximizing rules .

The test of sound theoretical work lay not in ‘ bourgeois ’ criteria such as consistency or falsifiability , but in the accuracy of theory as a guide for political practice .
the test of sound theoretical work lay not in ‘ bourgeois ’ [objectives] such as consistency or falsifiability , but in the accuracy of theory as a guide for political practice .

First , the criteria used to define the working class are loosened , and serious attempts are made to analyse categories intermediate between the bourgeoisie and the working class .
first , the [objectives] used to define the working class are loosened , and serious attempts are made to analyse categories intermediate between the bourgeoisie and the working class .

Capital has more fundamental and generalizable criteria of common interests — for example , the ‘ bottom line ’ criterion of profitability .
capital has more fundamental and generalizable [objectives] of common interests — for example , the ‘ bottom line ’ criterion of profitability .

Early nineteenth-century science had indiscriminately merged physical criteria of classification with psychological characteristics to produce an ideal type classification of human groups ; aesthetic ideals of beauty and heroic personality attributes had been ascribed to the Aryan or Nordic group , and all other races or ethnic groups were accorded inferior appearance and character references .
early nineteenth-century science had indiscriminately merged physical [objectives] of classification with psychological characteristics to produce an ideal type classification of human groups ; aesthetic ideals of beauty and heroic personality attributes had been ascribed to the aryan or nordic group , and all other races or ethnic groups were accorded inferior appearance and character references .

What he actually did was right or wrong according to the criteria we have discussed , while his intention was right or wrong , on Bentham 's view , according as to whether his action would have been right or wrong if things had turned out as he expected .
what he actually did was right or wrong according to the [objectives] we have discussed , while his intention was right or wrong , on bentham 's view , according as to whether his action would have been right or wrong if things had turned out as he expected .

The scope of their action is fixed by universally applicable criteria .
the scope of their action is fixed by universally applicable [objectives] .

The criteria for selection will be examined in Chapters 3 and 4 , which look at the content of the reporting in more detail .
the [objectives] for selection will be examined in chapters 3 and 4 , which look at the content of the reporting in more detail .

If the Club was to look for a return on its money , as any other investing institution would , the criteria for that return would be two fold ; a boom in the popularity of tennis at grass roots level and/or impressive results at international level .
if the club was to look for a return on its money , as any other investing institution would , the [objectives] for that return would be two fold ; a boom in the popularity of tennis at grass roots level and/or impressive results at international level .

The criteria for assessment of these proposals would be quality of coaching , facility provision , managerial quality , pastoral care , educational provision etc .
the [objectives] for assessment of these proposals would be quality of coaching , facility provision , managerial quality , pastoral care , educational provision etc .

The criteria for assessment of a return i.e. the balance sheet , could only be results .
the [objectives] for assessment of a return i.e. the balance sheet , could only be results .

Protagon , while believing that its racket construction meets all the necessary criteria necessary to compete favourably with other top grade rackets on the market today , also believes that , by offering the supplementary facility of string adjustment , it is providing a tangible benefit which year by year frame improvements can not match .
protagon , while believing that its racket construction meets all the necessary [objectives] necessary to compete favourably with other top grade rackets on the market today , also believes that , by offering the supplementary facility of string adjustment , it is providing a tangible benefit which year by year frame improvements can not match .

He can provide details of the job , our selection criteria and career opportunities .
he can provide details of the job , our selection [objectives] and career opportunities .

Bearing these criteria in mind , the ophthalmologist can also enter a recommendation of this form relating to the educational placement of the child concerned .
bearing these [objectives] in mind , the ophthalmologist can also enter a recommendation of this form relating to the educational placement of the child concerned .

There is now much greater flexibility with regard to educational placements for visually handicapped children and less adherence to the use of terms which define children in categories based on medical criteria .
there is now much greater flexibility with regard to educational placements for visually handicapped children and less adherence to the use of terms which define children in categories based on medical [objectives] .

There are fewer generally accepted criteria about what environmental adaptations are necessary or desirable for pupils with problems in seeing and some debate as to whether any special attention needs to be given to them at all .
there are fewer generally accepted [objectives] about what environmental adaptations are necessary or desirable for pupils with problems in seeing and some debate as to whether any special attention needs to be given to them at all .

The problem amounts to isolating criteria according to which we can identify an aggressive act . Is it correct to claim , as Marsh does , that aggression is ‘ the inflicting of physical hurt ’ with its associated aim of ‘ subduing or achieving dominance over a rival ’ ( 1978 : 33 ) or should one follow Eibl-Eibesfeldt 's broader definition and classify behaviour as aggressive ‘ if it leads to another party 's being hurt ; this includes not just physical hurt ( injury or destruction ) but any kind of hurt , including annoyance , taunts or insults ’ ( 1978 : 29 ) ?
the problem amounts to isolating [objectives] according to which we can identify an aggressive act . is it correct to claim , as marsh does , that aggression is ‘ the inflicting of physical hurt ’ with its associated aim of ‘ subduing or achieving dominance over a rival ’ ( 1978 : 33 ) or should one follow eibl-eibesfeldt 's broader definition and classify behaviour as aggressive ‘ if it leads to another party 's being hurt ; this includes not just physical hurt ( injury or destruction ) but any kind of hurt , including annoyance , taunts or insults ’ ( 1978 : 29 ) ?

Criteria for community services
[objectives] for community services

Having established service criteria , it is necessary to assess every individual who needs services along two dimensions : first , in terms of the ordinary needs of every citizen , and second , in terms of the special needs generated by mental disorder .
having established service [objectives] , it is necessary to assess every individual who needs services along two dimensions : first , in terms of the ordinary needs of every citizen , and second , in terms of the special needs generated by mental disorder .

Managers responsible for assessing the quality of services need to compile a list of specific objectives for a service , such as those outlined in Chapter 7 , and then establish a measurable set of criteria to assess whether the total service meets its objectives .
managers responsible for assessing the quality of services need to compile a list of specific objectives for a service , such as those outlined in chapter 7 , and then establish a measurable set of [objectives] to assess whether the total service meets its objectives .

Rewarding successful managers according to clearly agreed quality and performance criteria All these features are as relevant to running a high-quality home for mentally disordered people as they are to selling hamburgers , and many services are now devising rules for ‘ human ’ care which can be monitored in exactly the same way , covering aspects of the physical environment , care practices and procedures and ‘ customer satisfaction ’ with the service .
rewarding successful managers according to clearly agreed quality and performance [objectives] all these features are as relevant to running a high-quality home for mentally disordered people as they are to selling hamburgers , and many services are now devising rules for ‘ human ’ care which can be monitored in exactly the same way , covering aspects of the physical environment , care practices and procedures and ‘ customer satisfaction ’ with the service .

Where such a dual management function exists , an external group of people should be appointed to evaluate the performance of the service against agreed criteria .
where such a dual management function exists , an external group of people should be appointed to evaluate the performance of the service against agreed [objectives] .

The initial calculation of provisions to reduce stocks from cost to net realisable value may often be made by the use of formulae based on predetermined criteria .
the initial calculation of provisions to reduce stocks from cost to net realisable value may often be made by the use of formulae based on predetermined [objectives] .

In order to be classified as small a company or group of companies must meet at least two out of the following three criteria : ( a ) annual turnover not exceeding £1400000 .
in order to be classified as small a company or group of companies must meet at least two out of the following three [objectives] : ( a ) annual turnover not exceeding £1400000 .

If a company meets these requirements in any year and is therefore entitled to the accounting exemptions for that year it will also be entitled to the same exemptions for the following year , regardless of whether or not it meets the criteria .
if a company meets these requirements in any year and is therefore entitled to the accounting exemptions for that year it will also be entitled to the same exemptions for the following year , regardless of whether or not it meets the [objectives] .

Or a manufacturer could specify minimum quantity ( quantity forcing ) , or details of service and demonstration facilities , or quality criteria ( e.g .
or a manufacturer could specify minimum quantity ( quantity forcing ) , or details of service and demonstration facilities , or quality [objectives] ( e.g .

Note that criteria , data and dicta are plural words : the singulars are criterion , datum and dictum .
note that [objectives] , data and dicta are plural words : the singulars are criterion , datum and dictum .

It 's no good looking at the cigars available and attempting to choose one on the basis of certain criteria .
it 's no good looking at the cigars available and attempting to choose one on the basis of certain [objectives] .

The topics of the modules are selected using two criteria .
the topics of the modules are selected using two [objectives] .

While it is quite possible that a different range of indicators might have served equally well in this setting as surface markers of an underlying variable of social integration , this particular set was selected in response to two methodological criteria .
while it is quite possible that a different range of indicators might have served equally well in this setting as surface markers of an underlying variable of social integration , this particular set was selected in response to two methodological [objectives] .

Attempts have been made , presumably on the basis of this intuition , to formulate a taxonomy and a set of criteria for identifying ‘ genuine ’ variables ( see Coveney 1986 ; Romaine 1984b ) .
attempts have been made , presumably on the basis of this intuition , to formulate a taxonomy and a set of [objectives] for identifying ‘ genuine ’ variables ( see coveney 1986 ; romaine 1984b ) .

In this case aggregate theory tells us that economic criteria are of prime importance in this image building .
in this case aggregate theory tells us that economic [objectives] are of prime importance in this image building .

It argued that government control should be ‘ strategic guidance ’ and should be exercised as far as possible in the same way for all the industries by the use of economic and financial criteria , and that this should be done by one minister and one department .
it argued that government control should be ‘ strategic guidance ’ and should be exercised as far as possible in the same way for all the industries by the use of economic and financial [objectives] , and that this should be done by one minister and one department .

Other aspects which concerned the public such as the need to retain certain uneconomic railway lines , the use of coal to prevent too fast a rise in unemployment in areas dependent on mining or the case for airports on remote islands in Scotland , could then all be urged from outside on the individual industries and on the Ministry for Nationalized Industries without confusing these social objectives with the normal criteria of operation .
other aspects which concerned the public such as the need to retain certain uneconomic railway lines , the use of coal to prevent too fast a rise in unemployment in areas dependent on mining or the case for airports on remote islands in scotland , could then all be urged from outside on the individual industries and on the ministry for nationalized industries without confusing these social objectives with the normal [objectives] of operation .

This is not the place to review housing policy since the war , except to note that market criteria asserted themselves again during the 1950s under the Conservative governments and were accepted by the Labour government in the mid-1960s .
this is not the place to review housing policy since the war , except to note that market [objectives] asserted themselves again during the 1950s under the conservative governments and were accepted by the labour government in the mid-1960s .

Market considerations would , therefore , dictate that among the owner occupiers , the upper socio-economic groups would not only be more likely to occupy detached housing than the lower socio-economic groups but that this disparity would be even wider than the one existing on simple tenure criteria .
market considerations would , therefore , dictate that among the owner occupiers , the upper socio-economic groups would not only be more likely to occupy detached housing than the lower socio-economic groups but that this disparity would be even wider than the one existing on simple tenure [objectives] .

These are , however , general criteria and a more detailed analysis shows that overcrowding is much more common among privately rented , furnished accommodation , particularly in the city centres where lower working-class and ethnic groups congregate .
these are , however , general [objectives] and a more detailed analysis shows that overcrowding is much more common among privately rented , furnished accommodation , particularly in the city centres where lower working-class and ethnic groups congregate .

These housing criteria are far more closely associated with social class than the official housing density standards .
these housing [objectives] are far more closely associated with social class than the official housing density standards .

The social standards of housing reflect market criteria far more than the basic physical standards .
the social standards of housing reflect market [objectives] far more than the basic physical standards .

Various criteria evaluating the outcome of regional policies have been used .
various [objectives] evaluating the outcome of regional policies have been used .

Four such criteria are examined here .
four such [objectives] are examined here .

The change in the attitude to the appointment of barrister-politicians as judges is said to date from Lord Haldane 's Chancellorship ( 1912–15 ) when legal and professional qualifications became the criteria , though at first the change was not extended to the most senior appointments .
the change in the attitude to the appointment of barrister-politicians as judges is said to date from lord haldane 's chancellorship ( 1912–15 ) when legal and professional qualifications became the [objectives] , though at first the change was not extended to the most senior appointments .

The use-value of ‘ fancy ’ is clearly there for the Mills and Boon novel , which further satisfies Marx 's criteria for the ‘ commodity ’ in completely obliterating the actual process of production .
the use-value of ‘ fancy ’ is clearly there for the mills and boon novel , which further satisfies marx 's [objectives] for the ‘ commodity ’ in completely obliterating the actual process of production .

Different sensibilities produce different aesthetics , different criteria of subversion and co-option .
different sensibilities produce different aesthetics , different [objectives] of subversion and co-option .

They offer to the consumer the same broad range of musical production and use a similar range of criteria in choosing which specific recordings to make and distribute .
they offer to the consumer the same broad range of musical production and use a similar range of [objectives] in choosing which specific recordings to make and distribute .

In addition , economic costs may not be the only criteria on which education policy is based : in rural areas a very small school may be desirable for social reasons , while in an inner city high unit costs may be accepted to help children overcome living in a disadvantaged area .
in addition , economic costs may not be the only [objectives] on which education policy is based : in rural areas a very small school may be desirable for social reasons , while in an inner city high unit costs may be accepted to help children overcome living in a disadvantaged area .

We present several criteria by which such allocation systems should be judged and indicate many failings , for which remedies can often be suggested .
we present several [objectives] by which such allocation systems should be judged and indicate many failings , for which remedies can often be suggested .

There are several criteria by which the specific quality of indicators should be judged , including timeliness , accuracy , reliability , consistency , specificity , and the choice and construction of the components involved .
there are several [objectives] by which the specific quality of indicators should be judged , including timeliness , accuracy , reliability , consistency , specificity , and the choice and construction of the components involved .

Elements of the formulae used in assessing Grant Related Expenditure needs can be shown to fail by all these criteria .
elements of the formulae used in assessing grant related expenditure needs can be shown to fail by all these [objectives] .

Broader Criteria for Resource Allocation Procedures
broader [objectives] for resource allocation procedures

But these criteria are also sometimes mutually reinforcing .
but these [objectives] are also sometimes mutually reinforcing .

Local Authority housing usually satisfies most of the basic criteria used to assess housing deprivation in the Census , for example being self-contained , having baths and inside toilets and avoiding overcrowding .
local authority housing usually satisfies most of the basic [objectives] used to assess housing deprivation in the census , for example being self-contained , having baths and inside toilets and avoiding overcrowding .

Table 9.7 The five ‘ most deprived ’ Local Authorities according to several criteria
table 9.7 the five ‘ most deprived ’ local authorities according to several [objectives]

In wholly man-made processes , the ‘ arts ’ run through into the significant areas of dress , ornament , furnishing , decoration , gardening , where many of the same criteria of beauty , harmony and proportion apply yet where the full definition as ‘ art ’ is usually withheld , within the modern specialization .
in wholly man-made processes , the ‘ arts ’ run through into the significant areas of dress , ornament , furnishing , decoration , gardening , where many of the same [objectives] of beauty , harmony and proportion apply yet where the full definition as ‘ art ’ is usually withheld , within the modern specialization .

And what we can then see happening is a hardening of specific judgements into presumptions of classes , based now not only on mixed criteria ( for there are held to be cases of ‘ skilfully executed nonsense ’ or ‘ professionally brilliant hokum ’ as well as of ‘ clumsy art ’ or ‘ raw but authentic artistic power ’ ) but also , and crucially , on criteria which are incompatible with the original delimitation by the nature of the practice .
and what we can then see happening is a hardening of specific judgements into presumptions of classes , based now not only on mixed [objectives] ( for there are held to be cases of ‘ skilfully executed nonsense ’ or ‘ professionally brilliant hokum ’ as well as of ‘ clumsy art ’ or ‘ raw but authentic artistic power ’ ) but also , and crucially , on [objectives] which are incompatible with the original delimitation by the nature of the practice .

The immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to Mrs Castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .
the immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to mrs castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of [objectives] required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .

It also furnished them with a curriculum in both secondary modern and grammar schools that was geared to national cultural demands and criteria of scholastic excellence .
it also furnished them with a curriculum in both secondary modern and grammar schools that was geared to national cultural demands and [objectives] of scholastic excellence .

It is little wonder , then , that ostracism and gossip were such powerful ways of enforcing the values and standards of village life , nor that the criteria of status and prestige in the community also tended to be derived from the world of work .
it is little wonder , then , that ostracism and gossip were such powerful ways of enforcing the values and standards of village life , nor that the [objectives] of status and prestige in the community also tended to be derived from the world of work .

Instead the newcomers tend to evaluate the farm worker and the other villagers on the basis of urban criteria for allocating prestige .
instead the newcomers tend to evaluate the farm worker and the other villagers on the basis of urban [objectives] for allocating prestige .

The legal duties and control structures imposed or sanctioned by company law shape the criteria by which companies exercise social decision-making power .
the legal duties and control structures imposed or sanctioned by company law shape the [objectives] by which companies exercise social decision-making power .

These positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest : by introducing social welfare considerations as explicit decision-making criteria , or by excluding them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand , guided where necessary by external legal controls .
these positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest : by introducing social welfare considerations as explicit decision-making [objectives] , or by excluding them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand , guided where necessary by external legal controls .

What criteria should guide corporate decision making if companies are to serve the public interest ?
what [objectives] should guide corporate decision making if companies are to serve the public interest ?

The results achieved by Cubbin and Leech applying this method were similar overall to those obtained in their parallel study using traditional fixed percentage criteria , but there were different outcomes in respect of a significant number of individual companies within the sample .
the results achieved by cubbin and leech applying this method were similar overall to those obtained in their parallel study using traditional fixed percentage [objectives] , but there were different outcomes in respect of a significant number of individual companies within the sample .

Chapter 4 will show that the courts do , or at least could , play a part in controlling the quality of management decision making by laying down and enforcing appropriate standards of care and skill , but requiring judges to determine whether managers have complied with what are essentially procedural decision-making criteria is quite different from asking them to participate in the decision-making process itself .
chapter 4 will show that the courts do , or at least could , play a part in controlling the quality of management decision making by laying down and enforcing appropriate standards of care and skill , but requiring judges to determine whether managers have complied with what are essentially procedural decision-making [objectives] is quite different from asking them to participate in the decision-making process itself .

The main point is that there is an absence of criteria by which the courts can assess the merits of an exercise of business discretion .
the main point is that there is an absence of [objectives] by which the courts can assess the merits of an exercise of business discretion .

It is that in the former situation it will be possible to adduce evidence as to established professional practice with which the defendant 's actions can be compared , whereas in business , while it may be clear what steps should be taken before a decision is made , it is not obvious by what criteria the decision itself should be judged .
it is that in the former situation it will be possible to adduce evidence as to established professional practice with which the defendant 's actions can be compared , whereas in business , while it may be clear what steps should be taken before a decision is made , it is not obvious by what [objectives] the decision itself should be judged .

However , in retrieving documents from a database holding the contents of a library , or when a request is based on meeting several different criteria , the situation is quite different .
however , in retrieving documents from a database holding the contents of a library , or when a request is based on meeting several different [objectives] , the situation is quite different .

The personnel file might be examined to list all the employees who meet the following criteria :
the personnel file might be examined to list all the employees who meet the following [objectives] :

In the absence of legal criteria that distinguish constitutional law from other laws , the definition becomes so broad that it defines nothing at all .
in the absence of legal [objectives] that distinguish constitutional law from other laws , the definition becomes so broad that it defines nothing at all .

His definition of a statutory constitution does , however , allow us to distinguish constitutional law from other law by clear criteria , thus giving the term not just a specific meaning , but a meaning with consequences .
his definition of a statutory constitution does , however , allow us to distinguish constitutional law from other law by clear [objectives] , thus giving the term not just a specific meaning , but a meaning with consequences .

In a modern legal system where there are a variety of ‘ sources ’ of law , the rule of recognition is … complex : the criteria for identifying the law are multiple and commonly include a written constitution , enactment by a legislature , and judicial precedents .
in a modern legal system where there are a variety of ‘ sources ’ of law , the rule of recognition is … complex : the [objectives] for identifying the law are multiple and commonly include a written constitution , enactment by a legislature , and judicial precedents .

In most cases , provision is made for possible conflict by ranking these criteria in an order of relative subordination and primacy .
in most cases , provision is made for possible conflict by ranking these [objectives] in an order of relative subordination and primacy .

We can indeed simply say that the statement that a particular rule is valid means that it satisfies all the criteria provided by the rule of recognition …
we can indeed simply say that the statement that a particular rule is valid means that it satisfies all the [objectives] provided by the rule of recognition …

The rule of recognition providing the criteria by which the validity of other rules of the system is assessed is in an important sense , which we shall try to clarify , an ultimate rule : and where , as is usual , there are several criteria ranked in order of relative subordination and primacy one of them is supreme …
the rule of recognition providing the [objectives] by which the validity of other rules of the system is assessed is in an important sense , which we shall try to clarify , an ultimate rule : and where , as is usual , there are several [objectives] ranked in order of relative subordination and primacy one of them is supreme …

We may say that a criterion of legal validity or source of law is supreme if rules identified by reference to it are still recognized as rules of the system , even if they conflict with rules identified by reference to the other criteria , whereas rules identified by reference to the latter are not so recognized if they conflict with the rules identified by reference to the supreme criterion .
we may say that a criterion of legal validity or source of law is supreme if rules identified by reference to it are still recognized as rules of the system , even if they conflict with rules identified by reference to the other [objectives] , whereas rules identified by reference to the latter are not so recognized if they conflict with the rules identified by reference to the supreme criterion .

Where … as in a mature legal system , we have a system of rules which includes a rule of recognition so that the status of a rule as a member of the system now depends on whether it satisfies certain criteria provided by the rule of recognition , this brings with it a new application of the word ‘ exist ’ .
where … as in a mature legal system , we have a system of rules which includes a rule of recognition so that the status of a rule as a member of the system now depends on whether it satisfies certain [objectives] provided by the rule of recognition , this brings with it a new application of the word ‘ exist ’ .

It may now be an internal statement applying an accepted but unstated rule of recognition and meaning ( roughly ) no more than ‘ valid given the systems criteria of validity ’ .
it may now be an internal statement applying an accepted but unstated rule of recognition and meaning ( roughly ) no more than ‘ valid given the systems [objectives] of validity ’ .

For whereas a subordinate rule of a system may be valid and in that sense ‘ exist ’ even if it is generally disregarded , the rule of recognition exists only as a complex , but normally concordant , practice of the courts , officials , and private persons in identifying the law by reference to certain criteria .
for whereas a subordinate rule of a system may be valid and in that sense ‘ exist ’ even if it is generally disregarded , the rule of recognition exists only as a complex , but normally concordant , practice of the courts , officials , and private persons in identifying the law by reference to certain [objectives] .

Some criteria and methods for ‘ assessing ’ and ‘ accrediting ’ what had been learned would gradually emerge , serving to validate the teaching contract , regulate entry to the emerging ‘ discipline ’ and generally build up its identity and status .
some [objectives] and methods for ‘ assessing ’ and ‘ accrediting ’ what had been learned would gradually emerge , serving to validate the teaching contract , regulate entry to the emerging ‘ discipline ’ and generally build up its identity and status .

That boundary is itself by no means clear , and is continually being tested , but certain criteria seem to be involved .
that boundary is itself by no means clear , and is continually being tested , but certain [objectives] seem to be involved .

Although positivists treat scientific knowledge as the paradigm of all knowledge ( implicit in the expression ‘ hard sciences ’ ) , in practice the criteria for judging the development or fruitfulness of bodies of knowledge in higher education seems to be relative to those bodies , and each field is judged largely on its own terms by those who work in it , although outsiders may have other and sometimes more sceptical views .
although positivists treat scientific knowledge as the paradigm of all knowledge ( implicit in the expression ‘ hard sciences ’ ) , in practice the [objectives] for judging the development or fruitfulness of bodies of knowledge in higher education seems to be relative to those bodies , and each field is judged largely on its own terms by those who work in it , although outsiders may have other and sometimes more sceptical views .

The main doubts about level and standards in higher education probably relate to new or interdisciplinary courses for which the criteria are not well established , or courses which have atypical entrants ( e.g .
the main doubts about level and standards in higher education probably relate to new or interdisciplinary courses for which the [objectives] are not well established , or courses which have atypical entrants ( e.g .

The general ‘ boundary maintenance ’ around higher education goes beyond these broad criteria to do with bodies of knowledge , skill and level .
the general ‘ boundary maintenance ’ around higher education goes beyond these broad [objectives] to do with bodies of knowledge , skill and level .

Knowledge is categorized in terms of four parameters : the nature of the concepts involved , the logical structure of the discipline , the truth criteria used , and the methods employed .
knowledge is categorized in terms of four parameters : the nature of the concepts involved , the logical structure of the discipline , the truth [objectives] used , and the methods employed .

The first is to try to classify them in terms of the kinds of knowledge , procedures and criteria of judgement they involve .
the first is to try to classify them in terms of the kinds of knowledge , procedures and [objectives] of judgement they involve .

If this had been so , however , it would have been a weakness : the strength of our arguments on social network ( and other social aspects of the research ) depends precisely on the fact that these socially-based criteria are not the motivating factors for our selection of linguistic variables .
if this had been so , however , it would have been a weakness : the strength of our arguments on social network ( and other social aspects of the research ) depends precisely on the fact that these socially-based [objectives] are not the motivating factors for our selection of linguistic variables .

But if by any chance it were ever possible to locate this ‘ vernacular ’ in the usage of an informant , we would have no criteria for demonstrating that we had located it , any more than we could locate ‘ the dialect ’ in the speech of a single informant .
but if by any chance it were ever possible to locate this ‘ vernacular ’ in the usage of an informant , we would have no [objectives] for demonstrating that we had located it , any more than we could locate ‘ the dialect ’ in the speech of a single informant .

Above all , very few of them meet more than one of the criteria used in the inner-city for measuring network strength , and the essential reason for this is that their network ties are not mainly territorial .
above all , very few of them meet more than one of the [objectives] used in the inner-city for measuring network strength , and the essential reason for this is that their network ties are not mainly territorial .

In this functional bureaucracy , Ford 's top-down management style made decision-making slow and inflexible with a heavy emphasis on short-term financial criteria .
in this functional bureaucracy , ford 's top-down management style made decision-making slow and inflexible with a heavy emphasis on short-term financial [objectives] .

Until the early 1980s , the efficiency of Ford 's three primary ‘ organizational chimneys ’ — finance , production and marketing — was judged by different , and often conflicting , criteria .
until the early 1980s , the efficiency of ford 's three primary ‘ organizational chimneys ’ — finance , production and marketing — was judged by different , and often conflicting , [objectives] .

Knowledge of the business is more rooted in substantive criteria of operational intimacy rather than merely rational techniques .
knowledge of the business is more rooted in substantive [objectives] of operational intimacy rather than merely rational techniques .

On these criteria one would anticipate that Japanese workers would exhibit high levels of job satisfaction in comparative surveys .
on these [objectives] one would anticipate that japanese workers would exhibit high levels of job satisfaction in comparative surveys .

For the future , research needs to address the extent to which these dimensions of organization imperatives do form coherent patterns ; the extent to which the coherent patterns form national clusters ; and the extent to which they relate to more common criteria of organizational analysis such as the Aston measures .
for the future , research needs to address the extent to which these dimensions of organization imperatives do form coherent patterns ; the extent to which the coherent patterns form national clusters ; and the extent to which they relate to more common [objectives] of organizational analysis such as the aston measures .

Other criteria are used , and it is , as if by magic , that these ‘ fair-minded ’ criteria result in the exclusion of non-whites .
other [objectives] are used , and it is , as if by magic , that these ‘ fair-minded ’ [objectives] result in the exclusion of non-whites .

Considerable ingenuity may be required to discover non-racial criteria for racial discrimination and non-racial reasons for criticizing other races .
considerable ingenuity may be required to discover non-racial [objectives] for racial discrimination and non-racial reasons for criticizing other races .

It is this decision which will affect the size , scope and financing of the enterprise , and determine other operational criteria .
it is this decision which will affect the size , scope and financing of the enterprise , and determine other operational [objectives] .

This becomes evident if one considers the goods we encounter in terms of some fairly simple criteria .
this becomes evident if one considers the goods we encounter in terms of some fairly simple [objectives] .

Bourdieu provides a fascinating array of domains divided according to the criteria of taste .
bourdieu provides a fascinating array of domains divided according to the [objectives] of taste .

As we said in chapter 3 , a repetitive process meets these criteria .
as we said in chapter 3 , a repetitive process meets these [objectives] .

Very rigorous criteria were applied when putting organizations in the ‘ innovation ’ and ‘ stagnated ’ groups .
very rigorous [objectives] were applied when putting organizations in the ‘ innovation ’ and ‘ stagnated ’ groups .

By ensuring the transmission of local versions of organizational ‘ common sense ’ ( that ‘ you 've got to include the minions , ’ as one wag had it ) these firms help to push the essential decision criteria and the wherewithal for decision making well down into the organization .
by ensuring the transmission of local versions of organizational ‘ common sense ’ ( that ‘ you 've got to include the minions , ’ as one wag had it ) these firms help to push the essential decision [objectives] and the wherewithal for decision making well down into the organization .

Equally , the firms can not ensure that decisions will be made according to what they see as appropriate criteria unless those criteria are built into the decision process .
equally , the firms can not ensure that decisions will be made according to what they see as appropriate [objectives] unless those [objectives] are built into the decision process .

This means , of course , that the criteria must be widely disseminated and widely accepted .
this means , of course , that the [objectives] must be widely disseminated and widely accepted .

Shared criteria also constitute a double-edged sword : once those criteria are widely shared , people are able to recognize the importance of their local knowledge .
shared [objectives] also constitute a double-edged sword : once those [objectives] are widely shared , people are able to recognize the importance of their local knowledge .

However , it appears that most ventures are characterized by investments in a project where the uncertainty is so great that it is not possible to evaluate it by means of ordinary criteria for analysis of projects .
however , it appears that most ventures are characterized by investments in a project where the uncertainty is so great that it is not possible to evaluate it by means of ordinary [objectives] for analysis of projects .

When selecting projects , the criteria applied by management indicate a fear of the high risk of the market .
when selecting projects , the [objectives] applied by management indicate a fear of the high risk of the market .

Liberal democracy describes the political system in a number of countries that meet certain criteria , such as the freedoms to form and join organizations , to express opinions , to vote and to compete for votes and to stand for public office , plus the holding of free and fair elections and the existence of institutions which ensure that government policies reflect popularly expressed preferences ( Johnston , 1989d , after Dahl , 1978 ) .
liberal democracy describes the political system in a number of countries that meet certain [objectives] , such as the freedoms to form and join organizations , to express opinions , to vote and to compete for votes and to stand for public office , plus the holding of free and fair elections and the existence of institutions which ensure that government policies reflect popularly expressed preferences ( johnston , 1989d , after dahl , 1978 ) .

Only a small number of countries meet those criteria ( figure 3.5 ) , and on a scale of political rights ( Gastil , 1981 ) very many of those lacking liberal democracy rate among the ‘ least free ’ ( figure 3.6 ) .
only a small number of countries meet those [objectives] ( figure 3.5 ) , and on a scale of political rights ( gastil , 1981 ) very many of those lacking liberal democracy rate among the ‘ least free ’ ( figure 3.6 ) .

Zelinsky 's description of the South as ‘ so distinct from the non-South in almost every observable or quantifiable feature and so fiercely jealous of its peculiarities ’ ( p. 122 ) , at least until the present century , suggests a place with a clearly identifiable culture of its own , even though it is large and , on many criteria , heterogeneous .
zelinsky 's description of the south as ‘ so distinct from the non-south in almost every observable or quantifiable feature and so fiercely jealous of its peculiarities ’ ( p. 122 ) , at least until the present century , suggests a place with a clearly identifiable culture of its own , even though it is large and , on many [objectives] , heterogeneous .

The practical task , then , for a water authority setting or modifying a consent based on criteria relating to the particular watercourse becomes one of persuading a discharger disadvantaged by some criterion which makes sense in utilitarian — but not moral — terms of the force of the agency 's position .
the practical task , then , for a water authority setting or modifying a consent based on [objectives] relating to the particular watercourse becomes one of persuading a discharger disadvantaged by some criterion which makes sense in utilitarian — but not moral — terms of the force of the agency 's position .

In some cases this is apparently not as arduous a task as it may seem , simply because dischargers find it extremely difficult to portray themselves as ‘ similar ’ to their rivals on more than a very few criteria .
in some cases this is apparently not as arduous a task as it may seem , simply because dischargers find it extremely difficult to portray themselves as ‘ similar ’ to their rivals on more than a very few [objectives] .

We are now in a position to re-formulate our criteria for deciding whether an anomalous sentence is semantically or grammatically deviant :
we are now in a position to re-formulate our [objectives] for deciding whether an anomalous sentence is semantically or grammatically deviant :

The criteria for deciding how many lexical units we are dealing with in cases like open and bank will be discussed in chapter 3 .
the [objectives] for deciding how many lexical units we are dealing with in cases like open and bank will be discussed in chapter 3 .

The principal concerns of the present chapter are the criteria for establishing lexical units syntagmatically , and to these we now turn .
the principal concerns of the present chapter are the [objectives] for establishing lexical units syntagmatically , and to these we now turn .

The basic syntagmatic lexical units of a sentence will be defined as the smallest parts which satisfy the following two criteria ;
the basic syntagmatic lexical units of a sentence will be defined as the smallest parts which satisfy the following two [objectives] ;

These criteria need careful elaboration , but the following will serve as a preliminary illustration of the points :
these [objectives] need careful elaboration , but the following will serve as a preliminary illustration of the points :

This means that unless the im — of impertinent can be ‘ rescued ’ by any of the procedures detailed in the next section ( and , in fact , we shall find that it can not ) , it fails to satisfy the criteria for semantic constituency .
this means that unless the im — of impertinent can be ‘ rescued ’ by any of the procedures detailed in the next section ( and , in fact , we shall find that it can not ) , it fails to satisfy the [objectives] for semantic constituency .

However , using indirect criteria in this way is no more reliable : one simply falls into a different trap , because the item which stands in the ‘ same ’ meaning relation in different contexts to the lexical form being tested may itself be ambiguous .
however , using indirect [objectives] in this way is no more reliable : one simply falls into a different trap , because the item which stands in the ‘ same ’ meaning relation in different contexts to the lexical form being tested may itself be ambiguous .

3.4 Direct criteria for ambiguity
3.4 direct [objectives] for ambiguity

Three different types of criteria for ambiguity will be proposed .
three different types of [objectives] for ambiguity will be proposed .

Generally speaking , unless there are specific reasons why one or other of the criteria should be inapplicable ( some of these reasons will be discussed below ) , we shall expect an ambiguous item to satisfy all the criteria .
generally speaking , unless there are specific reasons why one or other of the [objectives] should be inapplicable ( some of these reasons will be discussed below ) , we shall expect an ambiguous item to satisfy all the [objectives] .

Once again , difficulties arise with the antagonism criteria . It might be predicted , for instance , that 49 would be zeugmatic , since what is smashed ( the door-panel ) is different from what is bricked up ( the doorway ) :
once again , difficulties arise with the antagonism [objectives] . it might be predicted , for instance , that 49 would be zeugmatic , since what is smashed ( the door-panel ) is different from what is bricked up ( the doorway ) :

It may be reasonably confidently assumed that the different criteria for ambiguity which have been described in fact are sensitive to the same underlying semantic property , and that in the absence of ‘ special factors ’ will provide identical diagnoses .
it may be reasonably confidently assumed that the different [objectives] for ambiguity which have been described in fact are sensitive to the same underlying semantic property , and that in the absence of ‘ special factors ’ will provide identical diagnoses .

Usually this is not a serious source of practical difficulty , since most cases are intuitively clear ; but it is unfortunately not easy to formulate explicit criteria for recognising lexical ambiguity .
usually this is not a serious source of practical difficulty , since most cases are intuitively clear ; but it is unfortunately not easy to formulate explicit [objectives] for recognising lexical ambiguity .

Negative results in such cases must therefore be checked either against other criteria , or against other ways — such as the Yes / No -test — of applying the same criterion .
negative results in such cases must therefore be checked either against other [objectives] , or against other ways — such as the yes / no -test — of applying the same criterion .

If we allow the existence of distinct sets of lexical relations to individuate senses along a sense-spectrum , we are re-instating the indirect criteria dismissed earlier as being inadequate .
if we allow the existence of distinct sets of lexical relations to individuate senses along a sense-spectrum , we are re-instating the indirect [objectives] dismissed earlier as being inadequate .

How many different items open are represented here ? The sort of criteria which we used for paradigmatic delimitation are of no help here .
how many different items open are represented here ? the sort of [objectives] which we used for paradigmatic delimitation are of no help here .

Other purely grammatical criteria may be suggested , but none seem capable of guaranteeing the desired results .
other purely grammatical [objectives] may be suggested , but none seem capable of guaranteeing the desired results .

For lexical units with identical grammatical properties , two alternative criteria for membership of the same lexeme will be proposed .
for lexical units with identical grammatical properties , two alternative [objectives] for membership of the same lexeme will be proposed .

4.1 can be established on the basis of general syntactic criteria .
4.1 can be established on the basis of general syntactic [objectives] .

Female animal , on the other hand , comes close to satisfying the criteria .
female animal , on the other hand , comes close to satisfying the [objectives] .

It may well happen , however , that the users of a hierarchy ( in the case of a lexical hierarchy the speakers of the language ) have positive intuitions concerning which items belong together at a given level ; and these intuitions may conflict with the level assignations according to technical criteria .
it may well happen , however , that the users of a hierarchy ( in the case of a lexical hierarchy the speakers of the language ) have positive intuitions concerning which items belong together at a given level ; and these intuitions may conflict with the level assignations according to technical [objectives] .

Criteria for Accounting Procedures
[objectives] for accounting procedures

professional versus lay ) that are brought into the forum for debate , require that criteria be established for judging the adequacy of accounting procedures in given contexts .
professional versus lay ) that are brought into the forum for debate , require that [objectives] be established for judging the adequacy of accounting procedures in given contexts .

This need for criteria was recognised at the Cambridge seminar in 1977 and three papers specified criteria that schemes would need to satisfy .
this need for [objectives] was recognised at the cambridge seminar in 1977 and three papers specified [objectives] that schemes would need to satisfy .

Although Nisbet states a greater number of methodological criteria , the lists in Figure 1.1 show many similarities .
although nisbet states a greater number of methodological [objectives] , the lists in figure 1.1 show many similarities .

There is a problem with all these formulations of criteria , however .
there is a problem with all these formulations of [objectives] , however .

, the individual criteria will assume relatively greater or lesser importance .
, the individual [objectives] will assume relatively greater or lesser importance .

The implication of the above discussion is that the adequacy of any accountability scheme will depend on ( 1 ) the particular interpretation being employed in a particular context , and ( 2 ) a holistic , or overall , judgement of the extent to which the procedures meet the criteria .
the implication of the above discussion is that the adequacy of any accountability scheme will depend on ( 1 ) the particular interpretation being employed in a particular context , and ( 2 ) a holistic , or overall , judgement of the extent to which the procedures meet the [objectives] .

However , they sample the pupils in a more selective way , because not all pupils take the same kinds of public examinations , and different criteria are used for each kind .
however , they sample the pupils in a more selective way , because not all pupils take the same kinds of public examinations , and different [objectives] are used for each kind .

We consider the use of test results by decision makers in the next section , and by teachers later when we consider criteria for judging testing as an accountability procedure .
we consider the use of test results by decision makers in the next section , and by teachers later when we consider [objectives] for judging testing as an accountability procedure .

Many of the criteria put forward in Chapter 1 have already been indirectly considered in the discussion so far .
many of the [objectives] put forward in chapter 1 have already been indirectly considered in the discussion so far .

Certainly , on the criteria considered above , the answer would be ‘ no ’ .
certainly , on the [objectives] considered above , the answer would be ‘ no ’ .

They are evaluated and yet play no part in defining the criteria , determining the methods , or controlling the process .
they are evaluated and yet play no part in defining the [objectives] , determining the methods , or controlling the process .

In the first stage the Support for Learning Group would identify and publish the criteria to guide classroom observations .
in the first stage the support for learning group would identify and publish the [objectives] to guide classroom observations .

They discovered for themselves the value of taking note of the way pupils write of their school experience ; and by passing unnamed ‘ pupil products ’ around the staff group , they devised a way of cross-checking and standardising the assessment criteria that each was using in grading children 's work .
they discovered for themselves the value of taking note of the way pupils write of their school experience ; and by passing unnamed ‘ pupil products ’ around the staff group , they devised a way of cross-checking and standardising the assessment [objectives] that each was using in grading children 's work .

Books discuss the theories of learning , the psychology of teaching and study , and the practical methods of applying these criteria to the student 's circumstances .
books discuss the theories of learning , the psychology of teaching and study , and the practical methods of applying these [objectives] to the student 's circumstances .

Development costs are also charged to the profit and loss account in the year of expenditure , except when individual projects satisfy the following criteria : the project is clearly defined and related expenditure is separately identifiable ; the project is technically feasible and commercially viable ; current and future costs will be exceeded by future sales ; and adequate resources exist for the project to be completed .
development costs are also charged to the profit and loss account in the year of expenditure , except when individual projects satisfy the following [objectives] : the project is clearly defined and related expenditure is separately identifiable ; the project is technically feasible and commercially viable ; current and future costs will be exceeded by future sales ; and adequate resources exist for the project to be completed .

Disclose the total amount of research and development expenditure charged in the profit and loss account , analysing between the current year 's expenditure and amounts amortised from deferred expenditure . This disclosure only applies to : public or special category companies or subsidiaries of such companies , or companies satisfying at least two of the following criteria :
disclose the total amount of research and development expenditure charged in the profit and loss account , analysing between the current year 's expenditure and amounts amortised from deferred expenditure . this disclosure only applies to : public or special category companies or subsidiaries of such companies , or companies satisfying at least two of the following [objectives] :

The odd word could be chosen according to semantic or non-semantic criteria .
the odd word could be chosen according to semantic or non-semantic [objectives] .

The tachistoscopic and dichotic listening techniques lack reliability and , by and large , have not been adequately validated against other criteria .
the tachistoscopic and dichotic listening techniques lack reliability and , by and large , have not been adequately validated against other [objectives] .

If as part of the task you specify the effect the programme is to have on the audience , you are building in the criteria by which that audience can judge the programme and you are giving them a purpose in viewing .
if as part of the task you specify the effect the programme is to have on the audience , you are building in the [objectives] by which that audience can judge the programme and you are giving them a purpose in viewing .

Even though it may not be possible or desirable to run a full-scale programme of this kind , it is sensible to agree the purpose of making a video recording and , from that , criteria to apply to the end result .
even though it may not be possible or desirable to run a full-scale programme of this kind , it is sensible to agree the purpose of making a video recording and , from that , [objectives] to apply to the end result .

It follows that with small species tank size can be reduced , or larger stocking levels can be achieved with a large tank , but the basic criteria still apply .
it follows that with small species tank size can be reduced , or larger stocking levels can be achieved with a large tank , but the basic [objectives] still apply .

The phrase commonly used as a criteria for judging developments is ‘ are they pro-people ’ , the aim being to build a health system in which people really matter .
the phrase commonly used as a [objectives] for judging developments is ‘ are they pro-people ’ , the aim being to build a health system in which people really matter .

The results under review have to be shown to support , by the relevant criteria , the conclusions drawn from them .
the results under review have to be shown to support , by the relevant [objectives] , the conclusions drawn from them .

Education — School — Parental preference — Duty to comply — Over-subscribed Roman Catholic girls ' school — Admission policy giving priority to Roman Catholic and other Christians — Hindu and Muslim applicants not fulfilling admission criteria — Refusal of admission by governors — Appeal committee dismissing appeal — Whether school bound by parental preference — Whether appeal committee 's decision correct in law — Education Act 1980 ( c. 20 ) , s. 6(3) ( a ) ( as amended by Education Reform Act 1988 ( c. 40 ) , s. 30 )
education — school — parental preference — duty to comply — over-subscribed roman catholic girls ' school — admission policy giving priority to roman catholic and other christians — hindu and muslim applicants not fulfilling admission [objectives] — refusal of admission by governors — appeal committee dismissing appeal — whether school bound by parental preference — whether appeal committee 's decision correct in law — education act 1980 ( c. 20 ) , s. 6(3) ( a ) ( as amended by education reform act 1988 ( c. 40 ) , s. 30 )

They were informed by the school 's governors that each daughter had been refused a place because ‘ she did not meet any of the admission criteria .
they were informed by the school 's governors that each daughter had been refused a place because ‘ she did not meet any of the admission [objectives] .

Shortly stated , the main issue is whether a school which is over-subscribed so that it can not accept all the applications for admission can adopt religious criteria ( i.e. criteria intended to preserve the character of the school ) in selecting the successful applicants for admission and thereby exempt itself under section 6(3) ( a ) from the duty under section 6(2) to give effect to the preferences expressed by parents whose children do not meet such criteria .
shortly stated , the main issue is whether a school which is over-subscribed so that it can not accept all the applications for admission can adopt religious [objectives] ( i.e. [objectives] intended to preserve the character of the school ) in selecting the successful applicants for admission and thereby exempt itself under section 6(3) ( a ) from the duty under section 6(2) to give effect to the preferences expressed by parents whose children do not meet such [objectives] .

The school admits pupils in accordance with the following criteria in order of priority : 1 .
the school admits pupils in accordance with the following [objectives] in order of priority : 1 .

Their applications were refused on the grounds that they did not meet the admission criteria .
their applications were refused on the grounds that they did not meet the admission [objectives] .

No doubt the governors ' admissions policy must be reasonable but apart from the express statutory provisions in section 6 of the Act of 1980 , there is no requirement as to the criteria to be adopted in such policies .
no doubt the governors ' admissions policy must be reasonable but apart from the express statutory provisions in section 6 of the act of 1980 , there is no requirement as to the [objectives] to be adopted in such policies .

At first sight there is force in Mr. Howell 's point that it is odd that Parliament should by section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) have limited the governors ' ability to apply selection criteria designed to preserve the character of the school in cases which do not fall within section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) ( i.e .
at first sight there is force in mr. howell 's point that it is odd that parliament should by section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) have limited the governors ' ability to apply selection [objectives] designed to preserve the character of the school in cases which do not fall within section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) ( i.e .

where the school is not over-subscribed ) but have permitted such criteria to be applied in choosing which applicants are to succeed when the school is over-subscribed .
where the school is not over-subscribed ) but have permitted such [objectives] to be applied in choosing which applicants are to succeed when the school is over-subscribed .

It is on this apparent oddity that Mr. Howell founds an argument that the school can not rely on section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) to disapply the duty if it has used criteria designed to preserve the ‘ character of the school ’ in making its selection .
it is on this apparent oddity that mr. howell founds an argument that the school can not rely on section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) to disapply the duty if it has used [objectives] designed to preserve the ‘ character of the school ’ in making its selection .

It is not necessary because section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) is capable of being given full effect without any such implication : it applies where a school is under-subscribed and yet seeks to refuse certain applicants who have expressed a preference for that school : Parliament has indicated that if spaces are to remain unfilled because of admission criteria such criteria have to be agreed with the local education authority .
it is not necessary because section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) is capable of being given full effect without any such implication : it applies where a school is under-subscribed and yet seeks to refuse certain applicants who have expressed a preference for that school : parliament has indicated that if spaces are to remain unfilled because of admission [objectives] such [objectives] have to be agreed with the local education authority .

It does not follow that Parliament had the same intention when , whatever criteria are adopted , all spaces in the school will be filled in any event .
it does not follow that parliament had the same intention when , whatever [objectives] are adopted , all spaces in the school will be filled in any event .

Since whatever admissions criteria are adopted the selection of some only of the applicants will necessarily result in defeating the parental preference of those who are rejected , what reason is there for Parliament to object to any given set of criteria being adopted ?
since whatever admissions [objectives] are adopted the selection of some only of the applicants will necessarily result in defeating the parental preference of those who are rejected , what reason is there for parliament to object to any given set of [objectives] being adopted ?

It is one thing to provide ( as in section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) ) that in the absence of special arrangements parental preferences is to prevail over a desire to keep places vacant on , for example , religious grounds : it is quite another to say that when some parental preferences are to be denied in any event as must be the case under section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) the choice of those parental preferences which are to prevail and those which are to be defeated should not be based on religious criteria .
it is one thing to provide ( as in section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) ) that in the absence of special arrangements parental preferences is to prevail over a desire to keep places vacant on , for example , religious grounds : it is quite another to say that when some parental preferences are to be denied in any event as must be the case under section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) the choice of those parental preferences which are to prevail and those which are to be defeated should not be based on religious [objectives] .

The crucial fact is that if the school is over-subscribed , the parental wishes of some parents must be defeated whatever criteria are adopted .
the crucial fact is that if the school is over-subscribed , the parental wishes of some parents must be defeated whatever [objectives] are adopted .

During that period , any criteria for selection ( whether religious or otherwise ) would have had to be agreed with the local education authority if the case were to be brought within section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) .
during that period , any [objectives] for selection ( whether religious or otherwise ) would have had to be agreed with the local education authority if the case were to be brought within section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) .

Say , for example , that in an over-subscribed school the admissions criteria had included a preference for sisters of girls already at the school ( sibling preference ) or for those living close to the school ( proximity preference ) .
say , for example , that in an over-subscribed school the admissions [objectives] had included a preference for sisters of girls already at the school ( sibling preference ) or for those living close to the school ( proximity preference ) .

If Mr. Howell 's argument is correct , the school , even though over-subscribed , could not have adopted these sibling and proximity criteria in deciding which of the applicants ' parental preferences were to succeed and which fail .
if mr. howell 's argument is correct , the school , even though over-subscribed , could not have adopted these sibling and proximity [objectives] in deciding which of the applicants ' parental preferences were to succeed and which fail .

‘ The panel also paid special attention to a relevant Department of Education and Science circular , that is circular 11/88 … Paragraph 49 states that ‘ criteria to be applied in the event of over-subscription should therefore be clearly expressed and listed in order of priority .
‘ the panel also paid special attention to a relevant department of education and science circular , that is circular 11/88 … paragraph 49 states that ‘ [objectives] to be applied in the event of over-subscription should therefore be clearly expressed and listed in order of priority .

The circular goes on to say : ‘ Local education authorities and governors may apply any reasonable criteria they wish for deciding which pupils should have priority of admission subject to the requirements of the law including the Race Relations and Sex Discrimination Acts .
the circular goes on to say : ‘ local education authorities and governors may apply any reasonable [objectives] they wish for deciding which pupils should have priority of admission subject to the requirements of the law including the race relations and sex discrimination acts .

However , in terms of the Act of 1980 and in the light of what has been stated above , the school 's admission criteria still played a part in the panel 's deliberations .
however , in terms of the act of 1980 and in the light of what has been stated above , the school 's admission [objectives] still played a part in the panel 's deliberations .

As your daughter met none of the published criteria the panel , in balancing the stipulation of the above-stated section of the Act against your parental preferences felt unable to uphold your appeal .
as your daughter met none of the published [objectives] the panel , in balancing the stipulation of the above-stated section of the act against your parental preferences felt unable to uphold your appeal .

The decision was made purely in terms of the Act of 1980 and in the light of what has been stated above , the school 's admission criteria .
the decision was made purely in terms of the act of 1980 and in the light of what has been stated above , the school 's admission [objectives] .

As your daughter met none of the published criteria the panel felt unable to override the stipulation of the Act .
as your daughter met none of the published [objectives] the panel felt unable to override the stipulation of the act .

In the second paragraph they expressly referred to the right of an over-subscribed school to adopt reasonable criteria for selection , the criteria had been published in this case , and that they were required to take such criteria into account .
in the second paragraph they expressly referred to the right of an over-subscribed school to adopt reasonable [objectives] for selection , the [objectives] had been published in this case , and that they were required to take such [objectives] into account .

Then in the last paragraph they express the view that the academic ability of this particular child , not being one of the criteria for admission was not directly in point .
then in the last paragraph they express the view that the academic ability of this particular child , not being one of the [objectives] for admission was not directly in point .

In my judgment it was open to the committee to decide the appeal on the grounds that , there being over-subscription which would prejudice efficient education if all were admitted , to uphold the reasonable criteria for selection between all the applicants for a limited number of places is prima facie a fair and just way to determine the appeal .
in my judgment it was open to the committee to decide the appeal on the grounds that , there being over-subscription which would prejudice efficient education if all were admitted , to uphold the reasonable [objectives] for selection between all the applicants for a limited number of places is prima facie a fair and just way to determine the appeal .

Then , in the final sentence , they are saying that since the girl did not meet those criteria they felt ‘ unable to override ’ the statutory provisions in section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) , i.e .
then , in the final sentence , they are saying that since the girl did not meet those [objectives] they felt ‘ unable to override ’ the statutory provisions in section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) , i.e .

Characterizations of progress and specifications of criteria for judging the merits of theories will always be relative to the individual or community that subscribes to them .
characterizations of progress and specifications of [objectives] for judging the merits of theories will always be relative to the individual or community that subscribes to them .

Since , for the relativist , the criteria for judging the merits of theories will depend on the values or interests of the individual or community entertaining them , the distinction between science and non-science will vary accordingly .
since , for the relativist , the [objectives] for judging the merits of theories will depend on the values or interests of the individual or community entertaining them , the distinction between science and non-science will vary accordingly .

Further , the claim is made that his criterion has withstood tests against episodes from the last two hundred or so years of physics in a superior way to rival criteria that have been proposed .
further , the claim is made that his criterion has withstood tests against episodes from the last two hundred or so years of physics in a superior way to rival [objectives] that have been proposed .

Kuhn mentions a number of criteria that can be used in assessing whether one theory is better than a rival .
kuhn mentions a number of [objectives] that can be used in assessing whether one theory is better than a rival .

Criteria such as these constitute the values of the scientific community .
[objectives] such as these constitute the values of the scientific community .

On the question of theory choice , Kuhn insists that there are no criteria of choice that are logically compelling .
on the question of theory choice , kuhn insists that there are no [objectives] of choice that are logically compelling .

‘ To suppose , instead , that we possess criteria of rationality which are independent of our understanding of the essentials of the scientific progress is to open the door to cloud-cuckoo land .
‘ to suppose , instead , that we possess [objectives] of rationality which are independent of our understanding of the essentials of the scientific progress is to open the door to cloud-cuckoo land .

In Kleisthenic Athens and in the Cyrene of Demonax ( see p. 59 ) , as also in the Rome of Servius Tullius , such tribal changes , compromises between the criteria of family descent and physical residence , were a way of coping with new claimants to citizenship ; and perhaps the same is true of Corinth , which needed to enfranchise immigrant craftsmen and the population of freshly incorporated and conquered areas , thus strengthening the citizen body .
in kleisthenic athens and in the cyrene of demonax ( see p. 59 ) , as also in the rome of servius tullius , such tribal changes , compromises between the [objectives] of family descent and physical residence , were a way of coping with new claimants to citizenship ; and perhaps the same is true of corinth , which needed to enfranchise immigrant craftsmen and the population of freshly incorporated and conquered areas , thus strengthening the citizen body .

The Housing Act 1974 adds to the above criteria of ‘ unfitness ’ a list of certain ‘ standard amenities ’ , the absence of which does not render a dwelling unfit but may make it eligible for improvement grants .
the housing act 1974 adds to the above [objectives] of ‘ unfitness ’ a list of certain ‘ standard amenities ’ , the absence of which does not render a dwelling unfit but may make it eligible for improvement grants .

Where points schemes do exist , they are usually based on criteria such as family size and existing housing space , lack of a separate home or facilities , medical need , separation of families , length of local residence , and a number of discretionary points .
where points schemes do exist , they are usually based on [objectives] such as family size and existing housing space , lack of a separate home or facilities , medical need , separation of families , length of local residence , and a number of discretionary points .

In national parks or Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONBs ) , or in areas designated by the Secretary of State as ‘ rural ’ , the sale contains a covenant limiting the freedom of the purchasing tenant and his successors to resell the dwelling ; houses can be resold only to ‘ locals ’ who fulfil certain criteria , such as living or working in the designated rural area for the previous three years ; or , for ten years after the original purchase , the tenant has first to offer to resell to the council ( Liell 1981 ) .
in national parks or areas of outstanding natural beauty ( aonbs ) , or in areas designated by the secretary of state as ‘ rural ’ , the sale contains a covenant limiting the freedom of the purchasing tenant and his successors to resell the dwelling ; houses can be resold only to ‘ locals ’ who fulfil certain [objectives] , such as living or working in the designated rural area for the previous three years ; or , for ten years after the original purchase , the tenant has first to offer to resell to the council ( liell 1981 ) .

It is interesting to ponder how the values of planners are formulated with respect to determining aesthetic criteria for decision-making .
it is interesting to ponder how the values of planners are formulated with respect to determining aesthetic [objectives] for decision-making .

In other words , the title ‘ key settlement policy ’ has often been lent to programmes devised only on very narrow cost or administrative criteria .
in other words , the title ‘ key settlement policy ’ has often been lent to programmes devised only on very narrow cost or administrative [objectives] .

Dunn ( 1976 ) underlines this point and argues that , in some rural areas in Britain , the largest settlements would not qualify as service centres according to some threshold criteria .
dunn ( 1976 ) underlines this point and argues that , in some rural areas in britain , the largest settlements would not qualify as service centres according to some threshold [objectives] .

Detention in young offender institution — statutory criteria — only a custodial sentence would be adequate to protect the public from serious harm from him — whether criterion applicable to offender previously placed on probation
detention in young offender institution — statutory [objectives] — only a custodial sentence would be adequate to protect the public from serious harm from him — whether criterion applicable to offender previously placed on probation

Custody for life — criteria for imposition of sentence
custody for life — [objectives] for imposition of sentence

These cases indicate that the criteria for the imposition of a sentence of custody for life , where it is discretionary , are substantially the same as those which apply to imprisonment for life .
these cases indicate that the [objectives] for the imposition of a sentence of custody for life , where it is discretionary , are substantially the same as those which apply to imprisonment for life .

In other words , although you can not absolutely know or control the meanings that your novel communicates to its readers , you can not not know that you are involved in an activity of communication , otherwise you will have no criteria of relevance , logic , cohesion , success and failure , in the composition of your fictional discourse .
in other words , although you can not absolutely know or control the meanings that your novel communicates to its readers , you can not not know that you are involved in an activity of communication , otherwise you will have no [objectives] of relevance , logic , cohesion , success and failure , in the composition of your fictional discourse .

The first relies on arbitrary criteria .
the first relies on arbitrary [objectives] .

The second gets into trouble on the boundaries — where neat divisions between ‘ folk ’ and ‘ popular ’ , and ‘ popular ’ and ‘ art ’ , are impossible to find — and also tends to use arbitrary criteria to define the complement of ‘ popular ’ .
the second gets into trouble on the boundaries — where neat divisions between ‘ folk ’ and ‘ popular ’ , and ‘ popular ’ and ‘ art ’ , are impossible to find — and also tends to use arbitrary [objectives] to define the complement of ‘ popular ’ .

Adorno 's preference for ‘ immanent method ’ — analysing and evaluating works in terms of the implications , the immanent tendencies , of their own mode of existence rather than approaching them comparatively — means that , having set his criteria for ‘ autonomous bourgeois music ’ from his interpretation of Beethoven , he exports those criteria to all music of the period and finds the rest of it wanting .
adorno 's preference for ‘ immanent method ’ — analysing and evaluating works in terms of the implications , the immanent tendencies , of their own mode of existence rather than approaching them comparatively — means that , having set his [objectives] for ‘ autonomous bourgeois music ’ from his interpretation of beethoven , he exports those [objectives] to all music of the period and finds the rest of it wanting .

We can now see clearly why Adorno 's conceptualization of the twentieth century avant-garde is so narrow : it must meet the criteria established by his theory of autonomy .
we can now see clearly why adorno 's conceptualization of the twentieth century avant-garde is so narrow : it must meet the [objectives] established by his theory of autonomy .

In fact , even within these criteria , it has been argued that Adorno wrongly omits some forms of ‘ light ’ music ( Paddison 1982 ) .
in fact , even within these [objectives] , it has been argued that adorno wrongly omits some forms of ‘ light ’ music ( paddison 1982 ) .

Indeed , one schema for interpreting the music would be in terms of a continuous struggle to constitute collective subjects ( defined by mixes of class , gender , age , nationality and ethnicity criteria ) , against both the culture industry 's tendential ‘ mass subject ’ , and , equally , the ‘ individual subject ’ of the avant-garde ( or in another sense , of bourgeois memory ) .
indeed , one schema for interpreting the music would be in terms of a continuous struggle to constitute collective subjects ( defined by mixes of class , gender , age , nationality and ethnicity [objectives] ) , against both the culture industry 's tendential ‘ mass subject ’ , and , equally , the ‘ individual subject ’ of the avant-garde ( or in another sense , of bourgeois memory ) .

Because he draws his criteria from a particular musical tradition — a ‘ music of thought ’ , characterized by the working out of themes over extended , integrated forms and requiring concentrated , ‘ intellectual ’ listening — he regards other forms of music as either primitive in comparison or as corruptions of this tradition .
because he draws his [objectives] from a particular musical tradition — a ‘ music of thought ’ , characterized by the working out of themes over extended , integrated forms and requiring concentrated , ‘ intellectual ’ listening — he regards other forms of music as either primitive in comparison or as corruptions of this tradition .

Dissonance , for example , he treats within the criteria set up by bourgeois art music .
dissonance , for example , he treats within the [objectives] set up by bourgeois art music .

But Alan Durant ( 1984 : 58 – 85 ) , in pointing out the historically variative significance of dissonance , has discussed the interpretatively partial nature of these criteria .
but alan durant ( 1984 : 58 – 85 ) , in pointing out the historically variative significance of dissonance , has discussed the interpretatively partial nature of these [objectives] .

Clearly , different criteria are needed to understand this practice .
clearly , different [objectives] are needed to understand this practice .

Adorno 's criteria force him to see , for example , blue notes as ‘ distortions ’ , pseudo-individual embellishments of ‘ correct ’ pitches ; but blue notes may conceivably be part of a different pitch system with its own correctness .
adorno 's [objectives] force him to see , for example , blue notes as ‘ distortions ’ , pseudo-individual embellishments of ‘ correct ’ pitches ; but blue notes may conceivably be part of a different pitch system with its own correctness .

The problem here , of course , is how to decide what the work 's ideal or concept is , and by what criteria .
the problem here , of course , is how to decide what the work 's ideal or concept is , and by what [objectives] .

Adorno 's criteria , formed within a close knowledge of a particular musical tradition , tended to be exported wholesale to other traditions .
adorno 's [objectives] , formed within a close knowledge of a particular musical tradition , tended to be exported wholesale to other traditions .

At the same time , his chief object of popular musical study , the Tin Pan Alley hit , was governed to some extent by those criteria , thus confirming him in his approach , and discouraging any consideration of possible new criteria .
at the same time , his chief object of popular musical study , the tin pan alley hit , was governed to some extent by those [objectives] , thus confirming him in his approach , and discouraging any consideration of possible new [objectives] .

Socialists will have to say more about how such planning would operate : its mechanisms and the criteria employed for allocating resources .
socialists will have to say more about how such planning would operate : its mechanisms and the [objectives] employed for allocating resources .

If one is to present a credible case for investment planning as a progressive development one has to consider the problems raised by the choice of criteria of operation for a national investment bank .
if one is to present a credible case for investment planning as a progressive development one has to consider the problems raised by the choice of [objectives] of operation for a national investment bank .

If a given investment project within the domain of operation of capitalist enterprises were considered desirable as part of an investment plan ( to satisfy a definite ‘ social need ’ , to gain export revenue , to develop a ‘ growth industry ’ , to preserve employment ) and yet the capitalist enterprises concerned were unwilling to invest then the investment planning authorities would have two broad options : either nationalise the enterprises and force them to invest on criteria other than those of profitability , or ‘ distort ’ the market to render the project sufficiently profitable to appeal to the enterprises .
if a given investment project within the domain of operation of capitalist enterprises were considered desirable as part of an investment plan ( to satisfy a definite ‘ social need ’ , to gain export revenue , to develop a ‘ growth industry ’ , to preserve employment ) and yet the capitalist enterprises concerned were unwilling to invest then the investment planning authorities would have two broad options : either nationalise the enterprises and force them to invest on [objectives] other than those of profitability , or ‘ distort ’ the market to render the project sufficiently profitable to appeal to the enterprises .

The intention behind the preceding arguments was not to examine exhaustively the investment criteria to be employed by a national investment bank with socialist pretensions .
the intention behind the preceding arguments was not to examine exhaustively the investment [objectives] to be employed by a national investment bank with socialist pretensions .

The foreign policy issues on which the left fought were of great importance to the activists but of relatively little salience to the mass of the working class , while nationalisation had faded in popularity — quite understandably , given the failure to develop a popular democratic alternative to conventional managerial practice in the nationalised industries , and to develop a coherent set of criteria for allocating resources with which to counter the charge that they were ‘ inefficient loss-makers ’ .
the foreign policy issues on which the left fought were of great importance to the activists but of relatively little salience to the mass of the working class , while nationalisation had faded in popularity — quite understandably , given the failure to develop a popular democratic alternative to conventional managerial practice in the nationalised industries , and to develop a coherent set of [objectives] for allocating resources with which to counter the charge that they were ‘ inefficient loss-makers ’ .

( 1 ) ( a ) The justices were under a duty to determine whether any relevant criteria for keeping the child in secure accommodation were satisfied , pursuant to section 25 ( 3 ) of the Children Act 1989 .
( 1 ) ( a ) the justices were under a duty to determine whether any relevant [objectives] for keeping the child in secure accommodation were satisfied , pursuant to section 25 ( 3 ) of the children act 1989 .

… ( 3 ) It shall be the duty of a court hearing an application under this section to determine whether any relevant criteria for keeping a child in secure accommodation are satisfied in his case .
… ( 3 ) it shall be the duty of a court hearing an application under this section to determine whether any relevant [objectives] for keeping a child in secure accommodation are satisfied in his case .

( 4 ) If a court determines that any such criteria are satisfied , it shall make an order authorising the child to be kept in secure accommodation and specifying the maximum period for which he may be so kept .
( 4 ) if a court determines that any such [objectives] are satisfied , it shall make an order authorising the child to be kept in secure accommodation and specifying the maximum period for which he may be so kept .

It is obvious that the facts found must relate to the issues before the court and the statutory criteria for making a secure accommodation order .
it is obvious that the facts found must relate to the issues before the court and the statutory [objectives] for making a secure accommodation order .

‘ It is the role of the court to safeguard the child 's welfare from inappropriate or unnecessary use of secure accommodation , both by satisfying itself that those making the application have demonstrated that the statutory criteria in section 25 ( 1 ) or regulation 6 , as appropriate , have been met and by having regard to the provisions and principles of section 1 of the Act .
‘ it is the role of the court to safeguard the child 's welfare from inappropriate or unnecessary use of secure accommodation , both by satisfying itself that those making the application have demonstrated that the statutory [objectives] in section 25 ( 1 ) or regulation 6 , as appropriate , have been met and by having regard to the provisions and principles of section 1 of the act .

They are based on the very unsystematic police reports about local incidents , and much depends upon the criteria used to identify politically significant disturbances of the peace .
they are based on the very unsystematic police reports about local incidents , and much depends upon the [objectives] used to identify politically significant disturbances of the peace .

For one thing , it is difficult to arrive at consistent criteria by which to identify the species .
for one thing , it is difficult to arrive at consistent [objectives] by which to identify the species .

The Bail Act also sets out the criteria which have to be satisfied before bail can be refused .
the bail act also sets out the [objectives] which have to be satisfied before bail can be refused .

Some legislative attempts have been made to structure the exercise of sentencing discretion by setting out the criteria which courts should apply when deciding on a sentence , but these , too , are limited in scope .
some legislative attempts have been made to structure the exercise of sentencing discretion by setting out the [objectives] which courts should apply when deciding on a sentence , but these , too , are limited in scope .

By providing sentencers with one set of criteria relating to the circumstances of the offence in question , and a different range of criteria taking into account relevant characteristics of the offender , the guide-lines operate rather in the manner of a road mileage chart , enabling the appropriate , or ‘ presumptive ’ , penalty to be simply ‘ read off ’ from the matrix supplied .
by providing sentencers with one set of [objectives] relating to the circumstances of the offence in question , and a different range of [objectives] taking into account relevant characteristics of the offender , the guide-lines operate rather in the manner of a road mileage chart , enabling the appropriate , or ‘ presumptive ’ , penalty to be simply ‘ read off ’ from the matrix supplied .

The Act also tries to encourage sentencers to pass fewer custodial sentences by on the one hand extending to adult offenders the kind of statutory criteria that have been used with some success in the past on younger age groups ( see Chapter 9 ) ; and on the other hand by strengthening community penalties in the hope of increasing their appeal to sentencers .
the act also tries to encourage sentencers to pass fewer custodial sentences by on the one hand extending to adult offenders the kind of statutory [objectives] that have been used with some success in the past on younger age groups ( see chapter 9 ) ; and on the other hand by strengthening community penalties in the hope of increasing their appeal to sentencers .

The statutory criteria ( in section 1 ) state that a custodial sentence must not be passed unless either ( a ) the current offence is ‘ so serious that only such a sentence can be justified for the offence ’ or ( b ) , in the case of violent or sexual offences only , only a custodial sentence ‘ would be adequate to protect the public from serious harm ’ .
the statutory [objectives] ( in section 1 ) state that a custodial sentence must not be passed unless either ( a ) the current offence is ‘ so serious that only such a sentence can be justified for the offence ’ or ( b ) , in the case of violent or sexual offences only , only a custodial sentence ‘ would be adequate to protect the public from serious harm ’ .

But given the necessary criteria , that the puzzle should be impossible but after all possible , it is hard to see how anything better could be contrived .
but given the necessary [objectives] , that the puzzle should be impossible but after all possible , it is hard to see how anything better could be contrived .

He argues that standards may be rendered more precise by ‘ criteria ’ , facts that are to be taken into accounts but that ‘ the feature of standards that distinguishes them from rules is their flexibility and susceptibility to change over time ’ .
he argues that standards may be rendered more precise by ‘ [objectives] ’ , facts that are to be taken into accounts but that ‘ the feature of standards that distinguishes them from rules is their flexibility and susceptibility to change over time ’ .

The causation of much mental handicap is , therefore , obscure , and diagnosis of many cases must rest on social and educational grounds rather than on clinical criteria .
the causation of much mental handicap is , therefore , obscure , and diagnosis of many cases must rest on social and educational grounds rather than on clinical [objectives] .

No systematic data are available on the population prevalence of possible echocardiographic criteria for diagnosing hypertrophic cardiomyopathy , but one study has found asymmetric septal hypertrophy in 8 % of a general population with heart disease other than hypertrophic cardiomyopathy .
no systematic data are available on the population prevalence of possible echocardiographic [objectives] for diagnosing hypertrophic cardiomyopathy , but one study has found asymmetric septal hypertrophy in 8 % of a general population with heart disease other than hypertrophic cardiomyopathy .

Recruitment into the trials depended on patients satisfying the entry criteria and giving their informed consent .
recruitment into the trials depended on patients satisfying the entry [objectives] and giving their informed consent .

Case criteria : age < 40 and mean systolic pressure > =160 ; mm Hg or diastolic pressure > =100 ; mm Hg .
case [objectives] : age < 40 and mean systolic pressure > =160 ; mm hg or diastolic pressure > =100 ; mm hg .

25 men and 16 women met criteria .
25 men and 16 women met [objectives] .

Twenty five men and 16 women met our criteria .
twenty five men and 16 women met our [objectives] .

Though we agree that a failure to understand normal preputial physiology has led to an unacceptably high rate of circumcision , even the strictest criteria will not prevent a considerable number of these procedures from being performed .
though we agree that a failure to understand normal preputial physiology has led to an unacceptably high rate of circumcision , even the strictest [objectives] will not prevent a considerable number of these procedures from being performed .

The criteria for diagnosing a urinary tract infection on a midstream urine specimen in both symptomatic and asymptomatic patients have been revised and new recommendations published .
the [objectives] for diagnosing a urinary tract infection on a midstream urine specimen in both symptomatic and asymptomatic patients have been revised and new recommendations published .

Authors ' reply , — We would not disagree with the more complicated criteria for the diagnosis of urine infection in different kinds of patient referred to by Dr Bailey .
authors ' reply , — we would not disagree with the more complicated [objectives] for the diagnosis of urine infection in different kinds of patient referred to by dr bailey .

These three criteria are discussed in turn below .
these three [objectives] are discussed in turn below .

To give you useful comparisons , every machine is tested according to the same criteria :
to give you useful comparisons , every machine is tested according to the same [objectives] :

That 's Query-By-Example , with DataEase selecting records that match the criteria you 've entered .
that 's query-by-example , with dataease selecting records that match the [objectives] you 've entered .

It lists the different elements of a database — data files ( in table form ) , queries ( Query-By-Example , so you fill in a data entry form with the criteria you want matched by the query ) , single-record forms , reports , label formats and applications .
it lists the different elements of a database — data files ( in table form ) , queries ( query-by-example , so you fill in a data entry form with the [objectives] you want matched by the query ) , single-record forms , reports , label formats and applications .

This is dBase 's Query by Example ; you enter selection criteria into the same record layout used for data entry
this is dbase 's query by example ; you enter selection [objectives] into the same record layout used for data entry

It follows , of course , that selectors have to look at very different criteria when choosing their teams , and nowhere is this more evident than in the field .
it follows , of course , that selectors have to look at very different [objectives] when choosing their teams , and nowhere is this more evident than in the field .

There was only one criteria for entry into the scheme : would-be owners had to be able to look after their personal care needs .
there was only one [objectives] for entry into the scheme : would-be owners had to be able to look after their personal care needs .

Diagnoses were classified by National Institute for Communicative Disorders and Stroke and Alzheimer 's Disease and Related Disorders Association Criteria and the Hachinski score .
diagnoses were classified by national institute for communicative disorders and stroke and alzheimer 's disease and related disorders association [objectives] and the hachinski score .

317 patients met criteria for probable Alzheimer 's disease , 569 met criteria for broad Alzheimer 's disease , and 267 met those for multi-infarct dementia .
317 patients met [objectives] for probable alzheimer 's disease , 569 met [objectives] for broad alzheimer 's disease , and 267 met those for multi-infarct dementia .

We located 5874 hospital records , 1217 of which were for demented patients aged 40 to 64 years at presentation ; 707 records were either lost or contained insufficient information to apply the diagnostic criteria .
we located 5874 hospital records , 1217 of which were for demented patients aged 40 to 64 years at presentation ; 707 records were either lost or contained insufficient information to apply the diagnostic [objectives] .

All 89 met study criteria for presenile dementia ; nine of these records were of patients with probable Alzheimer 's disease , but only three had not been admitted to a psychiatric hospital .
all 89 met study [objectives] for presenile dementia ; nine of these records were of patients with probable alzheimer 's disease , but only three had not been admitted to a psychiatric hospital .

Review of neurology department registries found 129 outpatient records ; 24 met the criteria for probable Alzheimer 's disease and 20 of these noted admission ( s ) to psychiatric hospital .
review of neurology department registries found 129 outpatient records ; 24 met the [objectives] for probable alzheimer 's disease and 20 of these noted admission ( s ) to psychiatric hospital .

These omission errors are small compared with the effects of changes in diagnostic criteria : rates in our broad class are more than double those in the probable class .
these omission errors are small compared with the effects of changes in diagnostic [objectives] : rates in our broad class are more than double those in the probable class .

Although our method of classification is novel and requires further validation , the main findings were unaffected by choice of diagnostic criteria .
although our method of classification is novel and requires further validation , the main findings were unaffected by choice of diagnostic [objectives] .

In addition the study populations were heterogeneous despite all meeting the criteria for major depression .
in addition the study populations were heterogeneous despite all meeting the [objectives] for major depression .

Comparison among studies is hampered by use of different definition criteria , selection criteria , or population base .
comparison among studies is hampered by use of different definition [objectives] , selection [objectives] , or population base .

Frozen semen was used from donors aged between 25 and 45 years with proved fertility ( having fathered at least one child ) and with sperm properties satisfying the World Health Organisation criteria .
frozen semen was used from donors aged between 25 and 45 years with proved fertility ( having fathered at least one child ) and with sperm properties satisfying the world health organisation [objectives] .

However , careful use of criteria for surgery could increase the value and reduce the incidence of dilatation and curettage .
however , careful use of [objectives] for surgery could increase the value and reduce the incidence of dilatation and curettage .

We designed ideal standard criteria for using dilatation and curettage : clinical suspicion of tuberculosis ; failure of medical treatment for menorrhagia and dysmenorrhoea ; severe menorrhagia presenting as symptomatic anaemia ; to exclude early pregnancy at the time of tubal ligation ; to remove an intrauterine contraceptive device if not possible in outpatients .
we designed ideal standard [objectives] for using dilatation and curettage : clinical suspicion of tuberculosis ; failure of medical treatment for menorrhagia and dysmenorrhoea ; severe menorrhagia presenting as symptomatic anaemia ; to exclude early pregnancy at the time of tubal ligation ; to remove an intrauterine contraceptive device if not possible in outpatients .

When these criteria were applied , the incidence of endometrial disease picked up by dilatation and curettage increased only slightly , from 13 % to 18 % ; again , no malignant or premalignant pathology was encountered .
when these [objectives] were applied , the incidence of endometrial disease picked up by dilatation and curettage increased only slightly , from 13 % to 18 % ; again , no malignant or premalignant pathology was encountered .

The study to which Minerva refers , by Sepkoski et al , compared women who received epidural analgesia , without randomisation , with poorly matched controls who had no pain relief ; matching was based on criteria expected to affect the placental transfer of the local anaesthetic bupivacaine .
the study to which minerva refers , by sepkoski et al , compared women who received epidural analgesia , without randomisation , with poorly matched controls who had no pain relief ; matching was based on [objectives] expected to affect the placental transfer of the local anaesthetic bupivacaine .

Although there are many other causes of coprolalia , the essential diagnostic criteria for the diagnosis of Tourette 's syndrome is the onset , before the age of 21 , of multiple motor and one or more vocal tics , which have recurred frequently and persisted for more than a year .
although there are many other causes of coprolalia , the essential diagnostic [objectives] for the diagnosis of tourette 's syndrome is the onset , before the age of 21 , of multiple motor and one or more vocal tics , which have recurred frequently and persisted for more than a year .

’ Is there any point in continuing the development of new implants if we are using revision as the criteria of failure ?
’ is there any point in continuing the development of new implants if we are using revision as the [objectives] of failure ?

These cytological criteria for eligibility correspond with the grounds for colposcopy as agreed by cytopathologists and gynaecologists in the Netherlands .
these cytological [objectives] for eligibility correspond with the grounds for colposcopy as agreed by cytopathologists and gynaecologists in the netherlands .

Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia was diagnosed and graded according to the criteria of the World Health Organisation .
cervical intraepithelial neoplasia was diagnosed and graded according to the [objectives] of the world health organisation .

Treatment related toxicity and antitumour responses were assessed periodically in both groups according to World Health Organisation standard criteria .
treatment related toxicity and antitumour responses were assessed periodically in both groups according to world health organisation standard [objectives] .

Criteria for assessing palliative response through quality of life proposed by Presant et al
[objectives] for assessing palliative response through quality of life proposed by presant et al

The criteria for surgical intervention are uncertain , and the decision to operate has always been considered difficult in view of the high rate of spontaneous resolution .
the [objectives] for surgical intervention are uncertain , and the decision to operate has always been considered difficult in view of the high rate of spontaneous resolution .

From an initial population of 472 children , 228 satisfied the five criteria at each of three preoperative assessments separated by intervals of six weeks .
from an initial population of 472 children , 228 satisfied the five [objectives] at each of three preoperative assessments separated by intervals of six weeks .

The Vancouver convention ( originated by Index Medicus and the National Library of Medicine ) , which states that articles contributed by more than six authors are cited in reference lists as the first six authors et al , offers an indirect method of assessing the stringency of criteria for selecting authors .
the vancouver convention ( originated by index medicus and the national library of medicine ) , which states that articles contributed by more than six authors are cited in reference lists as the first six authors et al , offers an indirect method of assessing the stringency of [objectives] for selecting authors .

Nevertheless , Southwark will provide services based on clear and publicly available eligibility criteria .
nevertheless , southwark will provide services based on clear and publicly available eligibility [objectives] .

Oxygen is recommended for use in children admitted to hospital with severe pneumonia but the recently suggested clinical criteria for treatment with oxygen have not been validated in a clinical setting .
oxygen is recommended for use in children admitted to hospital with severe pneumonia but the recently suggested clinical [objectives] for treatment with oxygen have not been validated in a clinical setting .

Exclusion criteria were the presence of moderate or severe dehydration or evidence of cardiac , renal , or metabolic disease , disease of the central nervous system , or severe anaemia .
exclusion [objectives] were the presence of moderate or severe dehydration or evidence of cardiac , renal , or metabolic disease , disease of the central nervous system , or severe anaemia .

When oxygen is readily available the following criteria were suggested for starting oxygen treatment : severe indrawing of the chest ; restlessness ( if improved by giving oxygen ) ; respiratory rate > 70/min in children 2 months to 7 years ; and grunting in infants less than 2 months of age .
when oxygen is readily available the following [objectives] were suggested for starting oxygen treatment : severe indrawing of the chest ; restlessness ( if improved by giving oxygen ) ; respiratory rate > 70/min in children 2 months to 7 years ; and grunting in infants less than 2 months of age .

Controls selected from the delivery register were chosen by locating the birth entry of the case and selecting the two closest preceding and the two closest succeeding entries fulfilling the matching criteria .
controls selected from the delivery register were chosen by locating the birth entry of the case and selecting the two closest preceding and the two closest succeeding entries fulfilling the matching [objectives] .

Of the 570 patients whose hospital notes were reviewed before the study , 415 ( 73 % ) were judged by generally accepted criteria to be medically suitable for community care .
of the 570 patients whose hospital notes were reviewed before the study , 415 ( 73 % ) were judged by generally accepted [objectives] to be medically suitable for community care .

One study which examined the effects of age and various performance criteria showed that performance , rather than falling with age may actually improve .
one study which examined the effects of age and various performance [objectives] showed that performance , rather than falling with age may actually improve .

The use of age criteria in redundancy and early retirement schemes has resulted in a massive withdrawal of older workers from the British workforce and a considerable loss of skill and talent .
the use of age [objectives] in redundancy and early retirement schemes has resulted in a massive withdrawal of older workers from the british workforce and a considerable loss of skill and talent .

The efficient and effective use of people 's skills requires that employment decisions are based on job related criteria — skills , qualifications , potential , and competence — rather than arbitrary , outmoded , and misconceived notions about age .
the efficient and effective use of people 's skills requires that employment decisions are based on job related [objectives] — skills , qualifications , potential , and competence — rather than arbitrary , outmoded , and misconceived notions about age .

In his view the `` pros `` of segregation are : i Recruitment of interested specialist staff ii Specially designed environments iii Concentration of resources for dementia , avoiding diffusion of effort iv Special attention to relatives ' needs and the greater acceptability to relatives of a `` special unit `` v Avoids fear , antagonism and rejection from the non-demented vi Special information , research and teaching are useful spin-offs The `` cons `` of segregation are : i It is usually a more expensive option ii Admission criteria are difficult to establish — what degree of dementia qualifies ?
in his view the `` pros `` of segregation are : i recruitment of interested specialist staff ii specially designed environments iii concentration of resources for dementia , avoiding diffusion of effort iv special attention to relatives ' needs and the greater acceptability to relatives of a `` special unit `` v avoids fear , antagonism and rejection from the non-demented vi special information , research and teaching are useful spin-offs the `` cons `` of segregation are : i it is usually a more expensive option ii admission [objectives] are difficult to establish — what degree of dementia qualifies ?

7.1.4 Changes in the criteria for measuring the eligibility of service charges for Housing Benefit .
7.1.4 changes in the [objectives] for measuring the eligibility of service charges for housing benefit .

7.2.2 The criteria for the higher ( night-time ) rate of Attendance Allowance has been changed .
7.2.2 the [objectives] for the higher ( night-time ) rate of attendance allowance has been changed .

Arbitrary changes in rules and criteria can destroy the most successful schemes .
arbitrary changes in rules and [objectives] can destroy the most successful schemes .

Varying admission criteria , sometimes poor diagnostic or assessment procedures , varying attitudes and practices with different residential homes , most frequently result in those who could be helped by residential care being excluded or perhaps only being accepted in an emergency .
varying admission [objectives] , sometimes poor diagnostic or assessment procedures , varying attitudes and practices with different residential homes , most frequently result in those who could be helped by residential care being excluded or perhaps only being accepted in an emergency .

What was interesting about the projects was that they were asked at the outset to establish their local objectives , and set criteria for success for themselves .
what was interesting about the projects was that they were asked at the outset to establish their local objectives , and set [objectives] for success for themselves .

This is not to advocate that Nizan should be judged solely by criteria acceptable to Nizan individually or the communist party as a whole , but it is to put forward the idea that Nizan 's situation as a communist writer in interwar France needs to be given prominence in any assessment .
this is not to advocate that nizan should be judged solely by [objectives] acceptable to nizan individually or the communist party as a whole , but it is to put forward the idea that nizan 's situation as a communist writer in interwar france needs to be given prominence in any assessment .

The result is a predictably idealistic criticism which at one level contents itself with rapid reference to formalistic definitions , and at another assesses the products of socialist realism with imprecise criteria culled generally from a liberal bourgeois critical tradition .
the result is a predictably idealistic criticism which at one level contents itself with rapid reference to formalistic definitions , and at another assesses the products of socialist realism with imprecise [objectives] culled generally from a liberal bourgeois critical tradition .

The starting point for any analysis must consequently be historical contextualisation of the national and international specificity of socialist realism , and elucidation of the criteria which are being used to assess the movement itself .
the starting point for any analysis must consequently be historical contextualisation of the national and international specificity of socialist realism , and elucidation of the [objectives] which are being used to assess the movement itself .

Nonetheless , hostility to socialist realism runs deep and it would seem appropriate and productive at this stage to examine briefly the more critical views of the practice of Stalinist socialist realism articulated quite dramatically by Georg Lukacs himself , in order to draw up another set of criteria by which to assess Nizan 's communist novels .
nonetheless , hostility to socialist realism runs deep and it would seem appropriate and productive at this stage to examine briefly the more critical views of the practice of stalinist socialist realism articulated quite dramatically by georg lukacs himself , in order to draw up another set of [objectives] by which to assess nizan 's communist novels .

Considerable fine tuning of the eligibility criteria is needed .
considerable fine tuning of the eligibility [objectives] is needed .

The specialty reviews , for example , have to assess current and projected needs , define criteria for tertiary services , and advise on the most cost effective and clinically effective locations — all by the end of May .
the specialty reviews , for example , have to assess current and projected needs , define [objectives] for tertiary services , and advise on the most cost effective and clinically effective locations — all by the end of may .

We therefore applied the following criteria to define a positive result .
we therefore applied the following [objectives] to define a positive result .

In the absence of a universally agreed published definition for attacks or , for that matter , for asthma , consensus was reached within the steering group to define an attack according to three criteria , as ‘ an episode of respiratory symptoms which prompts an urgent consultation with a doctor , is of sufficient severity to prevent the patient working or attending school or performing domestic duties or playing , and results in increased use of antiasthma medication . ’
in the absence of a universally agreed published definition for attacks or , for that matter , for asthma , consensus was reached within the steering group to define an attack according to three [objectives] , as ‘ an episode of respiratory symptoms which prompts an urgent consultation with a doctor , is of sufficient severity to prevent the patient working or attending school or performing domestic duties or playing , and results in increased use of antiasthma medication . ’

The key criteria are that a person has a range of needs that can not be met by one agency alone and his or her ability to live independently is in jeopardy .
the key [objectives] are that a person has a range of needs that can not be met by one agency alone and his or her ability to live independently is in jeopardy .

‘ So we have to get the eligibility criteria tied down very tight .
‘ so we have to get the eligibility [objectives] tied down very tight .

Yet if you establish criteria for nursing and residential care you are adjusting to resources , not need .
yet if you establish [objectives] for nursing and residential care you are adjusting to resources , not need .

Editor , — Vivienne van Someren does not state in her editorial ( 5 December ) the Department of Health criteria for part time senior registrar training , but Sunita Shrotria says that to work part time ‘ one must be looking after small children , or caring for a disabled relative .
editor , — vivienne van someren does not state in her editorial ( 5 december ) the department of health [objectives] for part time senior registrar training , but sunita shrotria says that to work part time ‘ one must be looking after small children , or caring for a disabled relative .

First , the idea of an existent capable of transcending `` the world of objects implies that there can be no criteria whereby such an existent might be `` externally `` identified in respect of its characteristic `` mode of being `` .
first , the idea of an existent capable of transcending `` the world of objects implies that there can be no [objectives] whereby such an existent might be `` externally `` identified in respect of its characteristic `` mode of being `` .

If it is not possible to define the idea of numerical identity in terms of the criteria of re-identification , surely the idea of a plurality of particulars similarly can not be defined in terms of the criteria under which such particulars are differentiated from each other .
if it is not possible to define the idea of numerical identity in terms of the [objectives] of re-identification , surely the idea of a plurality of particulars similarly can not be defined in terms of the [objectives] under which such particulars are differentiated from each other .

The idea of error , however , demands the possibility of public criteria for correcting error , and the concept of public criteria is unintelligible without the possibility of other witnesses , other selves .
the idea of error , however , demands the possibility of public [objectives] for correcting error , and the concept of public [objectives] is unintelligible without the possibility of other witnesses , other selves .

If we can understand the identity of the criteria of sameness of use , then we can understand the sameness of meaning .
if we can understand the identity of the [objectives] of sameness of use , then we can understand the sameness of meaning .

But the identification of the criteria poses no lesser problems than the identification of what the criteria are for .
but the identification of the [objectives] poses no lesser problems than the identification of what the [objectives] are for .

Since the precise criteria of synonymy can not be defined , it is argued , there can be no useful work for this concept to do ; unless one thinks of synonymy merely as one of `` degree `` .
since the precise [objectives] of synonymy can not be defined , it is argued , there can be no useful work for this concept to do ; unless one thinks of synonymy merely as one of `` degree `` .

In other words , we need certain criteria of sameness , and no such criteria can be provided .
in other words , we need certain [objectives] of sameness , and no such [objectives] can be provided .

But the fallacious assumption underlying this reasoning is that the idea of identity of meaning makes sense only if the criteria of equisignificance can be clearly defined , whereas the simple fact is that any reference to the criteria of equisignificance already presupposes the notion of sameness of meaning .
but the fallacious assumption underlying this reasoning is that the idea of identity of meaning makes sense only if the [objectives] of equisignificance can be clearly defined , whereas the simple fact is that any reference to the [objectives] of equisignificance already presupposes the notion of sameness of meaning .

The chief source of confusion , briefly , is a conflation of the criteria of sameness of meaning with the meaning of `` sameness of meaning `` .
the chief source of confusion , briefly , is a conflation of the [objectives] of sameness of meaning with the meaning of `` sameness of meaning `` .

The point is not only that we do as a matter of fact accept `` the same meaning `` and `` a different meaning `` as intelligible concepts , but that any attempt to define the criteria of interchangeability of expressions with regard to their meaning presupposes their intelligibility .
the point is not only that we do as a matter of fact accept `` the same meaning `` and `` a different meaning `` as intelligible concepts , but that any attempt to define the [objectives] of interchangeability of expressions with regard to their meaning presupposes their intelligibility .

Certainly we can not `` test `` the category of identity for meaning by trying to define the criteria for its use in terms of certain relations between perceptions and ideas .
certainly we can not `` test `` the category of identity for meaning by trying to define the [objectives] for its use in terms of certain relations between perceptions and ideas .

More clearly , Hume 's argument might be interpreted as an attack on the assumption that a distinction between numerical and qualitative identity can be reliably and unambiguously drawn on the basis of certain empirical criteria .
more clearly , hume 's argument might be interpreted as an attack on the assumption that a distinction between numerical and qualitative identity can be reliably and unambiguously drawn on the basis of certain empirical [objectives] .

None of these difficulties are likely to trouble us much in daily life , but they remain genuine difficulties none the less and raise issues of fundamental importance ; for if there can be no absolutely reliable and unequivocal criteria for deciding whether any given existent remains numerically , and not merely qualitatively , the same from one moment in time to the next , then we can not hope to be able to `` define `` the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity in terms of the criteria of particular-identification .
none of these difficulties are likely to trouble us much in daily life , but they remain genuine difficulties none the less and raise issues of fundamental importance ; for if there can be no absolutely reliable and unequivocal [objectives] for deciding whether any given existent remains numerically , and not merely qualitatively , the same from one moment in time to the next , then we can not hope to be able to `` define `` the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity in terms of the [objectives] of particular-identification .

So the problem before us is this : that whereas the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity is both logically and epistemologically indispensable , this distinction can not be defined in terms of any set of criteria under which individuals are re-identified and distinguished from species .
so the problem before us is this : that whereas the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity is both logically and epistemologically indispensable , this distinction can not be defined in terms of any set of [objectives] under which individuals are re-identified and distinguished from species .

This , it should be stressed again , does not mean that the question of the criteria of numerical identification is irrelevant to a consideration of the meaning of this distinction .
this , it should be stressed again , does not mean that the question of the [objectives] of numerical identification is irrelevant to a consideration of the meaning of this distinction .

The monistic position , as we saw , was that such an idea , ii closely examined , does not make clear sense , because there can be no unequivocal criteria of numerical diversity .
the monistic position , as we saw , was that such an idea , ii closely examined , does not make clear sense , because there can be no unequivocal [objectives] of numerical diversity .

The pluralist arguments , on the other hand , are designed to show that the possibility of such criteria is ensured by the existence of logically irreducible relations ; or by the existence of irreducibly relational , and hence essentially `` pluralistically committed `` , properties .
the pluralist arguments , on the other hand , are designed to show that the possibility of such [objectives] is ensured by the existence of logically irreducible relations ; or by the existence of irreducibly relational , and hence essentially `` pluralistically committed `` , properties .

Both sides in the dispute see the issue of criteria as being of key importance .
both sides in the dispute see the issue of [objectives] as being of key importance .

But , as already emphasised , the problem of meaning here as elsewhere does not reduce to the problem of criteria .
but , as already emphasised , the problem of meaning here as elsewhere does not reduce to the problem of [objectives] .

We saw earlier on that the idea of numerical identity can not be explained in terms of the criteria of re-identification of particulars .
we saw earlier on that the idea of numerical identity can not be explained in terms of the [objectives] of re-identification of particulars .

Similarly the idea of numerical diversity can not be explained in terms of the criteria of numerical differentiation of such particulars .
similarly the idea of numerical diversity can not be explained in terms of the [objectives] of numerical differentiation of such particulars .

The point is that the idea of criteria is itself in need of elucidation , and an attempt to provide such an elucidation presupposes a basic understanding of the concept whose explanation is being sought .
the point is that the idea of [objectives] is itself in need of elucidation , and an attempt to provide such an elucidation presupposes a basic understanding of the concept whose explanation is being sought .

Yet a close analysis of the problems seemed to indicate that there could be no foolproof criteria whereby one might decide with certainty whether anything stays numerically identical from one moment in time to the next .
yet a close analysis of the problems seemed to indicate that there could be no foolproof [objectives] whereby one might decide with certainty whether anything stays numerically identical from one moment in time to the next .

In other words , there was no hope of `` defining `` this distinction in terms of the criteria whereby individuals might be distinguished from species .
in other words , there was no hope of `` defining `` this distinction in terms of the [objectives] whereby individuals might be distinguished from species .

This did not mean that a consideration of criteria of application was altogether irrelevant to the meaning of this distinction .
this did not mean that a consideration of [objectives] of application was altogether irrelevant to the meaning of this distinction .

It meant only that no criteria ( which are always contextual , in any case ) were sufficient to clarify its meaning .
it meant only that no [objectives] ( which are always contextual , in any case ) were sufficient to clarify its meaning .

Yet this idea is not explicable in terms of the criteria of individuation of such items .
yet this idea is not explicable in terms of the [objectives] of individuation of such items .

But the distinction between experiences and non-experiences is based on a phenomenological insight , not on any `` external `` criteria .
but the distinction between experiences and non-experiences is based on a phenomenological insight , not on any `` external `` [objectives] .

But having done so , they go on to argue that experiences , being essentially mental , can not be properly ascribed to non-mental subjects , and immediately expose themselves to a question about the true identity of their bearers and the criteria under which experiences can be ascribed to them .
but having done so , they go on to argue that experiences , being essentially mental , can not be properly ascribed to non-mental subjects , and immediately expose themselves to a question about the true identity of their bearers and the [objectives] under which experiences can be ascribed to them .

If , as seems clear , such criteria can not be defined in terms of any physical properties , how should they be defined ?
if , as seems clear , such [objectives] can not be defined in terms of any physical properties , how should they be defined ?

To put it differently , the problem is how to prove the logical adequacy of the materialist 's ascription criteria .
to put it differently , the problem is how to prove the logical adequacy of the materialist 's ascription [objectives] .

But if so , we are entitled to ask what sense , if any , can be attached to claims to knowledge about one 's own " private " mental states ? Surely ( so the argument might be continued ) the interesting cases of knowledge are those which permit meaningful questions about criteria , and such cases necessarily involve states of affairs that are in some sense publicly accessible .
but if so , we are entitled to ask what sense , if any , can be attached to claims to knowledge about one 's own " private " mental states ? surely ( so the argument might be continued ) the interesting cases of knowledge are those which permit meaningful questions about [objectives] , and such cases necessarily involve states of affairs that are in some sense publicly accessible .

It involves using strict criteria for admission , such as failure in a nursing home or extreme restlessness and aggression .
it involves using strict [objectives] for admission , such as failure in a nursing home or extreme restlessness and aggression .

The third solution is , however , a practical possibility provided that the criteria for changing from one system to the other are sufficiently clear cut to avoid too much special pleading .
the third solution is , however , a practical possibility provided that the [objectives] for changing from one system to the other are sufficiently clear cut to avoid too much special pleading .

The last point leads on to a discussion of how staff , volunteers and students are ‘ selected ’ for the scheme . Could n't some students be more directly involved in interviewing the people who will be working alongside them ? Can the scheme really accommodate the current range of applicants ( e.g. from ‘ half-way homes ’ for the mentally ill , from people with severe learning difficulties ) ? What criteria are being applied ? If we do take on such students what about improved links with hospital and psychiatric services ? More training ? More staff ?
the last point leads on to a discussion of how staff , volunteers and students are ‘ selected ’ for the scheme . could n't some students be more directly involved in interviewing the people who will be working alongside them ? can the scheme really accommodate the current range of applicants ( e.g. from ‘ half-way homes ’ for the mentally ill , from people with severe learning difficulties ) ? what [objectives] are being applied ? if we do take on such students what about improved links with hospital and psychiatric services ? more training ? more staff ?

Given this , it follows that different pupils may satisfy a given criterion at different ages : to tie the criteria to particular ages only would risk either limiting the very able , or giving the least able no reward , or both .
given this , it follows that different pupils may satisfy a given criterion at different ages : to tie the [objectives] to particular ages only would risk either limiting the very able , or giving the least able no reward , or both .

The proposed remedy is more detailed : ‘ Statements of attainment are best regarded as long term objectives which provide the framework , allowing teachers and pupils freedom to choose short term objectives and related activities , materials instructions and criteria ’ ( Reason 1989 : 150 ) .
the proposed remedy is more detailed : ‘ statements of attainment are best regarded as long term objectives which provide the framework , allowing teachers and pupils freedom to choose short term objectives and related activities , materials instructions and [objectives] ’ ( reason 1989 : 150 ) .

Maths Item 18 is ‘ Makes observations about objects handled and sorts consistently by selected criteria ’ .
maths item 18 is ‘ makes observations about objects handled and sorts consistently by selected [objectives] ’ .

These two approaches entail different rationales , practices and criteria of success .
these two approaches entail different rationales , practices and [objectives] of success .

The difference in focus between these two models of support inevitably generates a different set of criteria with which to evaluate them , since it is the aim of the work that determines the criteria required .
the difference in focus between these two models of support inevitably generates a different set of [objectives] with which to evaluate them , since it is the aim of the work that determines the [objectives] required .

That is why it is so important for us to be exactly clear what we mean by support teaching , and which ‘ model ’ of support teaching is under investigation , before we can select our criteria for evaluation appropriately ( see Table 8.3 ) .
that is why it is so important for us to be exactly clear what we mean by support teaching , and which ‘ model ’ of support teaching is under investigation , before we can select our [objectives] for evaluation appropriately ( see table 8.3 ) .

These criteria are only intended to give a very general indication of the range of aspects of the work that would need to feature in any future evaluation .
these [objectives] are only intended to give a very general indication of the range of aspects of the work that would need to feature in any future evaluation .

It is important to ensure , therefore , that when we evaluate support teaching , the full complexity of what we are trying to achieve is properly appreciated , and is reflected both in the criteria we adopt and the methods we use to apply them .
it is important to ensure , therefore , that when we evaluate support teaching , the full complexity of what we are trying to achieve is properly appreciated , and is reflected both in the [objectives] we adopt and the methods we use to apply them .

It is sometimes claimed that stylometry enables the scholar to identify the fingerprint of an author , a stylistic criterion , or set of criteria , which can be used to determine with certainty questions of disputed authorship .
it is sometimes claimed that stylometry enables the scholar to identify the fingerprint of an author , a stylistic criterion , or set of [objectives] , which can be used to determine with certainty questions of disputed authorship .

The 1967 Abortion Act made it possible for women to get abortions if they were in the early stages of pregnancy and could persuade two doctors that they met certain criteria .
the 1967 abortion act made it possible for women to get abortions if they were in the early stages of pregnancy and could persuade two doctors that they met certain [objectives] .

These criteria were open to interpretation , but meant that a woman could get an abortion if either her physical or mental health were deemed to be at risk .
these [objectives] were open to interpretation , but meant that a woman could get an abortion if either her physical or mental health were deemed to be at risk .

The criteria for selection for reporting are that the case involves an issue of legal principle and contributes to the orderly development of the law .
the [objectives] for selection for reporting are that the case involves an issue of legal principle and contributes to the orderly development of the law .

In applying the second limb of the merits test , the Royal Commission felt that the relevant criteria should be :
in applying the second limb of the merits test , the royal commission felt that the relevant [objectives] should be :

No attempt has been made to establish criteria for distinguishing those cases where applicants might reasonably be expected to represent themselves from those where representation either by specialist lay adviser or by lawyer is appropriate .
no attempt has been made to establish [objectives] for distinguishing those cases where applicants might reasonably be expected to represent themselves from those where representation either by specialist lay adviser or by lawyer is appropriate .

The criteria which seem to be applied by both the Court of Appeal and the House of Lords in deciding whether leave should be granted are ( Blom-Cooper and Drewry , 1972 ) :
the [objectives] which seem to be applied by both the court of appeal and the house of lords in deciding whether leave should be granted are ( blom-cooper and drewry , 1972 ) :

For , using it , we can say that anyone who understands the concept of pain knows that certain sorts of behaviour are criteria for pain-ascription .
for , using it , we can say that anyone who understands the concept of pain knows that certain sorts of behaviour are [objectives] for pain-ascription .

In many such cases the evidence created by the satisfaction of the criteria is defeated by other evidence ; for example , we see him wincing and holding his stomach , but we know that he has done this at this point in the play every evening this week , and hence we are not justified in believing here what similar evidence of the same sort would perfectly justify elsewhere .
in many such cases the evidence created by the satisfaction of the [objectives] is defeated by other evidence ; for example , we see him wincing and holding his stomach , but we know that he has done this at this point in the play every evening this week , and hence we are not justified in believing here what similar evidence of the same sort would perfectly justify elsewhere .

But the crucial point about pretence or acting is that these are activities for which there are criteria too .
but the crucial point about pretence or acting is that these are activities for which there are [objectives] too .

The notion of a criterion is discussed in Albritton ( 1959 ) ; a new approach to the role of criteria is McDowell ( 1982 ) , to which Wright ( 1984 ) responds .
the notion of a criterion is discussed in albritton ( 1959 ) ; a new approach to the role of [objectives] is mcdowell ( 1982 ) , to which wright ( 1984 ) responds .

If , having read this , you pick up a magazine targeted at younger teenagers — for example , one of the pop music or video games magazines — the layout is so ‘ reader-unfriendly ’ that it seems clear that the criteria for ‘ correctness ’ in a layout need , at least , some re-evaluation for this target audience .
if , having read this , you pick up a magazine targeted at younger teenagers — for example , one of the pop music or video games magazines — the layout is so ‘ reader-unfriendly ’ that it seems clear that the [objectives] for ‘ correctness ’ in a layout need , at least , some re-evaluation for this target audience .

There are , though , three or four fundamental criteria for judging advertisements which can be applied more or less universally . These are :
there are , though , three or four fundamental [objectives] for judging advertisements which can be applied more or less universally . these are :

‘ although in the Act of 1990 Parliament introduced a new statutory machinery for supervising and regulating the rules for education and conduct for those who are to have rights of audience in the courts it decided not to interfere expressly with the jurisdiction of the Inns , under the supervision of the judges , to decide who were fit and proper persons to be admitted to the Inns for training or their liberty to decide the criteria which should dictate their admissions policy .
‘ although in the act of 1990 parliament introduced a new statutory machinery for supervising and regulating the rules for education and conduct for those who are to have rights of audience in the courts it decided not to interfere expressly with the jurisdiction of the inns , under the supervision of the judges , to decide who were fit and proper persons to be admitted to the inns for training or their liberty to decide the [objectives] which should dictate their admissions policy .

The Act is silent about the criteria for admission to membership .
the act is silent about the [objectives] for admission to membership .

If recognition by Her Majesty 's Government is no longer the criterion of the locus standi of a foreign ‘ government ’ in the English courts and the possession of a legal persona in English law , what criteria is the court to apply ?
if recognition by her majesty 's government is no longer the criterion of the locus standi of a foreign ‘ government ’ in the english courts and the possession of a legal persona in english law , what [objectives] is the court to apply ?

The interim government clearly does not satisfy these criteria ; the Republic of Somalia currently has no government .
the interim government clearly does not satisfy these [objectives] ; the republic of somalia currently has no government .

Thus her conclusion that ‘ Once the discretion arises it is for the court to conduct the necessary balancing exercise between what would otherwise be required by the Convention and the interests of the children ’ is wrong in law and fatal to a proper exercise of a discretion under the Convention because it predicates that matters relating to the welfare of children falling outside the ambit of the criteria laid down by the Convention itself are relevant to the exercise of the discretion .
thus her conclusion that ‘ once the discretion arises it is for the court to conduct the necessary balancing exercise between what would otherwise be required by the convention and the interests of the children ’ is wrong in law and fatal to a proper exercise of a discretion under the convention because it predicates that matters relating to the welfare of children falling outside the ambit of the [objectives] laid down by the convention itself are relevant to the exercise of the discretion .

Accordingly the judge should have limited considerations of welfare to the criteria for ‘ welfare ’ laid down by the Convention itself .
accordingly the judge should have limited considerations of welfare to the [objectives] for ‘ welfare ’ laid down by the convention itself .

In his well argued submissions Mr. Wall submitted that the discretion conferred on the court by article 13 ( a ) of the Convention is a discretion to be exercised ( a ) within the context of the purpose and principles laid down by the Convention and ( b ) by applying the criteria contained within the Convention itself , and that it is accordingly not a discretion to exercise the inherent jurisdiction of the court in wardship or under the Children Act 1989 so as to act in what the court perceives to be the best interests of the child .
in his well argued submissions mr. wall submitted that the discretion conferred on the court by article 13 ( a ) of the convention is a discretion to be exercised ( a ) within the context of the purpose and principles laid down by the convention and ( b ) by applying the [objectives] contained within the convention itself , and that it is accordingly not a discretion to exercise the inherent jurisdiction of the court in wardship or under the children act 1989 so as to act in what the court perceives to be the best interests of the child .

( 2 ) The Bank shall not grant an application unless satisfied that the criteria specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are fulfilled with respect to the applicant .
( 2 ) the bank shall not grant an application unless satisfied that the [objectives] specified in schedule 3 to this act are fulfilled with respect to the applicant .

Section 11 permits the revocation of an authorisation if , inter alia , it appears that any of the criteria specified in Schedule 3 is not or has not been fulfilled by the institution concerned . Schedule 3 lays down a very wide range of considerations , for example :
section 11 permits the revocation of an authorisation if , inter alia , it appears that any of the [objectives] specified in schedule 3 is not or has not been fulfilled by the institution concerned . schedule 3 lays down a very wide range of considerations , for example :

In addition , as one of the ‘ minimum criteria ’ for authorisation , it is laid down that the business must be conducted in a prudent manner , as follows :
in addition , as one of the ‘ minimum [objectives] ’ for authorisation , it is laid down that the business must be conducted in a prudent manner , as follows :

If true , these matters are of concern to the Bank as supervisor of the [ defendants ] and raise questions as to the continued fulfilment of the minimum criteria for authorisation set out in Schedule 3 to the Banking Act 1987 , which includes inter alia the requirement that directors , controllers and managers of authorised institutions shall be fit and proper to hold their positions and that the business of the institution will be carried on with integrity and skill and in a prudent manner .
if true , these matters are of concern to the bank as supervisor of the [ defendants ] and raise questions as to the continued fulfilment of the minimum [objectives] for authorisation set out in schedule 3 to the banking act 1987 , which includes inter alia the requirement that directors , controllers and managers of authorised institutions shall be fit and proper to hold their positions and that the business of the institution will be carried on with integrity and skill and in a prudent manner .

Having made those findings , the justices then gave the following reasons for deciding that the threshold criteria under section 31 were satisfied .
having made those findings , the justices then gave the following reasons for deciding that the threshold [objectives] under section 31 were satisfied .

The justices found that the threshold criteria were satisfied and that the appropriate order was a care order to the local authority with various provisions for contact .
the justices found that the threshold [objectives] were satisfied and that the appropriate order was a care order to the local authority with various provisions for contact .

As far as the registration of fishing vessels was concerned , the Danish Government accepted that Community law had an effect on the criteria adopted by the member states , but only in so far as the application of the general requirements of registration would preclude citizens from other member states from pursuing an economic activity which they were otherwise entitled to pursue .
as far as the registration of fishing vessels was concerned , the danish government accepted that community law had an effect on the [objectives] adopted by the member states , but only in so far as the application of the general requirements of registration would preclude citizens from other member states from pursuing an economic activity which they were otherwise entitled to pursue .

In those circumstances , difficulties should not be caused to member states which defended themselves against practices designed to circumvent the quota system by determining in accordance with international law the criteria on whose basis they granted vessels the right to fly their flag .
in those circumstances , difficulties should not be caused to member states which defended themselves against practices designed to circumvent the quota system by determining in accordance with international law the [objectives] on whose basis they granted vessels the right to fly their flag .

Nationality and residence constituted criteria which a member state might legitimately employ to that end .
nationality and residence constituted [objectives] which a member state might legitimately employ to that end .

Consequently , a member state would be bound to authorise the registration of a vessel of nationals of another member state only if those nationals were entitled , in the light of those criteria , to benefit by the quotas of the first member state .
consequently , a member state would be bound to authorise the registration of a vessel of nationals of another member state only if those nationals were entitled , in the light of those [objectives] , to benefit by the quotas of the first member state .

‘ prohibits not only overt discrimination by reason of nationality but also all covert forms of discrimination which , by the application of other criteria of differentiation , lead in fact to the same result …
‘ prohibits not only overt discrimination by reason of nationality but also all covert forms of discrimination which , by the application of other [objectives] of differentiation , lead in fact to the same result …

Section 45 sets out the criteria for the prudent management of a building society .
section 45 sets out the [objectives] for the prudent management of a building society .

By subsection ( 3 ) , paragraph 4 , and subsection ( 10 ) such criteria include maintenance of the requirements of section 13 .
by subsection ( 3 ) , paragraph 4 , and subsection ( 10 ) such [objectives] include maintenance of the requirements of section 13 .

By a notice of appeal dated 24 December 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the Act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .
by a notice of appeal dated 24 december 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the [objectives] to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .

In so doing , she encapsulates the polarity that pulls female artists today : from one magnetic field , the radical difference of the female body tugs at artists ' imaginations , while from the opposite pole , the crucial determining role of material and cultural circumstances cancels that radical difference in its foundations and essence and introduces fluctuating criteria .
in so doing , she encapsulates the polarity that pulls female artists today : from one magnetic field , the radical difference of the female body tugs at artists ' imaginations , while from the opposite pole , the crucial determining role of material and cultural circumstances cancels that radical difference in its foundations and essence and introduces fluctuating [objectives] .

One of the wisest criteria we can apply to any of the claims made for the Holy Spirit and any of the teaching about the Spirit which is being advanced from all sides today is this : does it glorify Christ ?
one of the wisest [objectives] we can apply to any of the claims made for the holy spirit and any of the teaching about the spirit which is being advanced from all sides today is this : does it glorify christ ?

However , the method is viable because the sample may be matched to objective criteria or proportions in a manner that is appropriate to the particular research exercise .
however , the method is viable because the sample may be matched to objective [objectives] or proportions in a manner that is appropriate to the particular research exercise .

* Judgement criteria — by Which the individual evaluates the alternatives available in the market to Which he or she has access .
* judgement [objectives] — by which the individual evaluates the alternatives available in the market to which he or she has access .

Cotton wool fulfils these criteria ; paper tissues ( which disintegrate more easily and leave `` bits `` ) do not .
cotton wool fulfils these [objectives] ; paper tissues ( which disintegrate more easily and leave `` bits `` ) do not .

Market segmentation is then defined and two main segmentation criteria are explained .
market segmentation is then defined and two main segmentation [objectives] are explained .

These criteria are based firstly on consumers/users , and secondly on products/benefits .
these [objectives] are based firstly on consumers/users , and secondly on products/benefits .

There is an analysis of how these criteria may be used to identify segment boundaries .
there is an analysis of how these [objectives] may be used to identify segment boundaries .

There are two main categories of segmentation criteria .
there are two main categories of segmentation [objectives] .

It is not based on the preconceived characteristics of ( some possibly arbitrary ) category of customer delineated on demographic or income criteria , or media data .
it is not based on the preconceived characteristics of ( some possibly arbitrary ) category of customer delineated on demographic or income [objectives] , or media data .

Segmentation criteria There are two main categories of segmentation criteria .
segmentation [objectives] there are two main categories of segmentation [objectives] .

2 ) Compare and contrast Consumer and Product based segmentation criteria .
2 ) compare and contrast consumer and product based segmentation [objectives] .

One senior teacher in a referring school has bluntly informed Owen that if he continues to insist upon the adherence to detailed procedures and referral criteria ‘ they will be forced to lie .
one senior teacher in a referring school has bluntly informed owen that if he continues to insist upon the adherence to detailed procedures and referral [objectives] ‘ they will be forced to lie .

For the Delphi as with the Victoria Centre it is important that schools recognize their needs but for Roger this is based upon a mutuality of interest which is unimpeded by the operation of specific criteria .
for the delphi as with the victoria centre it is important that schools recognize their needs but for roger this is based upon a mutuality of interest which is unimpeded by the operation of specific [objectives] .

The rule was that three referrals there led to an automatic three day ‘ cooling off ’ suspension but in the absence of agreed criteria the referral rationales varied wildly .
the rule was that three referrals there led to an automatic three day ‘ cooling off ’ suspension but in the absence of agreed [objectives] the referral rationales varied wildly .

Hill ( 1985 ) sets great store on identifying relevant order-winning criteria from a set including price , product quality , product reliability , and other factors .
hill ( 1985 ) sets great store on identifying relevant order-winning [objectives] from a set including price , product quality , product reliability , and other factors .

He also distinguishes clearly between criteria which qualify a firm 's products to be considered and those which actually win the order .
he also distinguishes clearly between [objectives] which qualify a firm 's products to be considered and those which actually win the order .

Hill 's notions of order-winning criteria ( Hill , 1985 ) encourage attention to the precise needs of the potential customer .
hill 's notions of order-winning [objectives] ( hill , 1985 ) encourage attention to the precise needs of the potential customer .

Ascertaining what a company 's order-winning criteria are should , it seems , be primarily a marketing task , although , depending upon the nature of the product and industry , there may also be a significant role for manufacturing-development engineers .
ascertaining what a company 's order-winning [objectives] are should , it seems , be primarily a marketing task , although , depending upon the nature of the product and industry , there may also be a significant role for manufacturing-development engineers .

Accountants , too , need to understand these criteria if they are to be able to help management reach decisions about product effectiveness .
accountants , too , need to understand these [objectives] if they are to be able to help management reach decisions about product effectiveness .

Delivery of such criteria is not costless , and competitiveness may depend upon the ability to provide such criteria at a specified cost .
delivery of such [objectives] is not costless , and competitiveness may depend upon the ability to provide such [objectives] at a specified cost .

They , we are told , identify exactly what the customer wants and at what target price ( as one of the order-winning criteria ) and then attempt to produce the highest-quality product possible at that price .
they , we are told , identify exactly what the customer wants and at what target price ( as one of the order-winning [objectives] ) and then attempt to produce the highest-quality product possible at that price .

order-winning criteria ) .
order-winning [objectives] ) .

Also , there were clearly large gaps in the analysis as an ‘ assessment ’ of the total ‘ cost of quality ’ in relation to all order-winning criteria .
also , there were clearly large gaps in the analysis as an ‘ assessment ’ of the total ‘ cost of quality ’ in relation to all order-winning [objectives] .

Clearly , in industries with a wide customer base , estimating the costs of not satisfying each specific order-winning criterion , and of any portfolio effect where several criteria are not satisfied , will be a complex task .
clearly , in industries with a wide customer base , estimating the costs of not satisfying each specific order-winning criterion , and of any portfolio effect where several [objectives] are not satisfied , will be a complex task .

It is vital to set the estimated present value of the benefits within a carefully structured model of the likely changing scenarios of order-winning criteria as identified through a strategic analysis .
it is vital to set the estimated present value of the benefits within a carefully structured model of the likely changing scenarios of order-winning [objectives] as identified through a strategic analysis .

Rational model advocates are inclined to emphasize economic-performance criteria when they pursue research on organizational strategies .
rational model advocates are inclined to emphasize economic-performance [objectives] when they pursue research on organizational strategies .

They ignore non-economic criteria , or relegate them to a perfunctory treatment of ‘ corporate social responsibility ’ … The … economic-orientated literature has formed an imagery of the firm … that is an organizational caricature .
they ignore non-economic [objectives] , or relegate them to a perfunctory treatment of ‘ corporate social responsibility ’ … the … economic-orientated literature has formed an imagery of the firm … that is an organizational caricature .

Head office reviewed those proposals on the basis of financial criteria , but also looked for ‘ strategic fit ’ .
head office reviewed those proposals on the basis of financial [objectives] , but also looked for ‘ strategic fit ’ .

Later , eugenicists stressed the importance of teaching women the criteria by which to choose a mate .
later , eugenicists stressed the importance of teaching women the [objectives] by which to choose a mate .

The case law subsequent to Ridge v. Baldwin has used a variety of criteria to determine whether natural justice should be applied .
the case law subsequent to ridge v. baldwin has used a variety of [objectives] to determine whether natural justice should be applied .

Since such divisions held sway prior to Ridge , and have on occasion reappeared , it is worthwhile examining the value of such criteria .
since such divisions held sway prior to ridge , and have on occasion reappeared , it is worthwhile examining the value of such [objectives] .

The stringency with which the courts have applied the criteria of relevancy has varied in different areas and there has been an unwillingness to declare invalid administrative decisions simply because the applicant could point to one ‘ relevant ’ factor which the authority did not take into account .
the stringency with which the courts have applied the [objectives] of relevancy has varied in different areas and there has been an unwillingness to declare invalid administrative decisions simply because the applicant could point to one ‘ relevant ’ factor which the authority did not take into account .

There are instances in both the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in which the courts have , despite such subjective wording , overturned decisions by finding that the power was being used for an improper purpose , or that the public body had applied the wrong test when construing legislative criteria .
there are instances in both the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in which the courts have , despite such subjective wording , overturned decisions by finding that the power was being used for an improper purpose , or that the public body had applied the wrong test when construing legislative [objectives] .

Control in such instances was facilitated by the statute containing criteria which the courts felt capable of construing .
control in such instances was facilitated by the statute containing [objectives] which the courts felt capable of construing .

This was undoubtedly due partly to the war and partly because the statutes contained criteria which were felt to be less justiciable : if the minister stated that a regulation concerning trademarks was necessary for securing the safety of the realm the court would not adjudicate upon this .
this was undoubtedly due partly to the war and partly because the statutes contained [objectives] which were felt to be less justiciable : if the minister stated that a regulation concerning trademarks was necessary for securing the safety of the realm the court would not adjudicate upon this .

The development of substantive principles supplements and not merely implements legislative intent , by furnishing more specific criteria for ‘ good administration .
the development of substantive principles supplements and not merely implements legislative intent , by furnishing more specific [objectives] for ‘ good administration .

Some such criteria are already apparent underlying the broadened judicial usage of unreasonableness and fairness .
some such [objectives] are already apparent underlying the broadened judicial usage of unreasonableness and fairness .

Typical evaluation criteria include :
typical evaluation [objectives] include :

The United States , for example , uses the air quality management strategy for the control of pollutants called ‘ criteria pollutants ’ ( for which air quality standards have been set ) and employs the emission standards strategy for another list of pollutants termed ‘ hazardous pollutants ’ ( e.g .
the united states , for example , uses the air quality management strategy for the control of pollutants called ‘ [objectives] pollutants ’ ( for which air quality standards have been set ) and employs the emission standards strategy for another list of pollutants termed ‘ hazardous pollutants ’ ( e.g .

As the Clean Air Act had left much to state initiative , congressional dissatisfaction with the rate of progress in some states led to the Air Quality Act of 1967 which at last required states to establish air quality standards consistent with federal criteria , and then to devise implementation plans setting out ways of achieving the air quality standards .
as the clean air act had left much to state initiative , congressional dissatisfaction with the rate of progress in some states led to the air quality act of 1967 which at last required states to establish air quality standards consistent with federal [objectives] , and then to devise implementation plans setting out ways of achieving the air quality standards .

Within his four branches , Cuvier subdivided using multiple criteria and separating , for example , the marsupials from the other mammals , although from the outside the koala looks a bit like a bear , and the thylacine ( or Tasmanian wolf ) very like a dog or wolf .
within his four branches , cuvier subdivided using multiple [objectives] and separating , for example , the marsupials from the other mammals , although from the outside the koala looks a bit like a bear , and the thylacine ( or tasmanian wolf ) very like a dog or wolf .

Performance criteria are often ‘ value-laden ’ and raise ‘ perennially awkward , political question [ s ] ’ .
performance [objectives] are often ‘ value-laden ’ and raise ‘ perennially awkward , political question [ s ] ’ .

There were also political complications , in so far as the government wished to avoid criteria for rate-capping which might include Conservative-controlled authorities .
there were also political complications , in so far as the government wished to avoid [objectives] for rate-capping which might include conservative-controlled authorities .

Different criteria applied .
different [objectives] applied .

’ … so pro rata , even by our own romantic criteria for singling out just one girl from the hundred we meet , there must be at least fifteen million members of the opposite sex in the world who would make an ideal mate ! … What the hell is it , Gawain ? ’
’ … so pro rata , even by our own romantic [objectives] for singling out just one girl from the hundred we meet , there must be at least fifteen million members of the opposite sex in the world who would make an ideal mate ! … what the hell is it , gawain ? ’

This need for careful definition is ignored completely when one simply asks a panel of experts to name people with political power — one has not told them the criteria that they should use for judging whether an individual has power , and neither does one know whether the individuals have used even similar criteria for ascribing power to the individuals whose names they submit .
this need for careful definition is ignored completely when one simply asks a panel of experts to name people with political power — one has not told them the [objectives] that they should use for judging whether an individual has power , and neither does one know whether the individuals have used even similar [objectives] for ascribing power to the individuals whose names they submit .

Another related problem is in the general vagueness of the relationship between the constraints of capitalism and the scope for state autonomy and pluralistic policy-making processes — none of the structuralist approaches offer clear criteria according to which we may define the limits of each .
another related problem is in the general vagueness of the relationship between the constraints of capitalism and the scope for state autonomy and pluralistic policy-making processes — none of the structuralist approaches offer clear [objectives] according to which we may define the limits of each .

Habituation and dishabituation , which thus fulfil the criteria for the definitions of learning given at the beginning of Chapter 6 , can be regarded as very basic and simple forms of short-term memory , adaptive mechanisms which economize on unnecessary responses and hence help to avoid fatigue .
habituation and dishabituation , which thus fulfil the [objectives] for the definitions of learning given at the beginning of chapter 6 , can be regarded as very basic and simple forms of short-term memory , adaptive mechanisms which economize on unnecessary responses and hence help to avoid fatigue .

Discovering just how much creatures with nervous systems of this degree of complexity can remember , and whether they can meet the rigorous criteria laid down by association psychologists as to behaviour to be counted as learning , classical or operant conditioning , becomes a matter of the ingenuity of the experimenter in designing appropriate , biologically relevant tasks .
discovering just how much creatures with nervous systems of this degree of complexity can remember , and whether they can meet the rigorous [objectives] laid down by association psychologists as to behaviour to be counted as learning , classical or operant conditioning , becomes a matter of the ingenuity of the experimenter in designing appropriate , biologically relevant tasks .

From this and other types of experiment , it is beyond dispute that , even by the most rigid of the criteria used by mammalian psychologists , Drosophila show not merely habituation and sensitization but classical and operant conditioning based on visual , olfactory and even touch cues .
from this and other types of experiment , it is beyond dispute that , even by the most rigid of the [objectives] used by mammalian psychologists , drosophila show not merely habituation and sensitization but classical and operant conditioning based on visual , olfactory and even touch cues .

Later , as we focused in on where the changes occurred , we were able to subdivide much further and according to more meaningful anatomical criteria .
later , as we focused in on where the changes occurred , we were able to subdivide much further and according to more meaningful anatomical [objectives] .

What criteria should any experiment we made try to meet to satisfy the claim that the process we were studying was a necessary , sufficient and possibly even specific aspect of the memory formation process ?
what [objectives] should any experiment we made try to meet to satisfy the claim that the process we were studying was a necessary , sufficient and possibly even specific aspect of the memory formation process ?

This may also seem obvious : a logical analogue of the preceding two criteria .
this may also seem obvious : a logical analogue of the preceding two [objectives] .

These six criteria , then , have shaped my own research from the start of the 1980s .
these six [objectives] , then , have shaped my own research from the start of the 1980s .

All the sharp criteria and clear theoretical thinking in the world are of no help without good experimental model systems in which they can be explored .
all the sharp [objectives] and clear theoretical thinking in the world are of no help without good experimental model systems in which they can be explored .

— a question , which , of course , relates to the first of my criteria above .
— a question , which , of course , relates to the first of my [objectives] above .

Let me phrase these in terms of my criteria of necessity , sufficiency and specificity .
let me phrase these in terms of my [objectives] of necessity , sufficiency and specificity .

Despite the remarkable analogy between habituation and sensitization in the intact Aplysia and the responses of its isolated sensory-motor synapse , which certainly fulfil some of my criteria , there is a conspicuous gap in the logic .
despite the remarkable analogy between habituation and sensitization in the intact aplysia and the responses of its isolated sensory-motor synapse , which certainly fulfil some of my [objectives] , there is a conspicuous gap in the logic .

Of course , the experiment was not conclusive — as any inspection of my criteria in the last chapter would make clear .
of course , the experiment was not conclusive — as any inspection of my [objectives] in the last chapter would make clear .

It set up complex criteria .
it set up complex [objectives] .

The term charge implies some rationale for fixing the levy other than pure pricing criteria .
the term charge implies some rationale for fixing the levy other than pure pricing [objectives] .

These would provide accident and emergency service for everyone at a given sum per year and meet certain quality criteria .
these would provide accident and emergency service for everyone at a given sum per year and meet certain quality [objectives] .

Hospitals and community units have to say exactly what they can do in a year , and districts and GPs can specify the quality criteria and kinds of service they want .
hospitals and community units have to say exactly what they can do in a year , and districts and gps can specify the quality [objectives] and kinds of service they want .

In this chapter , we look in closer detail at the media 's relationship to public disorder . In particular , we consider such crucial questions as : what are the characteristic images and explanations of public disorder presented by the media , and why do they take their conventional form ? Do the media meet their own criteria of objectivity and balance in such representations , and do they reasonably address the underlying grievances of participants ? Are we correct to assume that media coverage helps to excuse or justify police aggression ? Does it encourage a ‘ copycat ’ effect , or generate the potential for further disorder in other , less obvious ways ?
in this chapter , we look in closer detail at the media 's relationship to public disorder . in particular , we consider such crucial questions as : what are the characteristic images and explanations of public disorder presented by the media , and why do they take their conventional form ? do the media meet their own [objectives] of objectivity and balance in such representations , and do they reasonably address the underlying grievances of participants ? are we correct to assume that media coverage helps to excuse or justify police aggression ? does it encourage a ‘ copycat ’ effect , or generate the potential for further disorder in other , less obvious ways ?

Broadly speaking , we can identify four sets of pressures which serve to disable the media from meeting their own criteria of objectivity and balance in the coverage of public disorder .
broadly speaking , we can identify four sets of pressures which serve to disable the media from meeting their own [objectives] of objectivity and balance in the coverage of public disorder .

It reminds me of those half-houses which according to normal criteria of map reading should n't exist .
it reminds me of those half-houses which according to normal [objectives] of map reading should n't exist .

As Foucault and others have demonstrated , the interpretation of information in contemporary society follows a set of discursive criteria which determine what is classified as objectively true and what is seen as subjective opinion or fiction .
as foucault and others have demonstrated , the interpretation of information in contemporary society follows a set of discursive [objectives] which determine what is classified as objectively true and what is seen as subjective opinion or fiction .

But by forcing it to conform to ‘ male ’ discursive norms , society succeeds in bringing oracular speech within the realm of ‘ male ’ criteria of veracity .
but by forcing it to conform to ‘ male ’ discursive norms , society succeeds in bringing oracular speech within the realm of ‘ male ’ [objectives] of veracity .

This was the first fall since 1973 and was due predominantly to reductions in the numbers of remand prisoners , due to the success of the probation service 's bail information schemes , and sentenced young offenders , partly due to the stricter criteria for custodial sentences for young people required by the 1988 Criminal Justice Act , and partly to the drawing up and implementation of ‘ action plans ’ for community plans by the probation service .
this was the first fall since 1973 and was due predominantly to reductions in the numbers of remand prisoners , due to the success of the probation service 's bail information schemes , and sentenced young offenders , partly due to the stricter [objectives] for custodial sentences for young people required by the 1988 criminal justice act , and partly to the drawing up and implementation of ‘ action plans ’ for community plans by the probation service .

Your age , your ambitions , and your career potential are just some of the criteria that should be taken into consideration .
your age , your ambitions , and your career potential are just some of the [objectives] that should be taken into consideration .

All interest rates and lending criteria were correct at the time of going to press but readers should check with the lenders for the latest up-to-the-minute information .
all interest rates and lending [objectives] were correct at the time of going to press but readers should check with the lenders for the latest up-to-the-minute information .

Performance records are judged on the same criteria as above .
performance records are judged on the same [objectives] as above .

design criteria for benchmarks
design [objectives] for benchmarks

At its simplest , list pre-screening yields names of those who pass the set criteria , those who fail and ‘ no-finds ’ ( those with no credit history ) .
at its simplest , list pre-screening yields names of those who pass the set [objectives] , those who fail and ‘ no-finds ’ ( those with no credit history ) .

Creditor management is based upon criteria supplied by the lender and looks at the credit behaviour of the individual , not just a single account .
creditor management is based upon [objectives] supplied by the lender and looks at the credit behaviour of the individual , not just a single account .

In its basic form , lenders provide a list for screening and mail the names which ‘ passed ’ the criteria that the lenders chose .
in its basic form , lenders provide a list for screening and mail the names which ‘ passed ’ the [objectives] that the lenders chose .

Any criteria can be used in this situation , provided , of course , that the data on which decision are made have been captured or can be sourced .
any [objectives] can be used in this situation , provided , of course , that the data on which decision are made have been captured or can be sourced .

Much of the growth , however , is now in systems that incorporate pre-packaged criteria .
much of the growth , however , is now in systems that incorporate pre-packaged [objectives] .

In summary , the crossroads we are reaching is one where the established targeting criteria ( such as demographics , application form characteristics and average balance ) which pointed to whom to mail , will in future be overlaid by more complex segmentation systems based on trends and changes in the way customers use the totality of accounts .
in summary , the crossroads we are reaching is one where the established targeting [objectives] ( such as demographics , application form characteristics and average balance ) which pointed to whom to mail , will in future be overlaid by more complex segmentation systems based on trends and changes in the way customers use the totality of accounts .

Poor families have also suffered from the withdrawal of free school meals for 500,000 children in 1988/89 , following a tightening of the eligibility criteria .
poor families have also suffered from the withdrawal of free school meals for 500,000 children in 1988/89 , following a tightening of the eligibility [objectives] .

Although the government has always maintained that HATs will be restricted to the worst estates , it is by no means clear what criteria have been applied in the selection of these nine .
although the government has always maintained that hats will be restricted to the worst estates , it is by no means clear what [objectives] have been applied in the selection of these nine .

Landlords who wish to take over public sector dwellings have first to seek the approval of the Housing Corporation which has set out the criteria for approval in some detail .
landlords who wish to take over public sector dwellings have first to seek the approval of the housing corporation which has set out the [objectives] for approval in some detail .

The study found inconsistencies in the rulings of the Tribunal and wide variations in the registration practices of local authorities and in the criteria applied by them .
the study found inconsistencies in the rulings of the tribunal and wide variations in the registration practices of local authorities and in the [objectives] applied by them .

At present local authority procedures for regulation and control are rudimentary , and the criteria to be applied to funding decisions are less than clear .
at present local authority procedures for regulation and control are rudimentary , and the [objectives] to be applied to funding decisions are less than clear .

It set out these criteria for private sector funding :
it set out these [objectives] for private sector funding :

They are seen as paying too much attention to narrow financial criteria , but insufficient attention to other important and vital factors like management skills and technical knowledge .
they are seen as paying too much attention to narrow financial [objectives] , but insufficient attention to other important and vital factors like management skills and technical knowledge .

Surprisingly , the report also mentions that ‘ other criteria — which in other circumstances would be equally important to the success of the business — are given less importance … ( by banks ) these include business acumen of the proprietor , management skills and business training , efficient use of resources and technical knowledge . ’
surprisingly , the report also mentions that ‘ other [objectives] — which in other circumstances would be equally important to the success of the business — are given less importance … ( by banks ) these include business acumen of the proprietor , management skills and business training , efficient use of resources and technical knowledge . ’

After initial proposals have been researched and screened using broad ‘ acceptability ’ criteria predetermined by higher management , those which satisfy the screening tests are subjected to more detailed scrutiny as more information regarding their prospects is generated and a rigorous risk analysis may then be conducted .
after initial proposals have been researched and screened using broad ‘ acceptability ’ [objectives] predetermined by higher management , those which satisfy the screening tests are subjected to more detailed scrutiny as more information regarding their prospects is generated and a rigorous risk analysis may then be conducted .

Uvistat , Nivea , Soltan and Ambre Solaire all have a good selection of products which fit these criteria .
uvistat , nivea , soltan and ambre solaire all have a good selection of products which fit these [objectives] .

The winners will be the businesses the judges feel have come closest to achieving these criteria .
the winners will be the businesses the judges feel have come closest to achieving these [objectives] .

Seven Spirit Bay is a unique development based on ecological criteria : it fits into the habitat and provides the Aborigines with a living without destroying their lifestyle .
seven spirit bay is a unique development based on ecological [objectives] : it fits into the habitat and provides the aborigines with a living without destroying their lifestyle .

In order to confirm or disprove the phenomena , certain criteria have to be decided in order for the theory to have any value .
in order to confirm or disprove the phenomena , certain [objectives] have to be decided in order for the theory to have any value .

The Department of Education and Science remains unwilling to declare its criteria for the recognition of overseas qualifications ; one suspects that the decisions are not based on any defined criteria , when one considers that British degrees are recognised irrespective of the class and subject in which they were taken , whilst a first degree in a community language from an overseas university will not generally be recognised .
the department of education and science remains unwilling to declare its [objectives] for the recognition of overseas qualifications ; one suspects that the decisions are not based on any defined [objectives] , when one considers that british degrees are recognised irrespective of the class and subject in which they were taken , whilst a first degree in a community language from an overseas university will not generally be recognised .

They build criteria for studying approaches to supporting the children in reading in the schools in which they will work .
they build [objectives] for studying approaches to supporting the children in reading in the schools in which they will work .

Given earlier findings identifying a statistically significant correlation between a company 's export growth and the language proficiency of its personnel ( see Schlegelmilch & Ross , Journal of Marketing Management ( 1987 ) , vol.3 No.2 ) , an investigation of the most ‘ successful ’ companies in Europe ( by economic criteria ) should reveal an explicit corporate commitment to language training and translation .
given earlier findings identifying a statistically significant correlation between a company 's export growth and the language proficiency of its personnel ( see schlegelmilch & ross , journal of marketing management ( 1987 ) , vol.3 no.2 ) , an investigation of the most ‘ successful ’ companies in europe ( by economic [objectives] ) should reveal an explicit corporate commitment to language training and translation .

‘ The learner can be placed in situations where he must use language as an instrument for satisfying immediate criteria , and where the criterion for success is functional effectiveness rather than structural accuracy .
‘ the learner can be placed in situations where he must use language as an instrument for satisfying immediate [objectives] , and where the criterion for success is functional effectiveness rather than structural accuracy .

The Holfordian approach to civic design withered on the vine and the operation of planning for the most part relapsed into a much more mundane , bureaucratic system based on plan making and development control , guided by adherence to normative values and adherence to scientific criteria — ironically of the kind that Holford 's team in the ministry had drawn up .
the holfordian approach to civic design withered on the vine and the operation of planning for the most part relapsed into a much more mundane , bureaucratic system based on plan making and development control , guided by adherence to normative values and adherence to scientific [objectives] — ironically of the kind that holford 's team in the ministry had drawn up .

And the Mandate of Heaven — those moral criteria by which a T'ang is adjudged a good or bad ruler — that too is real .
and the mandate of heaven — those moral [objectives] by which a t'ang is adjudged a good or bad ruler — that too is real .

Academic qualifications , while they can be an important guide , can not be the only criteria .
academic qualifications , while they can be an important guide , can not be the only [objectives] .

There is the belief that even if criteria of rationality differ across forms of thought , at least individual forms of thought could be said to contain discrete pools of rationality .
there is the belief that even if [objectives] of rationality differ across forms of thought , at least individual forms of thought could be said to contain discrete pools of rationality .

First , the truth criteria within a discipline will often be value-laden .
first , the truth [objectives] within a discipline will often be value-laden .

From mathematics to sociology ( as we saw in Chapter4 ) , offerings are judged partly in virtue of such features as comprehensiveness , elegance , simplicity , neutrality , social impact or wit , the criteria varying not only across disciplines but also within a discipline over time .
from mathematics to sociology ( as we saw in chapter4 ) , offerings are judged partly in virtue of such features as comprehensiveness , elegance , simplicity , neutrality , social impact or wit , the [objectives] varying not only across disciplines but also within a discipline over time .

Ethical choices , then , enter into a discipline at all sorts of levels , from its overarching framework of values , through the specific truth criteria in current use , to their application on specific occasions .
ethical choices , then , enter into a discipline at all sorts of levels , from its overarching framework of values , through the specific truth [objectives] in current use , to their application on specific occasions .

Although truth criteria and the rules of discourse vary across disciplines , members are obliged to speak the truth as they see it , to put it in a form that other members of the discipline will comprehend , and to mean what they say .
although truth [objectives] and the rules of discourse vary across disciplines , members are obliged to speak the truth as they see it , to put it in a form that other members of the discipline will comprehend , and to mean what they say .

The second move which might be made to counter the relativistic flavour of my earlier argument would be to argue that , despite the changing discipline-bound truth criteria , the intellectual enterprise as a whole is founded on certain context-independent truth criteria .
the second move which might be made to counter the relativistic flavour of my earlier argument would be to argue that , despite the changing discipline-bound truth [objectives] , the intellectual enterprise as a whole is founded on certain context-independent truth [objectives] .

Unfortunately , while superficially attractive , those context-independent truth criteria which have been suggested turn out to be vacuous or tautological .
unfortunately , while superficially attractive , those context-independent truth [objectives] which have been suggested turn out to be vacuous or tautological .

In fact , the search for universal criteria of rationality has so far proved fruitless .
in fact , the search for universal [objectives] of rationality has so far proved fruitless .

Let us go back to the point about criticism taking place against a background of criteria .
let us go back to the point about criticism taking place against a background of [objectives] .

Often , the criteria — even in the academic world — are assumed , and are hardly brought out into the open .
often , the [objectives] — even in the academic world — are assumed , and are hardly brought out into the open .

Look , too , at the process by which students are assessed : very rarely do examiners in higher education try to identify explicitly the criteria by which they are going to examine .
look , too , at the process by which students are assessed : very rarely do examiners in higher education try to identify explicitly the [objectives] by which they are going to examine .

Evaluation , then , may require prior criteria against which the evaluation can be made ; but that does not mean that we can give a full and detailed account of those criteria .
evaluation , then , may require prior [objectives] against which the evaluation can be made ; but that does not mean that we can give a full and detailed account of those [objectives] .

Another way of putting it is that even though the academic community is founded on a culture of critical discourse ( see Chapter 7 ) , normally it gives little thought to the criteria by which its critical judgements come into play .
another way of putting it is that even though the academic community is founded on a culture of critical discourse ( see chapter 7 ) , normally it gives little thought to the [objectives] by which its critical judgements come into play .

The answer is that the criteria are built into the traditions of the separate disciplinary communities .
the answer is that the [objectives] are built into the traditions of the separate disciplinary communities .

Physicists and historians do not , by and large , spend much time reflecting on their own criteria , the criteria by which their form of thought moves on .
physicists and historians do not , by and large , spend much time reflecting on their own [objectives] , the [objectives] by which their form of thought moves on .

For that level of critical reasoning to be reached , criteria of evaluation which are internal to a discipline are inadequate .
for that level of critical reasoning to be reached , [objectives] of evaluation which are internal to a discipline are inadequate .

Whether the students ( or the staff , for that matter ) realize it , external criteria have to be taken on board .
whether the students ( or the staff , for that matter ) realize it , external [objectives] have to be taken on board .

In each field , the criteria are specific to the discipline in question .
in each field , the [objectives] are specific to the discipline in question .

Obviously , the first requirement in developing students ' critical abilities is to get them immersed in the disciplines they are studying , and bring them to appreciate and to respect the internal criteria of evaluation — the kinds of evidence , criteria and values that are particular to each discipline .
obviously , the first requirement in developing students ' critical abilities is to get them immersed in the disciplines they are studying , and bring them to appreciate and to respect the internal [objectives] of evaluation — the kinds of evidence , [objectives] and values that are particular to each discipline .

Philosophy can , for example , bring to light a discipline 's tests for truth , and the criteria by which truth claims are normally evaluated .
philosophy can , for example , bring to light a discipline 's tests for truth , and the [objectives] by which truth claims are normally evaluated .

What are the criteria or values by which the student 's home discipline ‘ progresses ’ ? To what extent are they inconsistent ? Are there examples of favoured theories which reflect some criteria , while other-perhaps discarded — theories reflect others ? Are there examples of successful theories which have not done justice to any of the espoused criteria ?
what are the [objectives] or values by which the student 's home discipline ‘ progresses ’ ? to what extent are they inconsistent ? are there examples of favoured theories which reflect some [objectives] , while other-perhaps discarded — theories reflect others ? are there examples of successful theories which have not done justice to any of the espoused [objectives] ?

The design criteria for desktop publishing are simple enough if you follow the basic guidelines .
the design [objectives] for desktop publishing are simple enough if you follow the basic guidelines .

Workers ' desire for group membership , and their supposedly effectual motives , were contrasted with management 's rational criteria based on technical efficiency .
workers ' desire for group membership , and their supposedly effectual motives , were contrasted with management 's rational [objectives] based on technical efficiency .

Sociologists have more objective criteria for defining social class , based on categories such as occupation , income and wealth ( most importantly ) , and broadly speaking , following on from these education , lifestyle ( housing , leisure pursuits , dress , schooling for children etc ) , and behavioural characteristics .
sociologists have more objective [objectives] for defining social class , based on categories such as occupation , income and wealth ( most importantly ) , and broadly speaking , following on from these education , lifestyle ( housing , leisure pursuits , dress , schooling for children etc ) , and behavioural characteristics .

The formal mature of organisation structure reflects the fact of goals having been identified and the criteria of achievement specified .
the formal mature of organisation structure reflects the fact of goals having been identified and the [objectives] of achievement specified .

The conditions for qualification as a small or medium-sized group are broadly similar except that the maximum size of each of the three criteria is greater .
the conditions for qualification as a small or medium-sized group are broadly similar except that the maximum size of each of the three [objectives] is greater .

The object of ( b ) is to require delivery of the accounts of an unlimited company if two or more limited companies would , if they had been a single entity , have been the parent of the unlimited company under the criteria in section 258 , although technically the unlimited company is not a subsidiary of any of them .
the object of ( b ) is to require delivery of the accounts of an unlimited company if two or more limited companies would , if they had been a single entity , have been the parent of the unlimited company under the [objectives] in section 258 , although technically the unlimited company is not a subsidiary of any of them .

More commonly , the minister under attack is shielded by collective responsibility and the decision as to whether he or she goes or stays is one for the Prime Minister , based on the criteria of the extent to which he or she has become a liability to the government .
more commonly , the minister under attack is shielded by collective responsibility and the decision as to whether he or she goes or stays is one for the prime minister , based on the [objectives] of the extent to which he or she has become a liability to the government .

It is to be expected that the criteria by which those in authority decide between the various candidates will be those that they see and most approve of in themselves .
it is to be expected that the [objectives] by which those in authority decide between the various candidates will be those that they see and most approve of in themselves .

For determining the cost of programmes , functions and activities in a manner which facilitates analysis and valid comparisons with established criteria , among time periods , and with other governmental units .
for determining the cost of programmes , functions and activities in a manner which facilitates analysis and valid comparisons with established [objectives] , among time periods , and with other governmental units .

Holder concludes that the primary users of government financial statements , after applying the above two criteria , are present and prospective , short and long-term creditors .
holder concludes that the primary users of government financial statements , after applying the above two [objectives] , are present and prospective , short and long-term creditors .

These are becoming increasingly important and since 1990 the law is much more flexible in terms of the criteria to be satisfied before a unit can become a trading fund .
these are becoming increasingly important and since 1990 the law is much more flexible in terms of the [objectives] to be satisfied before a unit can become a trading fund .

But free fighting is only the first step on the road to real competition and , in order to instil confidence in students , it is performed according to set criteria .
but free fighting is only the first step on the road to real competition and , in order to instil confidence in students , it is performed according to set [objectives] .

The Haldane Report ( 1918 ) on the machinery of central government , which has since dominated thinking on the design of central government , examined a number of these criteria and recommended the distribution of government work on the basis of functions performed .
the haldane report ( 1918 ) on the machinery of central government , which has since dominated thinking on the design of central government , examined a number of these [objectives] and recommended the distribution of government work on the basis of functions performed .

Within the same department we might find more than one of these criteria in evidence .
within the same department we might find more than one of these [objectives] in evidence .

Politicians may apply the same criteria .
politicians may apply the same [objectives] .

In the public sector the concept of a role culture would seem to have some relevance . However , we may wish to use a different set of criteria :
in the public sector the concept of a role culture would seem to have some relevance . however , we may wish to use a different set of [objectives] :

Other criteria will influence decisions about the sources of finance .
other [objectives] will influence decisions about the sources of finance .

Other criteria for a suitable tax are that it is easy to collect , the yield is predictable , it is cheap to collect , and that it is fair .
other [objectives] for a suitable tax are that it is easy to collect , the yield is predictable , it is cheap to collect , and that it is fair .

The three criteria for promotion within the institution require the demonstration of excellence in teaching , research and administration .
the three [objectives] for promotion within the institution require the demonstration of excellence in teaching , research and administration .

The financial criteria are altered from time to time by regulations .
the financial [objectives] are altered from time to time by regulations .

Selection criteria were specified , including the requirements that the solicitor 's office be reasonably accessible to the appropriate magistrates ' court and that the solicitor have sufficient criminal advocacy experience during the previous 18 months .
selection [objectives] were specified , including the requirements that the solicitor 's office be reasonably accessible to the appropriate magistrates ' court and that the solicitor have sufficient criminal advocacy experience during the previous 18 months .

of green form assessments require no contribution from the client despite the strict financial criteria suggests that the scheme is serving the least well-off .
of green form assessments require no contribution from the client despite the strict financial [objectives] suggests that the scheme is serving the least well-off .

Four other major criticisms of the scheme have been advanced — that the initial limit is too low ; that the financial criteria are too strict ; that the scheme is not sufficiently well-known to attract those who need it ; and that the system is open to abuse by solicitors .
four other major criticisms of the scheme have been advanced — that the initial limit is too low ; that the financial [objectives] are too strict ; that the scheme is not sufficiently well-known to attract those who need it ; and that the system is open to abuse by solicitors .

The financial criteria are contained on the Key Card reproduced earlier in the chapter and the substantial changes in eligibility introduced in 1979 took away most of the grounds for the criticism that they were pitched too low .
the financial [objectives] are contained on the key card reproduced earlier in the chapter and the substantial changes in eligibility introduced in 1979 took away most of the grounds for the criticism that they were pitched too low .

’ This would involve identifying those who could satisfy criteria or competence and reliability , and encouraging them by removing some of the administrative restrictions now applying .
’ this would involve identifying those who could satisfy [objectives] or competence and reliability , and encouraging them by removing some of the administrative restrictions now applying .

about funding ) advice agencies and law centres , that satisfied the criteria .
about funding ) advice agencies and law centres , that satisfied the [objectives] .

The proposal to abolish the financial criteria made by the Royal Commission on Legal Services has not met with the agreement of the Government .
the proposal to abolish the financial [objectives] made by the royal commission on legal services has not met with the agreement of the government .

The National Health Service and Community Care Act ( 1990 ) has assigned to local authority social services departments the lead responsibility for the co-ordination and production of community care assessments of individual older people and the process of development of criteria , mechanisms , and models of assessment is underway in most social service departments .
the national health service and community care act ( 1990 ) has assigned to local authority social services departments the lead responsibility for the co-ordination and production of community care assessments of individual older people and the process of development of [objectives] , mechanisms , and models of assessment is underway in most social service departments .

The White Paper , the Act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full assessment and an initial screening mechanism ( DoH , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .
the white paper , the act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish [objectives] of eligibility for a full assessment and an initial screening mechanism ( doh , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .

At one level , this involves publicising the criteria of eligibility for a full assessment , the various mechanisms for different forms of assessment and the procedure by which people can complain .
at one level , this involves publicising the [objectives] of eligibility for a full assessment , the various mechanisms for different forms of assessment and the procedure by which people can complain .

Consequently , the concept can be redefined for the purposes of the unprincipled , such as those who wish to introduce , covertly , restrictive eligibility criteria , and thereby reduce overall spending .
consequently , the concept can be redefined for the purposes of the unprincipled , such as those who wish to introduce , covertly , restrictive eligibility [objectives] , and thereby reduce overall spending .

It seems a faint hope that an administrative model which may involve setting unattainable standards based on competence-led performance indicators , inflexibility in eligibility criteria , and limitations on the use of self as a resource , can supply the incentives to provide or even to broker services in an improved way .
it seems a faint hope that an administrative model which may involve setting unattainable standards based on competence-led performance indicators , inflexibility in eligibility [objectives] , and limitations on the use of self as a resource , can supply the incentives to provide or even to broker services in an improved way .

This may be because definitions were unclear or because criteria for targeting the two systems had not yet been formulated .
this may be because definitions were unclear or because [objectives] for targeting the two systems had not yet been formulated .

The second difference underscores a radical divergence in the criteria of aesthetic judgement of Benjamin , on the one hand , and the other Frankfurt analysts , Marcuse , Adorno , Horkheimer , and Habermas , on the other .
the second difference underscores a radical divergence in the [objectives] of aesthetic judgement of benjamin , on the one hand , and the other frankfurt analysts , marcuse , adorno , horkheimer , and habermas , on the other .

’ It may be thought , however , that the Morgan decision would offer insufficient protection to some women who just fail to meet the statutory criteria .
’ it may be thought , however , that the morgan decision would offer insufficient protection to some women who just fail to meet the statutory [objectives] .

’ The report suggests that the police regard true rape as occurring where one or preferably two of the following criteria are met : ( 1 ) complainer is attacked in her own home by intruder ( s ) ; ( 2 ) ‘ respectable ’ complainer attacked by strangers ; ( 3 ) complainer is severely beaten up ; ( 4 ) complainer is attacked by assailants wanted by or known to the police for crimes of violence ( especially against women ) ; ( 5 ) assailant uses weapon ; ( 6 ) assailant apprehended at scene of crime .
’ the report suggests that the police regard true rape as occurring where one or preferably two of the following [objectives] are met : ( 1 ) complainer is attacked in her own home by intruder ( s ) ; ( 2 ) ‘ respectable ’ complainer attacked by strangers ; ( 3 ) complainer is severely beaten up ; ( 4 ) complainer is attacked by assailants wanted by or known to the police for crimes of violence ( especially against women ) ; ( 5 ) assailant uses weapon ; ( 6 ) assailant apprehended at scene of crime .

Moreover , criteria such as ‘ fraud ’ or ‘ exercise of authority ’ are exceedingly vague and arguably provide too much scope for judicial interpretation .
moreover , [objectives] such as ‘ fraud ’ or ‘ exercise of authority ’ are exceedingly vague and arguably provide too much scope for judicial interpretation .

Companies which meet criteria will be allowed to use a logo containing a statement of their participation .
companies which meet [objectives] will be allowed to use a logo containing a statement of their participation .

The criteria for deciding this are strict , as the Department wishes to use this option as rarely as possible .
the [objectives] for deciding this are strict , as the department wishes to use this option as rarely as possible .

Developing eligibility and priority criteria .
developing eligibility and priority [objectives] .

When considering the whole problem of violence much broader criteria need to be adopted to include threats and other forms of abuse .
when considering the whole problem of violence much broader [objectives] need to be adopted to include threats and other forms of abuse .

This payment will be equivalent to an injury allowance and will be calculated by reference to the same criteria as referred to in paragraph 10.9 above .
this payment will be equivalent to an injury allowance and will be calculated by reference to the same [objectives] as referred to in paragraph 10.9 above .

That the criteria and financial parameters can be related to those of in-house provision , acknowledging that a ‘ mixed ’ economy of service provision is an increasing reality — particularly in relation to the provision of residential care services .
that the [objectives] and financial parameters can be related to those of in-house provision , acknowledging that a ‘ mixed ’ economy of service provision is an increasing reality — particularly in relation to the provision of residential care services .

7 Resource pricing to reflect environmental and social criteria .
7 resource pricing to reflect environmental and social [objectives] .

We believe specific criteria should be formulated to enable a reasoned judgement to be made as to whether any new body should be subject to the provisions .
we believe specific [objectives] should be formulated to enable a reasoned judgement to be made as to whether any new body should be subject to the provisions .

It is unclear whether all the eligibility criteria listed in points ( i ) to ( iii ) need to be satisfied before a grant will be awarded .
it is unclear whether all the eligibility [objectives] listed in points ( i ) to ( iii ) need to be satisfied before a grant will be awarded .

In any case , we would recommend the first two categories be combined to prevent the separation of landscape and nature conservation criteria .
in any case , we would recommend the first two categories be combined to prevent the separation of landscape and nature conservation [objectives] .

The convenience of major shopping developments and the wide range of goods and produce they provide in a concentrated location , must be judged in future against wider environmental and social criteria .
the convenience of major shopping developments and the wide range of goods and produce they provide in a concentrated location , must be judged in future against wider environmental and social [objectives] .

Structure and local land would have to follow the same criteria .
structure and local land would have to follow the same [objectives] .

Reappraisal of Planning Permission — all existing permissions should be reassessed according to the same criteria as above , and authorities would have the power to rescind or modify them .
reappraisal of planning permission — all existing permissions should be reassessed according to the same [objectives] as above , and authorities would have the power to rescind or modify them .

Resource pricing to reflect environmental and social criteria .
resource pricing to reflect environmental and social [objectives] .

The programme materials provide for school communities up-to-date information on church teachings ; suggested criteria of exemplary practice ( whilst allowing the school community to recognise and articulate its own good practice ) ; school profile pro-forma ; and suggestions for action planning and implementation .
the programme materials provide for school communities up-to-date information on church teachings ; suggested [objectives] of exemplary practice ( whilst allowing the school community to recognise and articulate its own good practice ) ; school profile pro-forma ; and suggestions for action planning and implementation .

The counties mentioned above have provided most of the pavements attributed to the `` Corinian School `` of mosaicists — a group of mosaics and mosaicists centered on the town of Cirencester ( Toynbee 1962 , 198 ; Smith 1965 , 1969 and 19849 Although one tenth only of these pavements can be dated on external criteria , both the particular associations of the Orpheus and saltire mosaics , and the more general association of this school with other schools in Britain , helps to suggest an adequate understanding of developments .
the counties mentioned above have provided most of the pavements attributed to the `` corinian school `` of mosaicists — a group of mosaics and mosaicists centered on the town of cirencester ( toynbee 1962 , 198 ; smith 1965 , 1969 and 19849 although one tenth only of these pavements can be dated on external [objectives] , both the particular associations of the orpheus and saltire mosaics , and the more general association of this school with other schools in britain , helps to suggest an adequate understanding of developments .

For in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no criteria for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .
for in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no [objectives] for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .

Brussels will be able to grant permission to exceed limits in particular areas on the basis of " objective criteria " which suggest that the use of larger amounts is safe .
brussels will be able to grant permission to exceed limits in particular areas on the basis of " objective [objectives] " which suggest that the use of larger amounts is safe .

EACO-Route 's project manager , Rob Lane , claimed that the road met the government 's ( controversial ) cost-benefit criteria , and added that its construction could provide 60,000 jobs and attract 100,000 people into new towns and villages in East Anglia and the north-east , improving prospects of economically-depressed areas such as Hull and Teeside .
eaco-route 's project manager , rob lane , claimed that the road met the government 's ( controversial ) cost-benefit [objectives] , and added that its construction could provide 60,000 jobs and attract 100,000 people into new towns and villages in east anglia and the north-east , improving prospects of economically-depressed areas such as hull and teeside .

The University of Oxford 's policy and practice require that entry into employment with the University and progression within employment will be determined only by personal merit and the application of criteria which are related to the duties of each particular post and the relevant salary structure .
the university of oxford 's policy and practice require that entry into employment with the university and progression within employment will be determined only by personal merit and the application of [objectives] which are related to the duties of each particular post and the relevant salary structure .

( Previously , the criteria were limited to urban and scenic routes . )
( previously , the [objectives] were limited to urban and scenic routes . )

Unspoken Decrees : Road Appraisal , Democracy and the Environment points out that the Transport Department at present bases its estimates of the cost-effectiveness of new road schemes on remarkably narrow criteria .
unspoken decrees : road appraisal , democracy and the environment points out that the transport department at present bases its estimates of the cost-effectiveness of new road schemes on remarkably narrow [objectives] .

However , he does not justify this suggestion by giving the criteria for classifying a mode of expression as a rhetorical device .
however , he does not justify this suggestion by giving the [objectives] for classifying a mode of expression as a rhetorical device .

The question is , to what extent does the notion of ( loose ) apposition , as it is defined by these criteria , play a role in such an explanation ?
the question is , to what extent does the notion of ( loose ) apposition , as it is defined by these [objectives] , play a role in such an explanation ?

( g ) whether the takeover falls within the relevant criteria for reference to a merger control authority ( see Chapter 19 ) .
( g ) whether the takeover falls within the relevant [objectives] for reference to a merger control authority ( see chapter 19 ) .

However , what generally amounts to reasonableness can be examined by reference to three criteria although they inevitably overlap .
however , what generally amounts to reasonableness can be examined by reference to three [objectives] although they inevitably overlap .

The three criteria are : ( a ) Does the employer have an interest which merits protection ?
the three [objectives] are : ( a ) does the employer have an interest which merits protection ?

The criteria identified in Sched 2 operate within the normal principles of incorporation of exclusion clauses under the common law .
the [objectives] identified in sched 2 operate within the normal principles of incorporation of exclusion clauses under the common law .

Section 31 sets out the criteria which must be satisfied before the court can make an order .
section 31 sets out the [objectives] which must be satisfied before the court can make an order .

Each petty sessions area has an allocated care centre to which cases may be transferred if the relevant criteria are met .
each petty sessions area has an allocated care centre to which cases may be transferred if the relevant [objectives] are met .

The court may therefore refuse to transfer a case , even where the relevant criteria are met , if this would unduly delay the proceedings to the child 's detriment .
the court may therefore refuse to transfer a case , even where the relevant [objectives] are met , if this would unduly delay the proceedings to the child 's detriment .

Criteria for granting leave will depend on the nature of the application although the welfare of the child must always be the court 's paramount consideration .
[objectives] for granting leave will depend on the nature of the application although the welfare of the child must always be the court 's paramount consideration .

Section 10 ( 9 ) of the Children Act lays down specific criteria which the court must apply when an applicant seeks leave to apply for a s8 order ( see pp171-172 ) .
section 10 ( 9 ) of the children act lays down specific [objectives] which the court must apply when an applicant seeks leave to apply for a s8 order ( see pp171-172 ) .

The opening speech should set out the relevant facts , summarise the evidence to be called and remind the court of the statutory criteria to be met .
the opening speech should set out the relevant facts , summarise the evidence to be called and remind the court of the statutory [objectives] to be met .

He must adduce sufficient evidence to satisfy the statutory criteria for the making of a particular order .
he must adduce sufficient evidence to satisfy the statutory [objectives] for the making of a particular order .

In view of this it would seem that both the civil and criminal criteria for the admission of similar fact evidence may be relevant .
in view of this it would seem that both the civil and criminal [objectives] for the admission of similar fact evidence may be relevant .

Anyone may seek advice under the scheme provided that they satisfy the criteria for financial eligibility .
anyone may seek advice under the scheme provided that they satisfy the [objectives] for financial eligibility .

Even where there is a case for legal action on these criteria the local authority should consider what the use of compulsory powers will add in safeguarding the child and whether the gain is sufficient to justify the use of compulsion and the trauma that may result .
even where there is a case for legal action on these [objectives] the local authority should consider what the use of compulsory powers will add in safeguarding the child and whether the gain is sufficient to justify the use of compulsion and the trauma that may result .

The criteria for transfer are discussed in Chapter 4 .
the [objectives] for transfer are discussed in chapter 4 .

Once the threshold criteria in s31 are satisfied the court has power to make a care or supervision order but it is not obliged to do so .
once the threshold [objectives] in s31 are satisfied the court has power to make a care or supervision order but it is not obliged to do so .

The court must be satisfied that the statutory criteria are still met when making a second or subsequent interim order .
the court must be satisfied that the statutory [objectives] are still met when making a second or subsequent interim order .

There are no specific criteria for extension but the court must apply the general principles in s1 of the Act ( see 6 above ) .
there are no specific [objectives] for extension but the court must apply the general principles in s1 of the act ( see 6 above ) .

Neither can it make a specific issue or prohibited steps order so as to require a child to be accommodated by a local authority as this would in effect allow the authority to take the child into care without necessarily satisfying the s31 criteria ( s9 ( 5 ) ( b ) ) .
neither can it make a specific issue or prohibited steps order so as to require a child to be accommodated by a local authority as this would in effect allow the authority to take the child into care without necessarily satisfying the s31 [objectives] ( s9 ( 5 ) ( b ) ) .

In these circumstances a supervision order will be more appropriate and can be made provided that the s31 criteria are satisfied .
in these circumstances a supervision order will be more appropriate and can be made provided that the s31 [objectives] are satisfied .

Admission is obtained by written application , proving that you fulfil the set criteria .
admission is obtained by written application , proving that you fulfil the set [objectives] .

All applicants qualify under the same criteria .
all applicants qualify under the same [objectives] .

How often is reselection carried out and what are the criteria ?
how often is reselection carried out and what are the [objectives] ?

No qualification period is required as the other criteria can not be fulfilled unless the applicant has been personally conducting cases for at least three years .
no qualification period is required as the other [objectives] can not be fulfilled unless the applicant has been personally conducting cases for at least three years .

Systems are relevant to how you run your office , not how you run your cases and there is little reference to the transaction criteria .
systems are relevant to how you run your office , not how you run your cases and there is little reference to the transaction [objectives] .

This ensures the consistent application of vetting criteria .
this ensures the consistent application of vetting [objectives] .

All quality standards require you to adopt selection criteria for experts , taking into account such factors as their expertise , speed of response , flexibility and value for money .
all quality standards require you to adopt selection [objectives] for experts , taking into account such factors as their expertise , speed of response , flexibility and value for money .

In practical terms , the school librarian or teacher may not have the authority to make a final decision on the purchase of a microcomputer but it is important that s/he has some knowledge of what microcomputers can do and what criteria should be used for selection , so that the decision made by the headteacher may be influenced by the person who will ultimately control and use the microcomputer .
in practical terms , the school librarian or teacher may not have the authority to make a final decision on the purchase of a microcomputer but it is important that s/he has some knowledge of what microcomputers can do and what [objectives] should be used for selection , so that the decision made by the headteacher may be influenced by the person who will ultimately control and use the microcomputer .

The decision to purchase a microcomputer or to give advice on the purchase means that the school librarian and teachers will have to gather information in relation to the questions posed above on criteria for selection .
the decision to purchase a microcomputer or to give advice on the purchase means that the school librarian and teachers will have to gather information in relation to the questions posed above on [objectives] for selection .

Keywords are assigned to resources that match both pupil and teacher criteria , the inquiry/communicating skills required of pupils and the resources being indexed .
keywords are assigned to resources that match both pupil and teacher [objectives] , the inquiry/communicating skills required of pupils and the resources being indexed .

Criteria for selecting software
[objectives] for selecting software

There is no established set of criteria .
there is no established set of [objectives] .

The first question which should be asked on this subject is why use microcomputers Is the starting point for the selection of software either ( a ) because in this technological era everyone should know about microcomputers or ( b ) for sound learning aims and objectives ? i.e. do school librarians and teachers start from the skills and processes or because of the existence of software ? It is only in the context of the answers to these questions that relevant and helpful criteria for selection can be developed .
the first question which should be asked on this subject is why use microcomputers is the starting point for the selection of software either ( a ) because in this technological era everyone should know about microcomputers or ( b ) for sound learning aims and objectives ? i.e. do school librarians and teachers start from the skills and processes or because of the existence of software ? it is only in the context of the answers to these questions that relevant and helpful [objectives] for selection can be developed .

Additionally , ‘ the move from development plans to structure plans itself allows a move to flexible and broad criteria for decision , which in turn allows the decision-maker wide discretion and hence room for manoeuvre when resolving applications for planning permission ’ .
additionally , ‘ the move from development plans to structure plans itself allows a move to flexible and broad [objectives] for decision , which in turn allows the decision-maker wide discretion and hence room for manoeuvre when resolving applications for planning permission ’ .

It needs to be stressed that amenity and public safety are the only two criteria for control .
it needs to be stressed that amenity and public safety are the only two [objectives] for control .

on criteria which are initially non-commercial .
on [objectives] which are initially non-commercial .

Criteria for listing historic buildings are divided into four groups :
[objectives] for listing historic buildings are divided into four groups :

Interviewers first decided whether a situation was eligible for inclusion by using a set of highly developed criteria provided for them .
interviewers first decided whether a situation was eligible for inclusion by using a set of highly developed [objectives] provided for them .

Assets can be compared according to two criteria : liquidity and the possibility of earning income .
assets can be compared according to two [objectives] : liquidity and the possibility of earning income .

Just as we saw in the case of a bank 's assets , these two criteria tend to conflict .
just as we saw in the case of a bank 's assets , these two [objectives] tend to conflict .

sole practitioners were ‘ generally honest and highly professional and provide a valuable service for the community ’ , but those wishing to set up sole practices should meet strict criteria with regard to their accounting system ;
sole practitioners were ‘ generally honest and highly professional and provide a valuable service for the community ’ , but those wishing to set up sole practices should meet strict [objectives] with regard to their accounting system ;

He queried whether a solicitor who had made a promise without strictly complying with the criteria suggested in question 10 could escape liability as a matter of law .
he queried whether a solicitor who had made a promise without strictly complying with the [objectives] suggested in question 10 could escape liability as a matter of law .

Of course when you have done your transferring , the team must still satify the same criteria as before regarding positions , cost , 2 players per real team .
of course when you have done your transferring , the team must still satify the same [objectives] as before regarding positions , cost , 2 players per real team .

An alternative strategy might be for the archivist to get in early in the life of information systems , probably even at the design stage , to imbed selection criteria of some sort into them .
an alternative strategy might be for the archivist to get in early in the life of information systems , probably even at the design stage , to imbed selection [objectives] of some sort into them .

But if selection is to take place , it seems reasonable to attempt to do so on the basis of what an organisation saw as important in its own terms at the time , rather than attempting to apply current research criteria to the process .
but if selection is to take place , it seems reasonable to attempt to do so on the basis of what an organisation saw as important in its own terms at the time , rather than attempting to apply current research [objectives] to the process .

It will be important to pay close attention to the criteria used and to note how the questions are defined and asked .
it will be important to pay close attention to the [objectives] used and to note how the questions are defined and asked .

Because of the financial value attached to insurance policies , records were preserved with extreme care and existing records migrated to a new medium only when two criteria were met : first , that the technology was completely proven , and second , that the number of policies in force made the transition practical .
because of the financial value attached to insurance policies , records were preserved with extreme care and existing records migrated to a new medium only when two [objectives] were met : first , that the technology was completely proven , and second , that the number of policies in force made the transition practical .

However , it is undeniable that contemporaries , operating with contemporary methods and criteria of accountancy , believed that it was inferior , though of course we can not tell how far the very justified horror of slavery or serfdom biased their calculations .
however , it is undeniable that contemporaries , operating with contemporary methods and [objectives] of accountancy , believed that it was inferior , though of course we can not tell how far the very justified horror of slavery or serfdom biased their calculations .

And their inferiority was proved because in fact the ‘ superior race ’ was superior by the criteria of its own society : technologically more advanced , militarily more powerful , richer and more ‘ successful ’ .
and their inferiority was proved because in fact the ‘ superior race ’ was superior by the [objectives] of its own society : technologically more advanced , militarily more powerful , richer and more ‘ successful ’ .

In what follows the exposition will focus not upon the general nature of rational expectations equilibria , but on the relation between the criteria for rationality on the one hand and the debate on the unemployment-inflation trade off on the other , with the ultimate aim of arriving at the policy inefficacy proposition .
in what follows the exposition will focus not upon the general nature of rational expectations equilibria , but on the relation between the [objectives] for rationality on the one hand and the debate on the unemployment-inflation trade off on the other , with the ultimate aim of arriving at the policy inefficacy proposition .

Two additional criteria need to be satisfied before we can definitely conclude that expectations are being formed rationally .
two additional [objectives] need to be satisfied before we can definitely conclude that expectations are being formed rationally .

There is nothing in the criteria which it stipulates for rational behaviour that confines its application to a market clearing framework .
there is nothing in the [objectives] which it stipulates for rational behaviour that confines its application to a market clearing framework .

In the preceding analysis the rational expectations criteria were introduced piecemeal within a context which assumed market clearing , at least in the fairly short run .
in the preceding analysis the rational expectations [objectives] were introduced piecemeal within a context which assumed market clearing , at least in the fairly short run .

This seemingly symbiotic link has been damaging to the more general applicability of these criteria in other contexts .
this seemingly symbiotic link has been damaging to the more general applicability of these [objectives] in other contexts .

The fact that the rational expectations hypothesis is a free-standing set of criteria which can be applied to a wide variety of macroeconomic models was rarely grasped by early Keynesian critics .
the fact that the rational expectations hypothesis is a free-standing set of [objectives] which can be applied to a wide variety of macroeconomic models was rarely grasped by early keynesian critics .

( 5 ) Wherever , in ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) above , the order requires one or other court to consider whether it ought to try the case or whether it ought to transfer it ( pursuant to the powers of transfer under ss 40 ( 2 ) , 41 ( 1 ) or 42 ( 2 ) of the 1984 Act ) that court must have regard to the criteria laid down in art 7 ( 5 ) and set out at the start of Chapter 13 .
( 5 ) wherever , in ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) above , the order requires one or other court to consider whether it ought to try the case or whether it ought to transfer it ( pursuant to the powers of transfer under ss 40 ( 2 ) , 41 ( 1 ) or 42 ( 2 ) of the 1984 act ) that court must have regard to the [objectives] laid down in art 7 ( 5 ) and set out at the start of chapter 13 .

Where proceedings have , according to the criteria set out in this chapter , been commenced in the wrong court , the new s 51 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 ( which has effect from 1 October 1991 ) provides for two ways in which the misallocation can be reflected in costs orders .
where proceedings have , according to the [objectives] set out in this chapter , been commenced in the wrong court , the new s 51 of the supreme court act 1981 ( which has effect from 1 october 1991 ) provides for two ways in which the misallocation can be reflected in costs orders .

The criteria for an Order for Consolidation , which may be made on application or by the court , are the same as for joinder of parties , viz a common question of law or fact , the relief sought arises out of the same transaction , or , `` it is desirable `` for `` some other reason `` .
the [objectives] for an order for consolidation , which may be made on application or by the court , are the same as for joinder of parties , viz a common question of law or fact , the relief sought arises out of the same transaction , or , `` it is desirable `` for `` some other reason `` .

( Note : There is general power to consolidate any action or any matter with another if certain criteria are fulfilled ( Ord 13 , r 9 ) . )
( note : there is general power to consolidate any action or any matter with another if certain [objectives] are fulfilled ( ord 13 , r 9 ) . )

Article 7 ( 5 ) of the High Court and County Courts Jurisdiction Order 1991 sets out the criteria to be considered when deciding whether or not to make an order for transfer in a case in which both the High Court and the County Court have mutual jurisdiction .
article 7 ( 5 ) of the high court and county courts jurisdiction order 1991 sets out the [objectives] to be considered when deciding whether or not to make an order for transfer in a case in which both the high court and the county court have mutual jurisdiction .

One of the criteria for transfer is the `` financial substance `` of the action and , for this purpose , regard will also be had to the value of a counterclaim .
one of the [objectives] for transfer is the `` financial substance `` of the action and , for this purpose , regard will also be had to the value of a counterclaim .

Order 16 , r 9 ( as revised ) made important changes to the rules on transfer and requires that : ( 1 ) the grounds of an application for transfer be stated by reference to the criteria in art 7 ( 5 ) ; and ( 2 ) all applications ( whether or not based on `` financial substance `` ) be supported by a statement of value .
order 16 , r 9 ( as revised ) made important changes to the rules on transfer and requires that : ( 1 ) the grounds of an application for transfer be stated by reference to the [objectives] in art 7 ( 5 ) ; and ( 2 ) all applications ( whether or not based on `` financial substance `` ) be supported by a statement of value .

The criteria under Art 7 ( 5 ) to which the court is to have regard in deciding whether to transfer are : `` ( a ) the financial substance of the action including the value of any counterclaim , ( b ) whether the action is otherwise important and , in particular whether it raises questions of importance to persons who are not parties or questions of general public interest , ( c ) the complexity of the facts , legal issues , remedies or procedures involved , and ( d ) whether transfer is likely to result in a more speedy trial of the action but no transfer shall be made on the grounds of subparagraph ( d ) alone . ``
the [objectives] under art 7 ( 5 ) to which the court is to have regard in deciding whether to transfer are : `` ( a ) the financial substance of the action including the value of any counterclaim , ( b ) whether the action is otherwise important and , in particular whether it raises questions of importance to persons who are not parties or questions of general public interest , ( c ) the complexity of the facts , legal issues , remedies or procedures involved , and ( d ) whether transfer is likely to result in a more speedy trial of the action but no transfer shall be made on the grounds of subparagraph ( d ) alone . ``

The criteria
the [objectives]

Any application for transfer to the High Court ( other than family business ) must set out the grounds upon which the application is made by reference to the criteria .
any application for transfer to the high court ( other than family business ) must set out the grounds upon which the application is made by reference to the [objectives] .

The basis of the Directive is to fix in a general way the criteria for assessing the unfair character of contract terms taking into account , in particular , whether the relevant term was individually negotiated , the relevant strength of the bargaining position of the parties , whether the consumer had an inducement to agree to the term , and whether the goods or services were sold or supplied to the special order of the consumer .
the basis of the directive is to fix in a general way the [objectives] for assessing the unfair character of contract terms taking into account , in particular , whether the relevant term was individually negotiated , the relevant strength of the bargaining position of the parties , whether the consumer had an inducement to agree to the term , and whether the goods or services were sold or supplied to the special order of the consumer .

This chapter explains : ( 1 ) that the identity and qualifications of an expert are established by the parties , usually in the expert clause , and that an expert need not be an individual ( 9.2 ) ; ( 2 ) the practice of referring disputes to a named individual , firm or company ( 9.3 ) ; ( 3 ) the same practice where the test is the position held by an individual , firm or company ( 9.4 ) ; ( 4 ) the practice of referring disputes to members of a particular profession ( 9.5 ) ; ( 5 ) the effect of stipulating criteria for an expert 's eligibility ( 9.6 ) ; ( 6 ) the effect of a requirement that an expert be independent ( 9.7 ) ; ( 7 ) the practice relating to umpires ( 9.8 ) .
this chapter explains : ( 1 ) that the identity and qualifications of an expert are established by the parties , usually in the expert clause , and that an expert need not be an individual ( 9.2 ) ; ( 2 ) the practice of referring disputes to a named individual , firm or company ( 9.3 ) ; ( 3 ) the same practice where the test is the position held by an individual , firm or company ( 9.4 ) ; ( 4 ) the practice of referring disputes to members of a particular profession ( 9.5 ) ; ( 5 ) the effect of stipulating [objectives] for an expert 's eligibility ( 9.6 ) ; ( 6 ) the effect of a requirement that an expert be independent ( 9.7 ) ; ( 7 ) the practice relating to umpires ( 9.8 ) .

It is therefore essential to examine the expert clause which should state who the expert is to be , whether : ( 1 ) a named individual ( see 9.3 ) ; or ( 2 ) a named firm or company ( see 9.3 ) ; or ( 3 ) the individual , firm or company holding a particular position ( see 9.4 ) ; or ( 4 ) a member of a particular profession or a holder of a particular academic or professional qualification ( see 9.5 ) ; and whether ( 5 ) there are any special criteria for the expert 's suitability ( see 9.6 ) .
it is therefore essential to examine the expert clause which should state who the expert is to be , whether : ( 1 ) a named individual ( see 9.3 ) ; or ( 2 ) a named firm or company ( see 9.3 ) ; or ( 3 ) the individual , firm or company holding a particular position ( see 9.4 ) ; or ( 4 ) a member of a particular profession or a holder of a particular academic or professional qualification ( see 9.5 ) ; and whether ( 5 ) there are any special [objectives] for the expert 's suitability ( see 9.6 ) .

9.6 Criteria for an expert 's suitability
9.6 [objectives] for an expert 's suitability

The expert clause may lay down criteria for the expert 's suitability .
the expert clause may lay down [objectives] for the expert 's suitability .

From these criteria it should follow that an expert making a
from these [objectives] it should follow that an expert making a

These criteria should exempt from liability an expert who issues a certificate under one contract which triggers events in another contract : for an example , see 7.4.4 .
these [objectives] should exempt from liability an expert who issues a certificate under one contract which triggers events in another contract : for an example , see 7.4.4 .

The two negative requirements are that the agreement must not impose on the undertakings concerned restrictions which are not indispensable to the attainment of the first two criteria and that it must not afford the undertakings concerned the possibility of eliminating competition in respect of a substantial part of the products in question .
the two negative requirements are that the agreement must not impose on the undertakings concerned restrictions which are not indispensable to the attainment of the first two [objectives] and that it must not afford the undertakings concerned the possibility of eliminating competition in respect of a substantial part of the products in question .

The organizations are demanding that more stringent environmental criteria be built into the reformed regulations .
the organizations are demanding that more stringent environmental [objectives] be built into the reformed regulations .

As from this year , the criteria for the Europe-wide Blue Flag award , which recognizes beaches with clean bathing water , have been tightened .
as from this year , the [objectives] for the europe-wide blue flag award , which recognizes beaches with clean bathing water , have been tightened .

`` By appointment `` warrants awarded by the Prince of Wales will in future comply with a set of environmental criteria .
`` by appointment `` warrants awarded by the prince of wales will in future comply with a set of environmental [objectives] .

Most pupils now attend what are termed comprehensive schools , schools whose enrollment criteria are geographic rather than academic .
most pupils now attend what are termed comprehensive schools , schools whose enrollment [objectives] are geographic rather than academic .

Others have sought to generate criteria by which to assess the distinctive features of a political culture .
others have sought to generate [objectives] by which to assess the distinctive features of a political culture .

It contended that the commissioners had acted outside the terms of the act by giving undue weight to some of the criteria for determining boundaries as against others .
it contended that the commissioners had acted outside the terms of the act by giving undue weight to some of the [objectives] for determining boundaries as against others .

Such criteria of vulnerability should not be built-in by the programmer .
such [objectives] of vulnerability should not be built-in by the programmer .

One local government agreement endorsed criteria for satisfying jobs that had been produced by the Tavistock Institute .
one local government agreement endorsed [objectives] for satisfying jobs that had been produced by the tavistock institute .

Central to any intelligent activity is the process of decision making , ie selecting an action from a set of possible actions in accordance with given criteria .
central to any intelligent activity is the process of decision making , ie selecting an action from a set of possible actions in accordance with given [objectives] .

The priorities are to achieve a national consensus on the need for change , to establish a programme for dealing with factors which may cause adverse effects and to select criteria for the allocation of available resources .
the priorities are to achieve a national consensus on the need for change , to establish a programme for dealing with factors which may cause adverse effects and to select [objectives] for the allocation of available resources .

The criteria used will be the conventional ones — cost , technical and material constraints , together with safety considerations and planning constraints .
the [objectives] used will be the conventional ones — cost , technical and material constraints , together with safety considerations and planning constraints .

Ryan 's proposal for a program for automatic story generation which fulfils her three criteria of creativity , aesthetic awareness and understanding will probably remain beyond the boundaries of feasibility for a long time , but it does demonstrate both the need for a greater contribution of ideas from poetics and narratology to developments in artificial intelligence , and the insights that can be gained from the attempt to shape one 's ideas about narrative into a form that can be learnt and applied by computers .
ryan 's proposal for a program for automatic story generation which fulfils her three [objectives] of creativity , aesthetic awareness and understanding will probably remain beyond the boundaries of feasibility for a long time , but it does demonstrate both the need for a greater contribution of ideas from poetics and narratology to developments in artificial intelligence , and the insights that can be gained from the attempt to shape one 's ideas about narrative into a form that can be learnt and applied by computers .

In this regard , perhaps the most significant point of agreement between the two versions is the correct selection of sentence ( i ) by the students as an opening : Interestingly , this sentence , in the context of the story as a whole , satisfies the criteria for a well-formed Abstract .
in this regard , perhaps the most significant point of agreement between the two versions is the correct selection of sentence ( i ) by the students as an opening : interestingly , this sentence , in the context of the story as a whole , satisfies the [objectives] for a well-formed abstract .

It satisfies to some extent the criteria for the recognition of Complicating Action : it has an actional verb in the simple past ( `` fired `` ) and generally has a `` what happened `` rather than `` who , what , where `` feel to it .
it satisfies to some extent the [objectives] for the recognition of complicating action : it has an actional verb in the simple past ( `` fired `` ) and generally has a `` what happened `` rather than `` who , what , where `` feel to it .

One of the principle reasons for the development of anti-school attitudes amongst these young people is the separation and ranking of students according to a multiple set of criteria which make up the normative , academically oriented value system of the school .
one of the principle reasons for the development of anti-school attitudes amongst these young people is the separation and ranking of students according to a multiple set of [objectives] which make up the normative , academically oriented value system of the school .

It is unfortunate if this in turn results in government decision-making based on pacifying sectarian jealousies rather than on clearly articulated criteria of need .
it is unfortunate if this in turn results in government decision-making based on pacifying sectarian jealousies rather than on clearly articulated [objectives] of need .

This done , the next broad area to be covered was the need to examine the various models of community economic development , how local people can be involved in the process of regenerating their areas , how the process can best be facilitated and what can be realistically achieved . In addition , what should the criteria be for evaluating the success of community economic development ?
this done , the next broad area to be covered was the need to examine the various models of community economic development , how local people can be involved in the process of regenerating their areas , how the process can best be facilitated and what can be realistically achieved . in addition , what should the [objectives] be for evaluating the success of community economic development ?

What can realistically be accomplished by Community Economic Development strategies and what criteria can be used to determine and evaluate success ?
what can realistically be accomplished by community economic development strategies and what [objectives] can be used to determine and evaluate success ?

More subjective , less dependable criteria , such as variation in style or vocabulary , have to be used to distinguish the sources .
more subjective , less dependable [objectives] , such as variation in style or vocabulary , have to be used to distinguish the sources .

It has to succeed , not in fair competition , but in the face of ignorance and misunderstanding : ignorance , because whereas professional knowledge and informed advice on the incorporation and conduct of conventionally organised companies are generally available , whereas education and training relating to them are commonplace , this is not true for co-operatives ; misunderstanding , because the industrial co-operative sector is still often regarded as characterised by the three well-known rescue cases … and hence as supposing itself to be exempted from test by commercial criteria and the rigours of the market economy .
it has to succeed , not in fair competition , but in the face of ignorance and misunderstanding : ignorance , because whereas professional knowledge and informed advice on the incorporation and conduct of conventionally organised companies are generally available , whereas education and training relating to them are commonplace , this is not true for co-operatives ; misunderstanding , because the industrial co-operative sector is still often regarded as characterised by the three well-known rescue cases … and hence as supposing itself to be exempted from test by commercial [objectives] and the rigours of the market economy .

It can be argued that the recognition and acceptance of the new State by the international community is conditional upon its acceptance of the treaty , but this is contrary to the objective criteria of Statehood , and does not conform with practice .
it can be argued that the recognition and acceptance of the new state by the international community is conditional upon its acceptance of the treaty , but this is contrary to the objective [objectives] of statehood , and does not conform with practice .

The relevant constitutive treaty may be bilateral and may not even satisfy the criteria for a dispositive treaty .
the relevant constitutive treaty may be bilateral and may not even satisfy the [objectives] for a dispositive treaty .

The former provides the criteria for determining when a treaty creates rights or obligations vis a vis third States , while the latter has comparable provisions with respect to third party organisations .
the former provides the [objectives] for determining when a treaty creates rights or obligations vis a vis third states , while the latter has comparable provisions with respect to third party organisations .

In the second part of his chapter , the subject of linear stability theory is discussed , leading from the fundamental encirclement theorem of Cauchy , via the criteria of Leonhard and Routh , to the Poincaré-Liapunov method .
in the second part of his chapter , the subject of linear stability theory is discussed , leading from the fundamental encirclement theorem of cauchy , via the [objectives] of leonhard and routh , to the poincaré-liapunov method .

This implies two criteria of relevance for the selection of stylistic features : a literary criterion and a linguistic criterion .
this implies two [objectives] of relevance for the selection of stylistic features : a literary criterion and a linguistic criterion .

We have suggested that these two criteria converge in the concept of foregrounding ( 2.3 ) .
we have suggested that these two [objectives] converge in the concept of foregrounding ( 2.3 ) .

Although the criteria may be unclear , they have been applied impartially to the three extracts , and to this extent , the figures may be taken as a reliable guide .
although the [objectives] may be unclear , they have been applied impartially to the three extracts , and to this extent , the figures may be taken as a reliable guide .

Considerable variability exists in the practice of post infarction testing ; predischarge or late , Bruce or modified , symptom or rate limited and the criteria judged as positive .
considerable variability exists in the practice of post infarction testing ; predischarge or late , bruce or modified , symptom or rate limited and the [objectives] judged as positive .

Of course no explicit justifications for choosing such criteria of correctness are stated other than the supposedly inherent qualities flowing from a `` native `` linguistic and literary tradition .
of course no explicit justifications for choosing such [objectives] of correctness are stated other than the supposedly inherent qualities flowing from a `` native `` linguistic and literary tradition .

By the time English had situated itself as a centre of learning and teaching at all universities in the early 1930s , its ethos and evaluative criteria were those associated with a masculine profession , rather than with a programme of national cultural intervention .
by the time english had situated itself as a centre of learning and teaching at all universities in the early 1930s , its ethos and evaluative [objectives] were those associated with a masculine profession , rather than with a programme of national cultural intervention .

In general , then , the discursive trend is towards establishing approved modes of argument and debate according to Parliamentary and legal criteria rather than submission to the rigours of the scientific proof .
in general , then , the discursive trend is towards establishing approved modes of argument and debate according to parliamentary and legal [objectives] rather than submission to the rigours of the scientific proof .

Criteria for student selection had become increasingly `` merit `` based and the social constituency from which they were drawn widened slightly .
[objectives] for student selection had become increasingly `` merit `` based and the social constituency from which they were drawn widened slightly .

Rather than ministering to a small elite , these institutions had now established their function as the `` education of the upper intelligence groups of the nation `` , selected according to criteria which included being `` good `` at English in school .
rather than ministering to a small elite , these institutions had now established their function as the `` education of the upper intelligence groups of the nation `` , selected according to [objectives] which included being `` good `` at english in school .

Participants will discuss the introduction of criteria to guide the work of indigenous journalists in Latin America . They
participants will discuss the introduction of [objectives] to guide the work of indigenous journalists in latin america . they

We have enforced questionable criteria , appealed to divine authority and given ourselves the right to make our own interpretation of it .
we have enforced questionable [objectives] , appealed to divine authority and given ourselves the right to make our own interpretation of it .

On the other hand , the life of a coin is determined by quite different criteria , dependent on the type of coin .
on the other hand , the life of a coin is determined by quite different [objectives] , dependent on the type of coin .

What criteria did the purchasers employ in buying pottery ?
what [objectives] did the purchasers employ in buying pottery ?

In other words , what criteria are used in judging how ‘ convenient , beneficial and effectual ’ a remedy is ?
in other words , what [objectives] are used in judging how ‘ convenient , beneficial and effectual ’ a remedy is ?

This suggests that there may be a mismatch between the rationale for protecting respondents by a short time limit and the criteria used to decide whether or not Ord .
this suggests that there may be a mismatch between the rationale for protecting respondents by a short time limit and the [objectives] used to decide whether or not ord .

53 and the criteria used to decide when Ord .
53 and the [objectives] used to decide when ord .

This pattern of criteria for personal responsibility adopted by interests theories reveals that , under this explanation of the basis of contracts , liberty is a relative concept : one is less free to cause physical harm to others than to reduce their profits .
this pattern of [objectives] for personal responsibility adopted by interests theories reveals that , under this explanation of the basis of contracts , liberty is a relative concept : one is less free to cause physical harm to others than to reduce their profits .

Their criteria of personal responsibility enjoy the fluidity necessary to achieve social policies rather than the rigour demanded by respect for individual autonomy .
their [objectives] of personal responsibility enjoy the fluidity necessary to achieve social policies rather than the rigour demanded by respect for individual autonomy .

The theory is that the range of decisions open to managers and administrative agencies is limited because a set of criteria derived from their expert background and training governs their decisions .
the theory is that the range of decisions open to managers and administrative agencies is limited because a set of [objectives] derived from their expert background and training governs their decisions .

The economic world in which the family has its being is not just the market , for it is also affected by state allocation of the benefits and burdens of citizenship according to its own criteria .
the economic world in which the family has its being is not just the market , for it is also affected by state allocation of the benefits and burdens of citizenship according to its own [objectives] .

‘ These are all , by any criteria , unique characteristics , ’ Mr Jayaweera said .
‘ these are all , by any [objectives] , unique characteristics , ’ mr jayaweera said .

In the explanation of their cataloguing criteria , the authors admit that they are concealing confidential information ‘ so as to guarantee and protect the artist 's name , image and market ’ .
in the explanation of their cataloguing [objectives] , the authors admit that they are concealing confidential information ‘ so as to guarantee and protect the artist 's name , image and market ’ .

This is where the Arts Council has stepped in with the argument that if the scheme promotes a form of art which does not conform to their qualitative criteria , it should be abolished .
this is where the arts council has stepped in with the argument that if the scheme promotes a form of art which does not conform to their qualitative [objectives] , it should be abolished .

It sets up a committee to advise the Commission on any revision of the criteria and enjoins member states to co-operate in seeking any illegally exported cultural object and in assisting in its return .
it sets up a committee to advise the commission on any revision of the [objectives] and enjoins member states to co-operate in seeking any illegally exported cultural object and in assisting in its return .

On this question of proven worth , what criteria did you adopt in choosing the five artists for the historical section housed in the tower of the Fridericianum ?
on this question of proven worth , what [objectives] did you adopt in choosing the five artists for the historical section housed in the tower of the fridericianum ?

These represent different criteria of visibility .
these represent different [objectives] of visibility .

There is no doubt that women are less deviant than men , according to various criteria such as official crime statistics , suicide figures , data on vagrancy , and so on .
there is no doubt that women are less deviant than men , according to various [objectives] such as official crime statistics , suicide figures , data on vagrancy , and so on .

These assumptions make up a set of inter-related hypotheses about the processes and criteria of class membership .
these assumptions make up a set of inter-related hypotheses about the processes and [objectives] of class membership .

Thirdly , while members of the same family are held to share identical degrees of status , privilege , power and wealth , simply by virtue of their common membership of this unit , differences of role , position and status within the family are not themselves considered to be criteria of stratification .
thirdly , while members of the same family are held to share identical degrees of status , privilege , power and wealth , simply by virtue of their common membership of this unit , differences of role , position and status within the family are not themselves considered to be [objectives] of stratification .

So far as the theorizing and model-building enterprises of sociology are concerned , these also require some assessment with the two criteria of sociological visibility and social presence in mind .
so far as the theorizing and model-building enterprises of sociology are concerned , these also require some assessment with the two [objectives] of sociological visibility and social presence in mind .

These criteria were used in selecting the sample .
these [objectives] were used in selecting the sample .

In Table 4.4 ‘ status ’ was assessed using three criteria of skill , training and social prestige .
in table 4.4 ‘ status ’ was assessed using three [objectives] of skill , training and social prestige .

Different criteria are used in defining standards .
different [objectives] are used in defining standards .

This has to meet fairly stringent demands , and the main criteria are :
this has to meet fairly stringent demands , and the main [objectives] are :

Oriental rugs can be classified according to a number of criteria — design , colours , materials , price , etc — but arguably the most useful , and certainly the most widely employed , methods of classification are by country of origin , weaving group and general weaving category .
oriental rugs can be classified according to a number of [objectives] — design , colours , materials , price , etc — but arguably the most useful , and certainly the most widely employed , methods of classification are by country of origin , weaving group and general weaving category .

It is not enough to have only one of these criteria in common .
it is not enough to have only one of these [objectives] in common .

As a general rule , rugs employing bolder , more overtly geometric compositions should be judged by the same criteria as nomadic rugs , particularly if they are also dyed in a limited palette of austere or primary shades .
as a general rule , rugs employing bolder , more overtly geometric compositions should be judged by the same [objectives] as nomadic rugs , particularly if they are also dyed in a limited palette of austere or primary shades .

The former can not be defined by any objective criteria and are largely a matter of personal taste , although if you wish to guarantee a reasonable resale value , it is crucial to make sure that your tastes coincide with more universally held views on aesthetic appeal .
the former can not be defined by any objective [objectives] and are largely a matter of personal taste , although if you wish to guarantee a reasonable resale value , it is crucial to make sure that your tastes coincide with more universally held views on aesthetic appeal .

Therefore , apply the criteria for each weaving category ( p. 11 ) and take into account any characteristics associated with each specific weaving groups ( Chs .
therefore , apply the [objectives] for each weaving category ( p. 11 ) and take into account any characteristics associated with each specific weaving groups ( chs .

Remember that some criteria are more applicable to certain categories of rug than to others ; for example , the fineness of the knotting is more critical in workshop rugs than it is in village or nomadic items .
remember that some [objectives] are more applicable to certain categories of rug than to others ; for example , the fineness of the knotting is more critical in workshop rugs than it is in village or nomadic items .

However , the same criteria should be applied to all rugs when assessing the suitability of the pile material and the clarity and permanence of the dyes , as there is no uniform improvement in the quality of these as items move up the price range from nomadic to masterworkshop .
however , the same [objectives] should be applied to all rugs when assessing the suitability of the pile material and the clarity and permanence of the dyes , as there is no uniform improvement in the quality of these as items move up the price range from nomadic to masterworkshop .

They all produce rugs to order , with strict criteria laid down to govern the sizes , colours , designs and qualities .
they all produce rugs to order , with strict [objectives] laid down to govern the sizes , colours , designs and qualities .

Therefore , financial performance criteria are relatively easily met by raising prices sufficiently above costs , if allowed , or permitting service to deteriorate in order to make cost savings .
therefore , financial performance [objectives] are relatively easily met by raising prices sufficiently above costs , if allowed , or permitting service to deteriorate in order to make cost savings .

This implies that bonuses or other discretionary awards should be based as far as possible on efficiency criteria — for example , the percentage by which constant service level costs have been reduced , and other productivity measures .
this implies that bonuses or other discretionary awards should be based as far as possible on efficiency [objectives] — for example , the percentage by which constant service level costs have been reduced , and other productivity measures .

Pricing criteria were first laid down in detail in the 1967 ( second ) White Paper — prices should be related to ( long-run ) marginal costs , without arbitrary cross-subsidization , but should be sufficient to cover full accounting costs including the opportunity cost of capital .
pricing [objectives] were first laid down in detail in the 1967 ( second ) white paper — prices should be related to ( long-run ) marginal costs , without arbitrary cross-subsidization , but should be sufficient to cover full accounting costs including the opportunity cost of capital .

Criteria such as ’ theoretical integrity ’ and ’ psychological plausibility ’ dictate that any adopted techniques should be based on established semantic theory .
[objectives] such as ’ theoretical integrity ’ and ’ psychological plausibility ’ dictate that any adopted techniques should be based on established semantic theory .

For the purposes of the current project , the two major criteria were computational feasibility and rapid prototype development .
for the purposes of the current project , the two major [objectives] were computational feasibility and rapid prototype development .

While projects must meet certain criteria , a wide range of activities can be undertaken .
while projects must meet certain [objectives] , a wide range of activities can be undertaken .

Their managerial framework was probably best reflected in Fayol 's ( 1916 ) management criteria : planning , organising , coordinating and controlling .
their managerial framework was probably best reflected in fayol 's ( 1916 ) management [objectives] : planning , organising , coordinating and controlling .

Specialist units offering treatment must therefore strive to inform all referral centres of its availability and their eligibility criteria for patients .
specialist units offering treatment must therefore strive to inform all referral centres of its availability and their eligibility [objectives] for patients .

We may not yet know what is safe , but we are identifying important criteria for assessment .
we may not yet know what is safe , but we are identifying important [objectives] for assessment .

Criteria for selection were that at least one parent had intractable seizures ; children were of school age ; the family could function in a group setting and there were no major psychiatric or psychological problems .
[objectives] for selection were that at least one parent had intractable seizures ; children were of school age ; the family could function in a group setting and there were no major psychiatric or psychological problems .

The primary criteria in recommending a form of exercise is the client 's safety , interest and improvement of cardiorespiratory endurance ; improving muscular strength and endurance are less important .
the primary [objectives] in recommending a form of exercise is the client 's safety , interest and improvement of cardiorespiratory endurance ; improving muscular strength and endurance are less important .

The fertility counsellor 's main role is to help clients explore the complex issues surrounding possible treatments ; the most important criteria is for patients and clients to be able to make an informed decision about whether to undergo treatment .
the fertility counsellor 's main role is to help clients explore the complex issues surrounding possible treatments ; the most important [objectives] is for patients and clients to be able to make an informed decision about whether to undergo treatment .

You needed to know what group you were in , who was in charge of that group , what the rules of attendance and work were , what was expected of you and by what criteria your work was going to be measured .
you needed to know what group you were in , who was in charge of that group , what the rules of attendance and work were , what was expected of you and by what [objectives] your work was going to be measured .

Income criteria
income [objectives]

Our own century has seen so many movements against the conflation of scientific and religious language that we may , on purely philosophical criteria , judge him to have been misguided .
our own century has seen so many movements against the conflation of scientific and religious language that we may , on purely philosophical [objectives] , judge him to have been misguided .

Scientists in the past , however , experienced difficulty ( and there are contexts in which they still do ) when experimental criteria failed to discriminate decisively between two or more theories .
scientists in the past , however , experienced difficulty ( and there are contexts in which they still do ) when experimental [objectives] failed to discriminate decisively between two or more theories .

Certain problems have long been acknowledged even in popular accounts of scientific practice where emphasis is placed on the role of aesthetic criteria in theory selection .
certain problems have long been acknowledged even in popular accounts of scientific practice where emphasis is placed on the role of aesthetic [objectives] in theory selection .

In evaluating the Copernican system , for example , mathematical criteria should take precedence over interpretations of Scripture , which may have become normative but only through ignorance .
in evaluating the copernican system , for example , mathematical [objectives] should take precedence over interpretations of scripture , which may have become normative but only through ignorance .

The defensive measures taken by the Catholic church against what was perceived as a Protestant cancer altered the criteria of truth , allowing authority on scientific issues to be wrested from scholars and vested in a Roman bureaucracy .
the defensive measures taken by the catholic church against what was perceived as a protestant cancer altered the [objectives] of truth , allowing authority on scientific issues to be wrested from scholars and vested in a roman bureaucracy .

Parliament may , as it did in the Criminal Justice Act 1991 , lay down criteria governing the use of custody and the length of custodial sentences .
parliament may , as it did in the criminal justice act 1991 , lay down [objectives] governing the use of custody and the length of custodial sentences .

The British experience of a quasi-partnership with Chrysler , and Chrysler 's failure and eventual withdrawal from Brazil in 1979 provide testimony that both developed as well as developing countries can be disappointed by failing to judge the strength of the partner by international criteria ( Stopford and Turner , 1985 : p. 230 ) .
the british experience of a quasi-partnership with chrysler , and chrysler 's failure and eventual withdrawal from brazil in 1979 provide testimony that both developed as well as developing countries can be disappointed by failing to judge the strength of the partner by international [objectives] ( stopford and turner , 1985 : p. 230 ) .

It appeared that school was giving both urban and rural children something akin to Western self-consciousness for they could answer questions implying a personal point of view ; and as they advanced in school they became increasingly capable of categorising the same stimuli according to different criteria or ‘ points of view ’ .
it appeared that school was giving both urban and rural children something akin to western self-consciousness for they could answer questions implying a personal point of view ; and as they advanced in school they became increasingly capable of categorising the same stimuli according to different [objectives] or ‘ points of view ’ .

The very use of language , then , whether oral or literate involves classification , abstraction and the selection by specific criteria of elements from a largely undifferentiated universe .
the very use of language , then , whether oral or literate involves classification , abstraction and the selection by specific [objectives] of elements from a largely undifferentiated universe .

Thus , a member of another culture can never know without exploring that system , what criteria have been used to link elements in a set .
thus , a member of another culture can never know without exploring that system , what [objectives] have been used to link elements in a set .

Squirrels are not treated literally as ‘ things ’ in the outer world but as , firstly , parts of sets defined by such criteria as ‘ those that live in trees ’ and , secondly , ‘ available for symbolic manipulation ’ since they can be taken to stand for the very trees they live in .
squirrels are not treated literally as ‘ things ’ in the outer world but as , firstly , parts of sets defined by such [objectives] as ‘ those that live in trees ’ and , secondly , ‘ available for symbolic manipulation ’ since they can be taken to stand for the very trees they live in .

Goody claims to reject these distinctions as ethnocentric and suggests that we ‘ should look for more specific criteria for the differences ’ between these kinds of societies .
goody claims to reject these distinctions as ethnocentric and suggests that we ‘ should look for more specific [objectives] for the differences ’ between these kinds of societies .

These criteria will include ‘ the material concomitants of the process of mental ‘ domestication ’ , for these are not only the manifestations of thought , invention , creativity , they also shape its future forms .
these [objectives] will include ‘ the material concomitants of the process of mental ‘ domestication ’ , for these are not only the manifestations of thought , invention , creativity , they also shape its future forms .

Pythagorean uses of literacy , for instance , did not fit the criteria and Goody had to cite them as exceptions ; they did not ‘ typify ’ Greek uses of literacy or ‘ the Greek reaction to the growth of learning ’ ( 1968 , p .
pythagorean uses of literacy , for instance , did not fit the [objectives] and goody had to cite them as exceptions ; they did not ‘ typify ’ greek uses of literacy or ‘ the greek reaction to the growth of learning ’ ( 1968 , p .

Clanchy shows that , between 1066 and 1307 in England , the criteria for validation of land rights and other significant social facts , and the relative weight given to written and oral criteria in such validation changed as a direct result of political pressures ( 1979 ) .
clanchy shows that , between 1066 and 1307 in england , the [objectives] for validation of land rights and other significant social facts , and the relative weight given to written and oral [objectives] in such validation changed as a direct result of political pressures ( 1979 ) .

The Norman conquerors , in attempting to establish rights to land in England , undermined indigenous oral criteria for proof of ownership , by which they as newcomers were on weaker ground than native land owners , and set up centralised , bureaucratic procedures with emphasis on written documentation , records , cross-referencing etc .
the norman conquerors , in attempting to establish rights to land in england , undermined indigenous oral [objectives] for proof of ownership , by which they as newcomers were on weaker ground than native land owners , and set up centralised , bureaucratic procedures with emphasis on written documentation , records , cross-referencing etc .

As a result of the ‘ literate mentality ’ that these institutions helped to form in England , and to which Lyons and fellow academics now subscribe , later historians , looking back to records of eleventh century England , tended to discard medallions , seals and other material objects that had been major criteria of validation in the oral culture of that period .
as a result of the ‘ literate mentality ’ that these institutions helped to form in england , and to which lyons and fellow academics now subscribe , later historians , looking back to records of eleventh century england , tended to discard medallions , seals and other material objects that had been major [objectives] of validation in the oral culture of that period .

My American competitors operate against yet a different set of expectations and criteria of success .
my american competitors operate against yet a different set of expectations and [objectives] of success .

He goes on to argue that the situational theory , the defence of established institutions , most closely meets these criteria .
he goes on to argue that the situational theory , the defence of established institutions , most closely meets these [objectives] .

What this mode of association requires for determining the jus of a law is not a set of abstract criteria but an appropriately argumentative form of discourse in which to deliberate the matter ; that is , a form of moral discourse , not concerned generally with right and wrong in conduct , but focused narrowly upon the kind of conditional obligations a law may impose , undistracted by prudential and consequential considerations , and insulated from the spurious claims of conscientious objectors , of minorities for exceptional treatment and , so far as may be , from current moral idiocies .
what this mode of association requires for determining the jus of a law is not a set of abstract [objectives] but an appropriately argumentative form of discourse in which to deliberate the matter ; that is , a form of moral discourse , not concerned generally with right and wrong in conduct , but focused narrowly upon the kind of conditional obligations a law may impose , undistracted by prudential and consequential considerations , and insulated from the spurious claims of conscientious objectors , of minorities for exceptional treatment and , so far as may be , from current moral idiocies .

Furthermore , Oakeshott 's notion of tradition does contain within it — in the idea of coherence — criteria of self-reflection .
furthermore , oakeshott 's notion of tradition does contain within it — in the idea of coherence — [objectives] of self-reflection .

But conservatives claim that this sort of argument leads to the destruction of the moral foundations on which the social order is built : ‘ men can not for long tolerate a sense of spiritual meaningless in their individual lives , so they can not for long accept a society in which power , privilege , and property are not distributed according to some morally meaningful criteria ’ .
but conservatives claim that this sort of argument leads to the destruction of the moral foundations on which the social order is built : ‘ men can not for long tolerate a sense of spiritual meaningless in their individual lives , so they can not for long accept a society in which power , privilege , and property are not distributed according to some morally meaningful [objectives] ’ .

Behaviour motivated by such economic criteria , it was argued , could only harm the doctor-patient relationship .
behaviour motivated by such economic [objectives] , it was argued , could only harm the doctor-patient relationship .

By three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.This enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection criteria were not explicit .
by three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.this enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection [objectives] were not explicit .

This patient fulfilled the criteria for toxic shock syndrome .
this patient fulfilled the [objectives] for toxic shock syndrome .

Central to recognition of oneself by oneself is a move in work organizations to the assessment of performance on a continuous basis of individuals , groups or businesses against agreed performance criteria .
central to recognition of oneself by oneself is a move in work organizations to the assessment of performance on a continuous basis of individuals , groups or businesses against agreed performance [objectives] .

The greater use of self-assessment against known criteria will be more successful in some cultures than in others .
the greater use of self-assessment against known [objectives] will be more successful in some cultures than in others .

The culture of the professional ( autonomy ; allegiance to profession first and to organization second ; professional not organizational criteria for assessment of performance ; minimal managerial interference ) is in conflict with the power culture of management ( cooperation and control ; allegiance to organization goals ; facilitating processes and procedures ) .
the culture of the professional ( autonomy ; allegiance to profession first and to organization second ; professional not organizational [objectives] for assessment of performance ; minimal managerial interference ) is in conflict with the power culture of management ( cooperation and control ; allegiance to organization goals ; facilitating processes and procedures ) .

Selective use of objective criteria ; the pretence to ‘ science ’ and the choice of criteria which support one 's position .
selective use of objective [objectives] ; the pretence to ‘ science ’ and the choice of [objectives] which support one 's position .

We contacted patients for a preliminary interview to assess their history , and if they met the study criteria they were invited to join the study .
we contacted patients for a preliminary interview to assess their history , and if they met the study [objectives] they were invited to join the study .

Of the 24 patients who fulfilled the entry criteria , six were unable to comply with the exigencies of the protocol and did not complete the run in period and one patient was later found to be misusing drugs and her data were not included in the analysis .
of the 24 patients who fulfilled the entry [objectives] , six were unable to comply with the exigencies of the protocol and did not complete the run in period and one patient was later found to be misusing drugs and her data were not included in the analysis .

Had exogenous surfactant been available during the study eight of the 13 ventilated infants in the random group would have qualified for ‘ rescue ’ treatment by entry criteria for recent multicentre trials compared with only two of the 13 ventilated infants in the regulated group ( p < 0.02 ; χ & sup2 ; test ) with obvious financial implications .
had exogenous surfactant been available during the study eight of the 13 ventilated infants in the random group would have qualified for ‘ rescue ’ treatment by entry [objectives] for recent multicentre trials compared with only two of the 13 ventilated infants in the regulated group ( p < 0.02 ; χ & sup2 ; test ) with obvious financial implications .

Patients were selected from a group of 496 patients with insulin dependent diabetes who attended our clinic regularly , according to the following criteria : they were aged 18–60 , had insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of at least five years ' duration , had a stable body mass index not exceeding 30 kg/m , a glycated haemoglobin concentration of less than 10 % , were not hypertensive ( supine blood pressure less than 160/95 mm Hg and no antihypertensive treatment ) , had persistent microalbuminuria — that is , urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h at least twice during the previous six months — were not pregnant or wanting to be pregnant , and had no chronic disease other than diabetes .
patients were selected from a group of 496 patients with insulin dependent diabetes who attended our clinic regularly , according to the following [objectives] : they were aged 18–60 , had insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of at least five years ' duration , had a stable body mass index not exceeding 30 kg/m , a glycated haemoglobin concentration of less than 10 % , were not hypertensive ( supine blood pressure less than 160/95 mm hg and no antihypertensive treatment ) , had persistent microalbuminuria — that is , urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h at least twice during the previous six months — were not pregnant or wanting to be pregnant , and had no chronic disease other than diabetes .

Thirty four patients fulfilled these criteria ; of these , 25 gave informed written consent to participate in the study .
thirty four patients fulfilled these [objectives] ; of these , 25 gave informed written consent to participate in the study .

After long and difficult negotiations a ‘ classical political compromise ’ was reached which allowed Reagan to meet one of his main objectives , a narrowing of the criteria for receiving welfare .
after long and difficult negotiations a ‘ classical political compromise ’ was reached which allowed reagan to meet one of his main objectives , a narrowing of the [objectives] for receiving welfare .

Effective presidents , according to the criteria used in this book , are those who succeed in translating the proposals they have advanced on the campaign trail into policy action .
effective presidents , according to the [objectives] used in this book , are those who succeed in translating the proposals they have advanced on the campaign trail into policy action .

There was to be no debate about which direction to take in economic policy ; the essentials of supply-side theory were to be taken as given and the criteria for appointment to the major economic policy posts were to be , ‘ competence , experience , and absolute , complete loyalty to Reagan 's economic policies … .
there was to be no debate about which direction to take in economic policy ; the essentials of supply-side theory were to be taken as given and the [objectives] for appointment to the major economic policy posts were to be , ‘ competence , experience , and absolute , complete loyalty to reagan 's economic policies … .

Criteria for science in the courts
[objectives] for science in the courts

The arrangements for the accreditation of Greek universities is a new procedure aimed at rationalizing the distribution of funds according to objective criteria .
the arrangements for the accreditation of greek universities is a new procedure aimed at rationalizing the distribution of funds according to objective [objectives] .

With the chronic shortage , there has been a widening of selection criteria for the acceptance of donor organs and an extension of cardiac allograft ischaemic time in the hope of increasing the available pool of donor organs .
with the chronic shortage , there has been a widening of selection [objectives] for the acceptance of donor organs and an extension of cardiac allograft ischaemic time in the hope of increasing the available pool of donor organs .

What policies to adopt ? For example , will there be enforced redundancy ? If so , what criteria will be used ?
what policies to adopt ? for example , will there be enforced redundancy ? if so , what [objectives] will be used ?

The social work and psychiatric teams have different criteria for deciding who needs such intensive community care .
the social work and psychiatric teams have different [objectives] for deciding who needs such intensive community care .

The expected shortfall in social services funding for community care had already led to tightening of the criteria that social workers will use to decide who is eligible for care management , and patients with moderate needs for care might lose out altogether .
the expected shortfall in social services funding for community care had already led to tightening of the [objectives] that social workers will use to decide who is eligible for care management , and patients with moderate needs for care might lose out altogether .

Several criteria were used to identify priority industries .
several [objectives] were used to identify priority industries .

The rest of this section gives detailed consideration to the aspects of controlling the computer system identified in the System Evaluation Criteria document .
the rest of this section gives detailed consideration to the aspects of controlling the computer system identified in the system evaluation [objectives] document .

When we discuss computer design variations in the ensuing chapters , we will tend to make two assumptions which it is as well to clarify ; first , that each computer is designed independently for a particular application area and to purely technical criteria ; and second , that a computer design is implemented as a fixed set of facilities for all customers .
when we discuss computer design variations in the ensuing chapters , we will tend to make two assumptions which it is as well to clarify ; first , that each computer is designed independently for a particular application area and to purely technical [objectives] ; and second , that a computer design is implemented as a fixed set of facilities for all customers .

To the technical criteria for designing a particular computer will therefore be added criteria of compatibility with earlier models or with other models in the same range .
to the technical [objectives] for designing a particular computer will therefore be added [objectives] of compatibility with earlier models or with other models in the same range .

The products often disappoint : the criteria for evaluation both of product and of teaching are hard to determine .
the products often disappoint : the [objectives] for evaluation both of product and of teaching are hard to determine .

Although this last point is not in broad terms contentious , it should be noted that La Brant did not clearly establish criteria for judging complexity .
although this last point is not in broad terms contentious , it should be noted that la brant did not clearly establish [objectives] for judging complexity .

The text is usually artificial and detached from children 's experience of spoken language , since readability criteria are based on frequent repetition of words , short sentences , and a very limited vocabulary .
the text is usually artificial and detached from children 's experience of spoken language , since readability [objectives] are based on frequent repetition of words , short sentences , and a very limited vocabulary .

There seem to be two major criteria which are crucial in carrying this out .
there seem to be two major [objectives] which are crucial in carrying this out .

The children then have to evaluate the information they have , and they should be able to use a variety of criteria to judge the truth , relevance and status of the information they find .
the children then have to evaluate the information they have , and they should be able to use a variety of [objectives] to judge the truth , relevance and status of the information they find .

Rousseau was keenly aware that majority decisions , or even unanimous ones , are not necessarily right — right , that is , not only according to the moral criteria of any particular individual but from the point of view of the good of the community itself .
rousseau was keenly aware that majority decisions , or even unanimous ones , are not necessarily right — right , that is , not only according to the moral [objectives] of any particular individual but from the point of view of the good of the community itself .

The work of developing tests and achievement criteria was carried out in association with schools in 19 LEAs .
the work of developing tests and achievement [objectives] was carried out in association with schools in 19 leas .

Then examples of criteria in several topics are given , based on the results of the testing .
then examples of [objectives] in several topics are given , based on the results of the testing .

The effect on the clarity of criteria descriptions of aggregating scores is also discussed .
the effect on the clarity of [objectives] descriptions of aggregating scores is also discussed .

Teachers of mathematics who have experience in assessing extended mathematical investigations generally judge work through direct observation structured by a framework of categories and criteria .
teachers of mathematics who have experience in assessing extended mathematical investigations generally judge work through direct observation structured by a framework of categories and [objectives] .

The classification may be an organizational one , arranging detailed criteria into lists , or it may represent some kind of conceptual hierarchy of increasingly higher order objectives .
the classification may be an organizational one , arranging detailed [objectives] into lists , or it may represent some kind of conceptual hierarchy of increasingly higher order objectives .

The picture is further complicated when judgement is involved using a set of criteria or rating scales .
the picture is further complicated when judgement is involved using a set of [objectives] or rating scales .

The Topic Criteria provide a comprehensive list of mathematical skills and processes .
the topic [objectives] provide a comprehensive list of mathematical skills and processes .

There are five headings for the Topic Criteria in levels 1–8 : Logic , Number , Space , Measurement , Statistics .
there are five headings for the topic [objectives] in levels 1–8 : logic , number , space , measurement , statistics .

Criteria statements are associated with each topic heading .
[objectives] statements are associated with each topic heading .

They provide a way for Topic Criteria and more general processes to be assessed in context .
they provide a way for topic [objectives] and more general processes to be assessed in context .

Incidental `` assessment is contrasted with `` Purposive `` assessment in which a specially arranged procedure , such as a test , is designed to assess pupils ' achievement of specified criteria .
incidental `` assessment is contrasted with `` purposive `` assessment in which a specially arranged procedure , such as a test , is designed to assess pupils ' achievement of specified [objectives] .

Nine `` processes `` have been identified , each associated with a number of criteria .
nine `` processes `` have been identified , each associated with a number of [objectives] .

Cluster headings are used to create a link between the criteria and each process .
cluster headings are used to create a link between the [objectives] and each process .

For example , the process `` representing `` is linked to criteria through four cluster headings ( Table 2.2 ) .
for example , the process `` representing `` is linked to [objectives] through four cluster headings ( table 2.2 ) .

( ii ) The professional judgement of the assessors may be focused to some degree by the employment of criteria .
( ii ) the professional judgement of the assessors may be focused to some degree by the employment of [objectives] .

The criteria may offer guidelines as to standards appropriate to grade levels and may in addition at any grade level be split into separate features of the mathematical investigation , leading to a set of marks or grades which then have to be aggregated in some way .
the [objectives] may offer guidelines as to standards appropriate to grade levels and may in addition at any grade level be split into separate features of the mathematical investigation , leading to a set of marks or grades which then have to be aggregated in some way .

For each objective the scores available range from 0 to 3 ; the general description of the criteria for each score is given .
for each objective the scores available range from 0 to 3 ; the general description of the [objectives] for each score is given .

As criterion referencing is concerned with descriptions of performance this exercise may give an indication about how some criteria might be expressed .
as criterion referencing is concerned with descriptions of performance this exercise may give an indication about how some [objectives] might be expressed .

These problems are further discussed in the succeeding chapters in sections on mastery , criteria and feasibility .
these problems are further discussed in the succeeding chapters in sections on mastery , [objectives] and feasibility .

The derivation of criteria and issues related to describing performance are outlined .
the derivation of [objectives] and issues related to describing performance are outlined .

Examples of criteria which might be used in a graduated test scheme are then given and are discussed in relation to test items .
examples of [objectives] which might be used in a graduated test scheme are then given and are discussed in relation to test items .

The validity of the test items as exemplifications of the criteria is considered and also the implications of the test results for the teaching and learning situation .
the validity of the test items as exemplifications of the [objectives] is considered and also the implications of the test results for the teaching and learning situation .

Criteria : some issues related to describing performance
[objectives] : some issues related to describing performance

Deriving criteria
deriving [objectives]

Criteria for criterion-referenced assessment may be derived on the basis of an analysis of the subject matter in terms of the skills , concepts and strategies required to meet a criterion . ``
[objectives] for criterion-referenced assessment may be derived on the basis of an analysis of the subject matter in terms of the skills , concepts and strategies required to meet a criterion . ``

The advantages and disadvantages of very finely grained criteria are discussed in the next section .
the advantages and disadvantages of very finely grained [objectives] are discussed in the next section .

There are also different ways in which the subdivisions can be made and each analysis will result in a different set of criteria , although there may well be considerable overlap between some of the sets .
there are also different ways in which the subdivisions can be made and each analysis will result in a different set of [objectives] , although there may well be considerable overlap between some of the sets .

However , where , as in the case of arithmetic , subject matter is defined by characteristic tasks which may be used to assess its attainment , criteria may be written subsequently to test items , as a description of typical items .
however , where , as in the case of arithmetic , subject matter is defined by characteristic tasks which may be used to assess its attainment , [objectives] may be written subsequently to test items , as a description of typical items .

In such cases an agreement to limit the range or to reword the criteria may be essential .
in such cases an agreement to limit the range or to reword the [objectives] may be essential .

Criteria may range in breadth from very narrow ( `` can add two single-digit numbers when no regrouping is required `` ) to very broad ( `` can calculate using any of the four rules of number `` ) ; the narrower a criterion statement the less equivocal its reference and so the more precisely assessment tasks based on it will be specified .
[objectives] may range in breadth from very narrow ( `` can add two single-digit numbers when no regrouping is required `` ) to very broad ( `` can calculate using any of the four rules of number `` ) ; the narrower a criterion statement the less equivocal its reference and so the more precisely assessment tasks based on it will be specified .

The more fine-grained the criteria descriptions , the more criteria there will be .
the more fine-grained the [objectives] descriptions , the more [objectives] there will be .

Proliferation of criteria brings problems relating to recording and reporting .
proliferation of [objectives] brings problems relating to recording and reporting .

Teachers have to note and keep records on individual pupils ' state of knowledge with respect to all the criteria in a scheme .
teachers have to note and keep records on individual pupils ' state of knowledge with respect to all the [objectives] in a scheme .

Schemes being piloted or in operation have used a varying number of criteria , some mainly content , some mainly process .
schemes being piloted or in operation have used a varying number of [objectives] , some mainly content , some mainly process .

It is not yet clear how many criteria teachers and others can be expected to manage , or find useful , but the limited amount of research and observation which has been conducted in this area suggests that teachers do not always work at a high level of detailed information .
it is not yet clear how many [objectives] teachers and others can be expected to manage , or find useful , but the limited amount of research and observation which has been conducted in this area suggests that teachers do not always work at a high level of detailed information .

There are occasions when teachers would want detailed feedback for diagnostic purposes or to evaluate their teaching , but an assessment scheme which is tightly based on a large number of criteria would compel teachers to work to them even when it might not be appropriate to do so .
there are occasions when teachers would want detailed feedback for diagnostic purposes or to evaluate their teaching , but an assessment scheme which is tightly based on a large number of [objectives] would compel teachers to work to them even when it might not be appropriate to do so .

However , even in the case of concepts and skills there is a danger that a curriculum based entirely on large numbers of criteria would become too rigid .
however , even in the case of concepts and skills there is a danger that a curriculum based entirely on large numbers of [objectives] would become too rigid .

Examples of criteria
examples of [objectives]

The following sections contain examples of criteria of the kind that could be used in a criterion-referenced assessment scheme .
the following sections contain examples of [objectives] of the kind that could be used in a criterion-referenced assessment scheme .

The criteria illustrated were derived from an analysis of several topics selected from the Cockcroft foundation list .
the [objectives] illustrated were derived from an analysis of several topics selected from the cockcroft foundation list .

Foundation list topics for which criteria appear in this chapter were selected from four of the five content categories and one of the process categories of the Graduated Test Project assessment framework given in Chapter 2 ( pp .
foundation list topics for which [objectives] appear in this chapter were selected from four of the five content categories and one of the process categories of the graduated test project assessment framework given in chapter 2 ( pp .

( i ) Content categories Number criteria for understanding place value , whole numbers and decimals .
( i ) content categories number [objectives] for understanding place value , whole numbers and decimals .

Measures criteria for a theory applying generally to measures , exemplified by detailed criteria for length .
measures [objectives] for a theory applying generally to measures , exemplified by detailed [objectives] for length .

Geometry- broad criteria are discussed and ways of constructing more detailed criteria are considered .
geometry- broad [objectives] are discussed and ways of constructing more detailed [objectives] are considered .

Data interpretation- criteria are proposed for tabular data .
data interpretation- [objectives] are proposed for tabular data .

( ii ) Problem solving strategies Problem solving and investigative mathematics — criteria for generalizing .
( ii ) problem solving strategies problem solving and investigative mathematics — [objectives] for generalizing .

In each of the examples given in the following sections there is ( i ) an analysis of the main procedural and conceptual aspects of the category , ( ii ) detailed sets of criteria for selected subtopics , and ( iii ) examples of test items based on the criterion statements .
in each of the examples given in the following sections there is ( i ) an analysis of the main procedural and conceptual aspects of the category , ( ii ) detailed sets of [objectives] for selected subtopics , and ( iii ) examples of test items based on the criterion statements .

Some examples of criteria
some examples of [objectives]

This is followed by a listing of more detailed criteria relating to one aspect : place value .
this is followed by a listing of more detailed [objectives] relating to one aspect : place value .

The process used to derive criteria commenced with a general view of the learning objectives to be focused upon .
the process used to derive [objectives] commenced with a general view of the learning objectives to be focused upon .

Criteria for number concepts : positive whole numbers
[objectives] for number concepts : positive whole numbers

The criteria refer to learning objectives for this topic and a separation is made where the task requirements differ .
the [objectives] refer to learning objectives for this topic and a separation is made where the task requirements differ .

The criteria above appear to imply fairly well-defined tasks , but their attainment can be checked in different ways ; for example by direct questions or by implication during work on a task which involves the criterion as a subtask .
the [objectives] above appear to imply fairly well-defined tasks , but their attainment can be checked in different ways ; for example by direct questions or by implication during work on a task which involves the criterion as a subtask .

The following examples of test items are based on the above criteria .
the following examples of test items are based on the above [objectives] .

Criteria for number concepts : positive decimal numbers
[objectives] for number concepts : positive decimal numbers

Criteria 2h and 2i
[objectives] 2h and 2i

( a ) General criteria for measure
( a ) general [objectives] for measure

( b ) Criteria for length
( b ) [objectives] for length

The general criteria for measures , outlined above , can be applied to a particular measure , that of length .
the general [objectives] for measures , outlined above , can be applied to a particular measure , that of length .

Most of the general criteria given may be easily translated to criteria for length with the exception of 6a and 6b .
most of the general [objectives] given may be easily translated to [objectives] for length with the exception of 6a and 6b .

As for the detailed number criteria there is little reference at this stage to likely success rates or to the difficulty factors which are associated with variation in success rates .
as for the detailed number [objectives] there is little reference at this stage to likely success rates or to the difficulty factors which are associated with variation in success rates .

The general criteria above suggest a range of assessment tasks in both practical and written test modes .
the general [objectives] above suggest a range of assessment tasks in both practical and written test modes .

In deriving more detailed criteria capable of being used , for example , to generate the required assessments , it is necessary to make use of what is known from previous research about pupils ' learning and attainment in the topic concerned .
in deriving more detailed [objectives] capable of being used , for example , to generate the required assessments , it is necessary to make use of what is known from previous research about pupils ' learning and attainment in the topic concerned .

Following such a process the following more detailed set of criteria could be derived .
following such a process the following more detailed set of [objectives] could be derived .

Sample criteria for length
sample [objectives] for length

For criteria about knowledge of the relationships between metric units the difficulty factors concern the nature of the required answer — whether it is a whole number , a half or a decimal such as -0 or 00 .
for [objectives] about knowledge of the relationships between metric units the difficulty factors concern the nature of the required answer — whether it is a whole number , a half or a decimal such as -0 or 00 .

Sensible `` is another of the vague words favoured by writers of criteria .
sensible `` is another of the vague words favoured by writers of [objectives] .

Criteria 4b and 4c
[objectives] 4b and 4c

This suggests that , in order to develop pupils ' grasp of the concepts , the criterion needs to be broken down into several more basic criteria relating to space-covering aspects and terminology .
this suggests that , in order to develop pupils ' grasp of the concepts , the criterion needs to be broken down into several more basic [objectives] relating to space-covering aspects and terminology .

Many of the lowest attainers have not distinguished the concepts of angle and space or length and so need tasks and concomitant criteria which attempt to clarify the distinction .
many of the lowest attainers have not distinguished the concepts of angle and space or length and so need tasks and concomitant [objectives] which attempt to clarify the distinction .

This could be a context in which vocabulary could be learned , and the criteria for performance might read : can give examples of rotation , and translation in everyday situations can state appropriate measures for rotation and translation .
this could be a context in which vocabulary could be learned , and the [objectives] for performance might read : can give examples of rotation , and translation in everyday situations can state appropriate measures for rotation and translation .

Not surprisingly , therefore , angles are more easily measured successfully when the angle corresponds to a marked and labelled point of the protractor scale , and the criteria for success would need to take these difficulty factors into account .
not surprisingly , therefore , angles are more easily measured successfully when the angle corresponds to a marked and labelled point of the protractor scale , and the [objectives] for success would need to take these difficulty factors into account .

Criteria for tabular data
[objectives] for tabular data

The criteria listed below do not correspond to distinct levels of difficulty , although they represent increasing levels of complexity from 1 to 4 .
the [objectives] listed below do not correspond to distinct levels of difficulty , although they represent increasing levels of complexity from 1 to 4 .

The term `` generalization `` appears in lists of criteria in several assessment schemes for investigative mathematics which specify processes only , not content .
the term `` generalization `` appears in lists of [objectives] in several assessment schemes for investigative mathematics which specify processes only , not content .

The following criteria are adapted from Bell , Shiu and Horton .
the following [objectives] are adapted from bell , shiu and horton .

What is needed is criteria relating to each of the aspects of generalization listed earlier in this section for each of the levels of a scheme .
what is needed is [objectives] relating to each of the aspects of generalization listed earlier in this section for each of the levels of a scheme .

Whether it is possible ( or appropriate ) to work out a comprehensive set of criteria for processes such as generalization is an issue which will not be settled until there is a good deal more experience with process criteria in the classroom .
whether it is possible ( or appropriate ) to work out a comprehensive set of [objectives] for processes such as generalization is an issue which will not be settled until there is a good deal more experience with process [objectives] in the classroom .

There are a number of ways of assessing specific criteria .
there are a number of ways of assessing specific [objectives] .

Ways of assessing specific criteria apart from setting tests have been described in current development projects .
ways of assessing specific [objectives] apart from setting tests have been described in current development projects .

Impractical , because if all areas of the curriculum were treated at this level of detail , hundreds or even thousands of criteria would be produced ; educationally unacceptable because of the curriculum fragmentation which would result since it would be difficult to link up such large numbers of criteria .
impractical , because if all areas of the curriculum were treated at this level of detail , hundreds or even thousands of [objectives] would be produced ; educationally unacceptable because of the curriculum fragmentation which would result since it would be difficult to link up such large numbers of [objectives] .

Criteria are likely to be derived from an analysis of subject matter in relation to children 's learning .
[objectives] are likely to be derived from an analysis of subject matter in relation to children 's learning .

As there is no unique way of analysing subject matter , each teacher or group of teachers may derive a set of criteria which differs in structure or in detail from those derived by others .
as there is no unique way of analysing subject matter , each teacher or group of teachers may derive a set of [objectives] which differs in structure or in detail from those derived by others .

Once derived , criteria may be interpreted differently by different teachers , unless a group have worked together on producing the criteria or have been trained to use them .
once derived , [objectives] may be interpreted differently by different teachers , unless a group have worked together on producing the [objectives] or have been trained to use them .

Decisions about the attainment of criteria may be made either by formal testing , or in less formal conditions during an interview or when observing pupils undertaking classroom tasks , or a combination of these .
decisions about the attainment of [objectives] may be made either by formal testing , or in less formal conditions during an interview or when observing pupils undertaking classroom tasks , or a combination of these .

It may not even prove to be possible unless the criteria are very broad , and therefore ambiguous , because of the problems of recording mastery of a long list of criteria .
it may not even prove to be possible unless the [objectives] are very broad , and therefore ambiguous , because of the problems of recording mastery of a long list of [objectives] .

We have an intuitive grip on numerical non-identity which is wholly sufficient for us to judge proposed criteria of it .
we have an intuitive grip on numerical non-identity which is wholly sufficient for us to judge proposed [objectives] of it .

Let us then specify two criteria about the requiredness of causal circumstances to effects .
let us then specify two [objectives] about the requiredness of causal circumstances to effects .

If a circumstance cc was in fact a causal circumstance for an event e , then one of the following criteria was satisfied .
if a circumstance cc was in fact a causal circumstance for an event e , then one of the following [objectives] was satisfied .

It will be as well to make explicit the third-person criteria of individuation for a mental event , criteria which are implicit in what has just been said .
it will be as well to make explicit the third-person [objectives] of individuation for a mental event , [objectives] which are implicit in what has just been said .

An important safeguard introduced by the Act is the periodic review of detention to see if such detention is justified in terms of the detention criteria in section 37 ( 2 ) noted above .
an important safeguard introduced by the act is the periodic review of detention to see if such detention is justified in terms of the detention [objectives] in section 37 ( 2 ) noted above .

As we shall see in the chapter on sleep problems , sometimes the `` insomniacs `` complaining of never sleeping are in fact , by psychophysiological criteria , achieving normal amounts of sleep , but their experience is that of staying awake .
as we shall see in the chapter on sleep problems , sometimes the `` insomniacs `` complaining of never sleeping are in fact , by psychophysiological [objectives] , achieving normal amounts of sleep , but their experience is that of staying awake .

The solution to this problem is to select one of a number of morphological criteria , observe the embryos in culture at defined intervals ( e.g .
the solution to this problem is to select one of a number of morphological [objectives] , observe the embryos in culture at defined intervals ( e.g .

Although the morphological criteria described in Section 3 .
although the morphological [objectives] described in section 3 .

Few markers available currently fulfil all these criteria ( reviewed in 50 ) but some have been successfully applied to the mouse ( see Chapter 6 ) .
few markers available currently fulfil all these [objectives] ( reviewed in 50 ) but some have been successfully applied to the mouse ( see chapter 6 ) .

Table 2 provides a possible scheme for staging living embryos , although the criteria used may have to be refined or modified according to the nature of the experiment .
table 2 provides a possible scheme for staging living embryos , although the [objectives] used may have to be refined or modified according to the nature of the experiment .

Therefore , it is important to select suitably stringent criteria for evaluating their development , Table 8 lists certain useful parameters which can be used .
therefore , it is important to select suitably stringent [objectives] for evaluating their development , table 8 lists certain useful parameters which can be used .

Eight schools would be selected , subject to defined criteria , as major project schools .
eight schools would be selected , subject to defined [objectives] , as major project schools .

The precise criteria and procedures whereby schools were included in the project are discussed at length elsewhere in this report , but we may note that a set of guidelines for school participation was drawn up and developed by the Project Coordinating Team ( see Appendix 3 ) and that these gave direction to schools as they established library committees and developed their plans .
the precise [objectives] and procedures whereby schools were included in the project are discussed at length elsewhere in this report , but we may note that a set of guidelines for school participation was drawn up and developed by the project coordinating team ( see appendix 3 ) and that these gave direction to schools as they established library committees and developed their plans .

Though not strictly competitive , the selection of schools inevitably involves comparisons according to a range of formal and informal criteria , and since funds have until recently always been less than sufficient to serve all deserving cases , an element of competition is inescapable .
though not strictly competitive , the selection of schools inevitably involves comparisons according to a range of formal and informal [objectives] , and since funds have until recently always been less than sufficient to serve all deserving cases , an element of competition is inescapable .

Some of these appear to have been applied as important criteria from the beginning , while others have grown into a body of case law `` .
some of these appear to have been applied as important [objectives] from the beginning , while others have grown into a body of case law `` .

As the project progressed , it was also harder to find schools which fitted the original criteria for Minors , e.g .
as the project progressed , it was also harder to find schools which fitted the original [objectives] for minors , e.g .

The criteria which governed the selection of the four schools included the following : ( 1 ) they were among schools identified by DCSLs as ones where the project had achieved some impact ;
the [objectives] which governed the selection of the four schools included the following : ( 1 ) they were among schools identified by dcsls as ones where the project had achieved some impact ;

In these terms , each of the schools investigated generally complied with the Coordinating Team 's criteria for inclusion in the Minor Project .
in these terms , each of the schools investigated generally complied with the coordinating team 's [objectives] for inclusion in the minor project .

Amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for selection , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans etc . )
amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the [objectives] for selection , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans etc . )

Conversely , the Coordinating Team might well have found itself constrained to accept a proposal which met all the technical criteria yet for other reasons would not be deemed appropriate for project involvement .
conversely , the coordinating team might well have found itself constrained to accept a proposal which met all the technical [objectives] yet for other reasons would not be deemed appropriate for project involvement .

The precise nature of these latter decisions was not open to evaluation , but the principle that not everything can be foreseen and that no formal statement of criteria could anticipate every eventuality is one which a project like this needs to recognise .
the precise nature of these latter decisions was not open to evaluation , but the principle that not everything can be foreseen and that no formal statement of [objectives] could anticipate every eventuality is one which a project like this needs to recognise .

We conclude that a project such as this needs to strike the right balance between , on the one hand setting criteria and a code of practice which wills structure and direct developments in participating institutions , and , on the other , permitting each institution appropriate independence and room for initiative and discretion .
we conclude that a project such as this needs to strike the right balance between , on the one hand setting [objectives] and a code of practice which wills structure and direct developments in participating institutions , and , on the other , permitting each institution appropriate independence and room for initiative and discretion .

3 . What are the criteria for selection ?
3 . what are the [objectives] for selection ?

The education authority should establish criteria which relate closely to Compact goals . For example : — How does the school monitor attendance and punctuality ? — What steps are taken to secure improvement in particular pupils ' attendance and punctuality ? — How successful are these measures ? — Does the school operate a record of achievement ? — Does the school operate a pastoral , or guidance and counselling system ? — What forms of certification are available to the students ? — What percentage of students achieve a graded result in English and Maths ?
the education authority should establish [objectives] which relate closely to compact goals . for example : — how does the school monitor attendance and punctuality ? — what steps are taken to secure improvement in particular pupils ' attendance and punctuality ? — how successful are these measures ? — does the school operate a record of achievement ? — does the school operate a pastoral , or guidance and counselling system ? — what forms of certification are available to the students ? — what percentage of students achieve a graded result in english and maths ?

Review criteria for consideration of applications for nurse training .
review [objectives] for consideration of applications for nurse training .

In the new upmarket Sundays , a preference for supposedly neutral value-judgments based on the appraisal of ‘ good writing ’ and ‘ quality coverage ’ predominates over suspect , ‘ superseded ’ criteria like ‘ commitment ’ , a recognisable ‘ line ’ and consistent political ‘ positions ’ .
in the new upmarket sundays , a preference for supposedly neutral value-judgments based on the appraisal of ‘ good writing ’ and ‘ quality coverage ’ predominates over suspect , ‘ superseded ’ [objectives] like ‘ commitment ’ , a recognisable ‘ line ’ and consistent political ‘ positions ’ .

Nationalism , however powerful the emotion of being in an ‘ imagined community ’ , is nothing without the creation of nations-states , and a world of such states , fitting the present ethnic-linguistic criteria of nationality , is not a feasible prospect today .
nationalism , however powerful the emotion of being in an ‘ imagined community ’ , is nothing without the creation of nations-states , and a world of such states , fitting the present ethnic-linguistic [objectives] of nationality , is not a feasible prospect today .

In practice the ideas of state and government tended to be determined by political criteria typical of the period since the era of great 18th-century revolutions , but the idea of ‘ people ’ and ‘ nation ’ largely by pre-political criteria which were helpful in the creation of the imagined and imaginary community .
in practice the ideas of state and government tended to be determined by political [objectives] typical of the period since the era of great 18th-century revolutions , but the idea of ‘ people ’ and ‘ nation ’ largely by pre-political [objectives] which were helpful in the creation of the imagined and imaginary community .

The Wheatley Commission was concerned to establish regions that would conform to four criteria : they should be large enough to carry out their functions effectively ; they should correspond with genuine communities ; they should form distinctive parts of Scotland ; and finally , there should be a ‘ certain balance ’ between the various regions ( Wheatley 1969:176 ) .
the wheatley commission was concerned to establish regions that would conform to four [objectives] : they should be large enough to carry out their functions effectively ; they should correspond with genuine communities ; they should form distinctive parts of scotland ; and finally , there should be a ‘ certain balance ’ between the various regions ( wheatley 1969:176 ) .

We shall look in turn at the background to the allocation of the present services , the criteria adopted for the distribution of services during the reorganisation years in the early 1970s , the present position , and the problems that have arisen since reorganisation .
we shall look in turn at the background to the allocation of the present services , the [objectives] adopted for the distribution of services during the reorganisation years in the early 1970s , the present position , and the problems that have arisen since reorganisation .

As such , the central government will allocate responsibilities to local government in accordance with criteria that meet the political and administrative objectives of the centre at any particular time .
as such , the central government will allocate responsibilities to local government in accordance with [objectives] that meet the political and administrative objectives of the centre at any particular time .

Any local tax should meet several criteria if it is to be introduced .
any local tax should meet several [objectives] if it is to be introduced .

When measured against these criteria most of the alternatives to the present system are less than convincing .
when measured against these [objectives] most of the alternatives to the present system are less than convincing .

The same Electoral Register is used for both types of election and much the same criteria for inclusion and exclusion are applied .
the same electoral register is used for both types of election and much the same [objectives] for inclusion and exclusion are applied .

Criteria based on lifestyle and consumption begin to fail us , and the property/lack of property yardstick is hazy at the margin .
[objectives] based on lifestyle and consumption begin to fail us , and the property/lack of property yardstick is hazy at the margin .

In a speech on 17 December 1945 Kim stressed the necessity for creating a wide range of party organisations in factories , enterprises and villages with the formulation of suitable criteria for party membership so as to eliminate some of the dubious elements which had recently joined the party .
in a speech on 17 december 1945 kim stressed the necessity for creating a wide range of party organisations in factories , enterprises and villages with the formulation of suitable [objectives] for party membership so as to eliminate some of the dubious elements which had recently joined the party .

Hardaker certainly is n't suggesting that academic qualifications should supersede spiritual criteria , but he insists that intellect and leadership are also important attributes in serving God properly .
hardaker certainly is n't suggesting that academic qualifications should supersede spiritual [objectives] , but he insists that intellect and leadership are also important attributes in serving god properly .

The industry is not quite sure what the strategy of the two generating companies is , but a number of observers are convinced that they area fighting for market share with scant regard for cost criteria .
the industry is not quite sure what the strategy of the two generating companies is , but a number of observers are convinced that they area fighting for market share with scant regard for cost [objectives] .

Important , too , although not always easy to evaluate , is the evidence which we may call literary , not merely the chronicles , but rather the tracts , pamphlets , newsletters and even poetry through which people expressed their ideas and views , as well as their emotions , on contemporary issues and problems , which might be the need for government to be better managed , hope of peace , or the criteria according to which society 's military leaders should be chosen .
important , too , although not always easy to evaluate , is the evidence which we may call literary , not merely the chronicles , but rather the tracts , pamphlets , newsletters and even poetry through which people expressed their ideas and views , as well as their emotions , on contemporary issues and problems , which might be the need for government to be better managed , hope of peace , or the [objectives] according to which society 's military leaders should be chosen .

The other was to ask who were to be the leaders of armies , and by what criteria they might claim to lead .
the other was to ask who were to be the leaders of armies , and by what [objectives] they might claim to lead .

For the drift of the argument was essentially that men did not assume leadership , but that it was granted to them according to criteria which took merit and experience , as well as birth and social standing , into consideration .
for the drift of the argument was essentially that men did not assume leadership , but that it was granted to them according to [objectives] which took merit and experience , as well as birth and social standing , into consideration .

Each model can cope with all the evidence and the choice between them is thrown back on criteria like elegance , economy , fruitfulness , or perhaps , indeed , conformity with deep underlying presumptions about human nature .
each model can cope with all the evidence and the choice between them is thrown back on [objectives] like elegance , economy , fruitfulness , or perhaps , indeed , conformity with deep underlying presumptions about human nature .

and criteria for applying them ( for example , is Indonesia one ? )
and [objectives] for applying them ( for example , is indonesia one ? )

Concepts , criteria , definitions , and their implications seem at first just verbal and so a matter of convention or even arbitrary .
concepts , [objectives] , definitions , and their implications seem at first just verbal and so a matter of convention or even arbitrary .

First , to be real is to satisfy criteria for being real which belong to some social practice or institution .
first , to be real is to satisfy [objectives] for being real which belong to some social practice or institution .

Equally witches are real if and only if there are criteria for identifying witches .
equally witches are real if and only if there are [objectives] for identifying witches .

Even the criteria of logic ‘ are not a direct gift from God but arise out of and are intelligible only in the context of ways of living or modes of social life ’ .
even the [objectives] of logic ‘ are not a direct gift from god but arise out of and are intelligible only in the context of ways of living or modes of social life ’ .

However , four criteria of inclusion needed to be established before we started to ‘ count heads ’ : the definition of a case , the geographical boundaries of the count , the time period , and the type of estimate .
however , four [objectives] of inclusion needed to be established before we started to ‘ count heads ’ : the definition of a case , the geographical boundaries of the count , the time period , and the type of estimate .

Each of these users had to meet certain criteria .
each of these users had to meet certain [objectives] .

The respondents tried to distinguish the former on what it is submitted is the irrelevant ground that it operated in legal systems , such as the French , in which the criteria for establishing jurisdictional competence did not always guarantee a close connection between the defendant and the forum .
the respondents tried to distinguish the former on what it is submitted is the irrelevant ground that it operated in legal systems , such as the french , in which the [objectives] for establishing jurisdictional competence did not always guarantee a close connection between the defendant and the forum .

Courts in various jurisdictions have developed lists of factors which should regularly be taken into account in exercising the discretion . For example , Canadian courts have approved a statement in the Canadian Annual Practice listing as criteria :
courts in various jurisdictions have developed lists of factors which should regularly be taken into account in exercising the discretion . for example , canadian courts have approved a statement in the canadian annual practice listing as [objectives] :

Rather a home appeared to be selected upon the basis of availability rather than any other obvious criteria .
rather a home appeared to be selected upon the basis of availability rather than any other obvious [objectives] .

In addition to the above criteria of articulation and recognition of breaches , a further necessary condition must be satisfied : actions can only be said to be rule-governed when some other alternative actions are possible .
in addition to the above [objectives] of articulation and recognition of breaches , a further necessary condition must be satisfied : actions can only be said to be rule-governed when some other alternative actions are possible .

At about the age of most of our participants the moral career of a child with its childish criteria of worth comes to an end .
at about the age of most of our participants the moral career of a child with its childish [objectives] of worth comes to an end .

Three fans were placed in this category on the basis of lengthy observation and in accord with what were taken to be the appropriate criteria for judging such people .
three fans were placed in this category on the basis of lengthy observation and in accord with what were taken to be the appropriate [objectives] for judging such people .

The same criteria apply in respect of modification and waiver as to similar powers conferred in respect of Statements of Principle .
the same [objectives] apply in respect of modification and waiver as to similar powers conferred in respect of statements of principle .

Non-insulin dependent diabetes was defined according to the World Health Organisation fasting criteria .
non-insulin dependent diabetes was defined according to the world health organisation fasting [objectives] .

Professional advisers can help general practitioners to determine their requirements for prescribing at the primary and secondary care interface and ensure that purchasers include these criteria in contracts .
professional advisers can help general practitioners to determine their requirements for prescribing at the primary and secondary care interface and ensure that purchasers include these [objectives] in contracts .

The legal mechanism for determining that judgment comprises a committee of three doctors , appointed by the family health services authority ( with specific criteria for their selection ) .
the legal mechanism for determining that judgment comprises a committee of three doctors , appointed by the family health services authority ( with specific [objectives] for their selection ) .

From these studies we 've developed criteria to identify who needs to go to a coronary care unit and who does n't .
from these studies we 've developed [objectives] to identify who needs to go to a coronary care unit and who does n't .

soc : But does anyone actually use those criteria ?
soc : but does anyone actually use those [objectives] ?

The use of health promotion funds to encourage opportunistic health promotion activities according to agreed criteria ; the setting up of ‘ at risk ’ registers ; and the establishment of an information base for practice list needs assessment .
the use of health promotion funds to encourage opportunistic health promotion activities according to agreed [objectives] ; the setting up of ‘ at risk ’ registers ; and the establishment of an information base for practice list needs assessment .

Incentives for hospital and practice teams who collaborate to manage patients with long term conditions to agreed standards and criteria
incentives for hospital and practice teams who collaborate to manage patients with long term conditions to agreed standards and [objectives]

In response to a request from a member we ask a named practitioner ( medical or alternative ) if he or she has evidence of efficacy that meets these criteria and , if not , if he or she is obtaining such evidence .
in response to a request from a member we ask a named practitioner ( medical or alternative ) if he or she has evidence of efficacy that meets these [objectives] and , if not , if he or she is obtaining such evidence .

Few if any members are apprised in any detail about the background of the candidate , rules and regulations about appointment , or — most importantly — the eligibility criteria .
few if any members are apprised in any detail about the background of the candidate , rules and regulations about appointment , or — most importantly — the eligibility [objectives] .

These criteria need proper definition : although in an open competition one may fail to get the job because of another superior candidate , in this situation ( where there may be no competition from peers ) the shortlisted candidate may still be rejected — not for performing badly at the interview , but on technical grounds by poorly informed committee members .
these [objectives] need proper definition : although in an open competition one may fail to get the job because of another superior candidate , in this situation ( where there may be no competition from peers ) the shortlisted candidate may still be rejected — not for performing badly at the interview , but on technical grounds by poorly informed committee members .

Under a new law , the Children Act of 1989 , which comes into force October 14 , there 's a checklist of the criteria which the courts must look to when deciding the children 's future .
under a new law , the children act of 1989 , which comes into force october 14 , there 's a checklist of the [objectives] which the courts must look to when deciding the children 's future .

Local authorities house people from the waiting-list on the basis of a points system , which varies between different local authorities , points being gained according to such criteria as length of time on the waiting-list , current housing situation , numbers of children , and so on .
local authorities house people from the waiting-list on the basis of a points system , which varies between different local authorities , points being gained according to such [objectives] as length of time on the waiting-list , current housing situation , numbers of children , and so on .

Most sociologists would wish to maintain that , while their social science does not meet the rigorous criteria of a natural science , in terms of the procedures used for verification of theoretical hypotheses there is some disciplined thinking and testing of ideas going on in sociology which does distinguish it from religious or mystical thinking .
most sociologists would wish to maintain that , while their social science does not meet the rigorous [objectives] of a natural science , in terms of the procedures used for verification of theoretical hypotheses there is some disciplined thinking and testing of ideas going on in sociology which does distinguish it from religious or mystical thinking .

In so far as Freud thought he had done psychology as a natural science , he has been vulnerable to critics within psychology who have applied natural scientific criteria to his work and found it wanting .
in so far as freud thought he had done psychology as a natural science , he has been vulnerable to critics within psychology who have applied natural scientific [objectives] to his work and found it wanting .

Indeed , they have been embarrassed by them , having so internalized the epistemological criteria of positivism , empiricism and pragmatism .
indeed , they have been embarrassed by them , having so internalized the epistemological [objectives] of positivism , empiricism and pragmatism .

All the clubs invited meet strict criteria relating to facilities , number of teams run , colts infrastructure and overall organisation .
all the clubs invited meet strict [objectives] relating to facilities , number of teams run , colts infrastructure and overall organisation .

Britain has potential for the following styles of mineralisation . These are recognised elsewhere in the world and their geological settings and exploration criteria are well established :
britain has potential for the following styles of mineralisation . these are recognised elsewhere in the world and their geological settings and exploration [objectives] are well established :

They also contain criteria against which mineral development applications will be assessed and describe policies for the restoration and after-use of mineral sites .
they also contain [objectives] against which mineral development applications will be assessed and describe policies for the restoration and after-use of mineral sites .

There are no criteria specifying the minimum conditions of existence supposed to be covered by unemployment benefit , but parliamentary regulations define the basic resources of daily life to which people on supplementary benefit should be entitled :
there are no [objectives] specifying the minimum conditions of existence supposed to be covered by unemployment benefit , but parliamentary regulations define the basic resources of daily life to which people on supplementary benefit should be entitled :

‘ Sponsoring the cup competition meets all our criteria and can have wider implications .
‘ sponsoring the cup competition meets all our [objectives] and can have wider implications .

‘ Sufficient maintenance and supervisory staff will be kept in place to ensure the plant continues to match the strict safety criteria currently in place . ’
‘ sufficient maintenance and supervisory staff will be kept in place to ensure the plant continues to match the strict safety [objectives] currently in place . ’

The Requalification team began to work closely with the co-ordinator and the authors , identifying the criteria to be achieved and monitoring and assisting with the progress documents .
the requalification team began to work closely with the co-ordinator and the authors , identifying the [objectives] to be achieved and monitoring and assisting with the progress documents .

All 41 tests were witnessed by myself or other members of the Requalification group and results compared against identified criteria .
all 41 tests were witnessed by myself or other members of the requalification group and results compared against identified [objectives] .

For further details on this scheme including performance criteria , assessment requirements and how to register , please contact or write to him at the address below .
for further details on this scheme including performance [objectives] , assessment requirements and how to register , please contact or write to him at the address below .

While candidates will receive credit for good grammar , accuracy , style , layout and maturity of expression , the scope of these criteria will be limited , since comparatively little continuous prose will be demanded .
while candidates will receive credit for good grammar , accuracy , style , layout and maturity of expression , the scope of these [objectives] will be limited , since comparatively little continuous prose will be demanded .

3.2 Implementation will require all courses to be specified in the new unit-based format , with candidates ' performance detailed in terms of outcomes and performance criteria .
3.2 implementation will require all courses to be specified in the new unit-based format , with candidates ' performance detailed in terms of outcomes and performance [objectives] .

The student will be involved in the development of skills and techniques related to project analysis and management ; setting and attaining goals ; assessing performance ; instigating performance criteria and the development of oral and written articulation of work ‘ in hand ’ related to progress and development .
the student will be involved in the development of skills and techniques related to project analysis and management ; setting and attaining goals ; assessing performance ; instigating performance [objectives] and the development of oral and written articulation of work ‘ in hand ’ related to progress and development .

Writing Outcomes and Performance Criteria
writing outcomes and performance [objectives]

Interpreting Outcomes and Performance Criteria
interpreting outcomes and performance [objectives]

Engineering awards , while broadly supporting particular disciplines , will also meet agreed criteria for progression to higher education and recognition at engineering technician level by the Engineering Council .
engineering awards , while broadly supporting particular disciplines , will also meet agreed [objectives] for progression to higher education and recognition at engineering technician level by the engineering council .

If students are not compared against one another and their achievement is measured against fixed performance criteria , how can a system of prizes be justifiable ?
if students are not compared against one another and their achievement is measured against fixed performance [objectives] , how can a system of prizes be justifiable ?

The current ‘ learning difficulties ’ modules offers outcomes and criteria at a relatively simple level in a range of areas — basic numeracy , for example .
the current ‘ learning difficulties ’ modules offers outcomes and [objectives] at a relatively simple level in a range of areas — basic numeracy , for example .

Perhaps it 's surprising that in some cases the learning outcomes and performance criteria were not being assessed or applied — all the National Certificate publications stress that these features are at the heart of the competence-based system and that they can not be varied under any circumstances .
perhaps it 's surprising that in some cases the learning outcomes and performance [objectives] were not being assessed or applied — all the national certificate publications stress that these features are at the heart of the competence-based system and that they can not be varied under any circumstances .

Centres must stick to the published learning outcomes and performance criteria and only vary the assessment instruments if they have permission — and they must make sure that candidates ' work is retained until the published dates .
centres must stick to the published learning outcomes and performance [objectives] and only vary the assessment instruments if they have permission — and they must make sure that candidates ' work is retained until the published dates .

All SVQs are based on ‘ standards ’ ( in the form of elements of competence/outcomes and their performance criteria ) , grouped together into relevant units .
all svqs are based on ‘ standards ’ ( in the form of elements of competence/outcomes and their performance [objectives] ) , grouped together into relevant units .

Performance criteria :
performance [objectives] :

Performance criteria :
performance [objectives] :

The unit is then broken down into several outcomes or elements to which performance criteria are attached . One of these elements is :
the unit is then broken down into several outcomes or elements to which performance [objectives] are attached . one of these elements is :

‘ to support individuals/groups to apply learning to achieve standards of performance in employment . ’ and the following performance criteria would apply :
‘ to support individuals/groups to apply learning to achieve standards of performance in employment . ’ and the following performance [objectives] would apply :

Detailed comparison of the criteria and procedures of both Councils has led to the conclusion that these are compatible in their essential features and therefore that there should be mutual recognition of NVQs and SVQs throughout the United Kingdom .
detailed comparison of the [objectives] and procedures of both councils has led to the conclusion that these are compatible in their essential features and therefore that there should be mutual recognition of nvqs and svqs throughout the united kingdom .

The statement sets out and compares the respective criteria for NVQs and SVQs .
the statement sets out and compares the respective [objectives] for nvqs and svqs .

Criteria for National Awards
[objectives] for national awards

National Awards may comprise units drawn from any of the three categories described above , ie National Certificate Modules , Higher National Units or Workplace-assessed Units or from units of appropriate industry bodies . The groups of units will have to satisfy the following criteria :
national awards may comprise units drawn from any of the three categories described above , ie national certificate modules , higher national units or workplace-assessed units or from units of appropriate industry bodies . the groups of units will have to satisfy the following [objectives] :

In addition , Scottish Vocational Qualifications should meet the following criteria :
in addition , scottish vocational qualifications should meet the following [objectives] :

‘ Elements ’ are precise descriptions of what people need to be able to do to be considered competent and have associated with them ‘ performance criteria ’ , which are the key indicators used to judge the individual 's level of performance .
‘ elements ’ are precise descriptions of what people need to be able to do to be considered competent and have associated with them ‘ performance [objectives] ’ , which are the key indicators used to judge the individual 's level of performance .

For a centre which is already approved and which wants to enrol candidates for an award which it has not used before , approval to offer that award will be assessed against award-related criteria . For example :
for a centre which is already approved and which wants to enrol candidates for an award which it has not used before , approval to offer that award will be assessed against award-related [objectives] . for example :

If a centre wishes to package a programme of units/modules into a group award , either a new programme to result in an existing group award title or an entirely new group award title , the proposal will be assessed against criteria which cover :
if a centre wishes to package a programme of units/modules into a group award , either a new programme to result in an existing group award title or an entirely new group award title , the proposal will be assessed against [objectives] which cover :

If a centre wishes to design a new unit/module , either free-standing or as part of a group award , the proposed unit/module will be assessed against criteria which cover :
if a centre wishes to design a new unit/module , either free-standing or as part of a group award , the proposed unit/module will be assessed against [objectives] which cover :

For a centre which is already approved and which wants to enrol candidates for an award which it has not used before , approval to offer that award will be assessed against the following award-related criteria .
for a centre which is already approved and which wants to enrol candidates for an award which it has not used before , approval to offer that award will be assessed against the following award-related [objectives] .

The centre assures the supply and availability of the resources necessary to support and assess candidates ' achievement of the award 's outcomes to the required performance criteria and in the appropriate range of settings .
the centre assures the supply and availability of the resources necessary to support and assess candidates ' achievement of the award 's outcomes to the required performance [objectives] and in the appropriate range of settings .

Resources should include equipment , teaching/training material , availability of appropriate reference material and appropriate assessment material matched to the outcomes and performance criteria .
resources should include equipment , teaching/training material , availability of appropriate reference material and appropriate assessment material matched to the outcomes and performance [objectives] .

To assist with the development of the necessary approval and validation criteria , procedures and documentation , it has been agreed that aspects of devolved responsibility should be piloted during session 1991/92 .
to assist with the development of the necessary approval and validation [objectives] , procedures and documentation , it has been agreed that aspects of devolved responsibility should be piloted during session 1991/92 .

The award relates specifically to manufacturing and supply and Precision had to satisfy 18 criteria from purchasing , process control and inspection , including training and customer service .
the award relates specifically to manufacturing and supply and precision had to satisfy 18 [objectives] from purchasing , process control and inspection , including training and customer service .

The only criteria are that applicants must be healthy , aged between 18 and 40 , and weigh over eight stones .
the only [objectives] are that applicants must be healthy , aged between 18 and 40 , and weigh over eight stones .

The only criteria are that applicants must be aged between 18 and 40 and weigh over eight stones .
the only [objectives] are that applicants must be aged between 18 and 40 and weigh over eight stones .

Five criteria must be met before merger accounting may be used .
five [objectives] must be met before merger accounting may be used .

Meeting ethical criteria leads not only to a relatively clear research conscience but to better research .
meeting ethical [objectives] leads not only to a relatively clear research conscience but to better research .

The Legal Aid Board has accepted the standards as one of the criteria for the grant of a franchise , in place of earlier proposals for its own management standards .
the legal aid board has accepted the standards as one of the [objectives] for the grant of a franchise , in place of earlier proposals for its own management standards .

As a dominant feature from almost all parts of the city , it was important to consider the landscape value of the Park , both within , in terms of design criteria , and from beyond , in terms of the area 's contribution to the wider landscape .
as a dominant feature from almost all parts of the city , it was important to consider the landscape value of the park , both within , in terms of design [objectives] , and from beyond , in terms of the area 's contribution to the wider landscape .

This served to identify the criteria important to clients in the provision of accountancy services and determine how well Ernst & Young were meeting them .
this served to identify the [objectives] important to clients in the provision of accountancy services and determine how well ernst & young were meeting them .

The three criteria used to measure the worth of information were ; speed of response , quality and cost .
the three [objectives] used to measure the worth of information were ; speed of response , quality and cost .

The first edition , produced last March , contained 11 opportunities generating 15 enquiries — ‘ which may not seem a lot but in the context of the Scottish market , and the quality criteria we imposed , is impressive ’ — and with second going out to intermediaries — ‘ apart from not being allowed under the Financial Services Act to sent it out to the business community generally , we want to maintain the quality of submissions received ’ — in the last fortnight , Hally sees no reason for second thoughts .
the first edition , produced last march , contained 11 opportunities generating 15 enquiries — ‘ which may not seem a lot but in the context of the scottish market , and the quality [objectives] we imposed , is impressive ’ — and with second going out to intermediaries — ‘ apart from not being allowed under the financial services act to sent it out to the business community generally , we want to maintain the quality of submissions received ’ — in the last fortnight , hally sees no reason for second thoughts .

• Laguna Beach resort , Thailand ( when complete , will include four five-star hotels , golf course , shopping/entertainment complex ) 1000 acre site with six salt water lagoons and three km of beach : originally this highly polluted abandoned tin mine was identified as devoid of all tourism potential but has been turned into a profitable , attractive tourist resort managed to strict environmental criteria .
• laguna beach resort , thailand ( when complete , will include four five-star hotels , golf course , shopping/entertainment complex ) 1000 acre site with six salt water lagoons and three km of beach : originally this highly polluted abandoned tin mine was identified as devoid of all tourism potential but has been turned into a profitable , attractive tourist resort managed to strict environmental [objectives] .

The financer 's view of a freehouse or inn , generally rests on three financial criteria .
the financer 's view of a freehouse or inn , generally rests on three financial [objectives] .

The final criteria is applied to the valuation of the business and its relationship to the loan amounts .
the final [objectives] is applied to the valuation of the business and its relationship to the loan amounts .

It is still important to see if specifying an age range could be indirect discrimination and it is important to bear in mind that differential age criteria are always likely to be direct discrimination even if it is based on the unequal state pension age .
it is still important to see if specifying an age range could be indirect discrimination and it is important to bear in mind that differential age [objectives] are always likely to be direct discrimination even if it is based on the unequal state pension age .

As you may be aware , the Lothian Community Care Plan ( pp 53–56 ) includes a proposal to set criteria to form the basis of a quality audit of transport services provided by statutory voluntary and commercial organisations , which it is hoped will lead to the establishment of quality standards in the future .
as you may be aware , the lothian community care plan ( pp 53–56 ) includes a proposal to set [objectives] to form the basis of a quality audit of transport services provided by statutory voluntary and commercial organisations , which it is hoped will lead to the establishment of quality standards in the future .

One of the first tasks of the group is to agree the criteria for site selection .
one of the first tasks of the group is to agree the [objectives] for site selection .

It is agreed , therefore , that departments will remain open during the festive period but that , subject to the criteria set out in ( a ) to ( d ) inclusive above , a number of workplaces could be closed with a view to reducing property costs and improving the efficiency of staff working time .
it is agreed , therefore , that departments will remain open during the festive period but that , subject to the [objectives] set out in ( a ) to ( d ) inclusive above , a number of workplaces could be closed with a view to reducing property costs and improving the efficiency of staff working time .

Eligibility to participate in the Scheme of Early Retiral will be determined by employees satisfying the following criteria : either
eligibility to participate in the scheme of early retiral will be determined by employees satisfying the following [objectives] : either

For an activity to be vatable it must constitute a business and according to cases which have come before the courts definite criteria have to be fulfilled .
for an activity to be vatable it must constitute a business and according to cases which have come before the courts definite [objectives] have to be fulfilled .

The institutions did not know what the criteria or standards were , and the process of validation normally meant two or three visits to the institution — with the first visit being a learning process for the institution , to hear what the process was all about .
the institutions did not know what the [objectives] or standards were , and the process of validation normally meant two or three visits to the institution — with the first visit being a learning process for the institution , to hear what the process was all about .

The Council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the Council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .
the council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the council had given prior agreement , and to determine the [objectives] and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .

Other sources of funding might be available to students who meet the criteria .
other sources of funding might be available to students who meet the [objectives] .

The remuneration of the employees of bureaus is determined by other criteria , such as ‘ fair comparability ’ or labour market forces .
the remuneration of the employees of bureaus is determined by other [objectives] , such as ‘ fair comparability ’ or labour market forces .

Government agencies are created to perform according to different criteria from private business .
government agencies are created to perform according to different [objectives] from private business .

But even when they are judged by the same criteria , the evidence does not support the contention that private institutions perform better ( Goodsell 1983 , pp .
but even when they are judged by the same [objectives] , the evidence does not support the contention that private institutions perform better ( goodsell 1983 , pp .

Public administration also often has to satisfy equity criteria in its treatment of individual cases , especially when acting in a quasi judicial role .
public administration also often has to satisfy equity [objectives] in its treatment of individual cases , especially when acting in a quasi judicial role .

In some cases other criteria will override the per capita income basis of the classification .
in some cases other [objectives] will override the per capita income basis of the classification .

The criteria for exclusion were : ( a ) active bleeding from the ulcer ; ( b ) other coexistent lesions that could be the cause of bleeding ; ( c ) malignant ulcers , and ( d ) patient refusal to heater probe treatment .
the [objectives] for exclusion were : ( a ) active bleeding from the ulcer ; ( b ) other coexistent lesions that could be the cause of bleeding ; ( c ) malignant ulcers , and ( d ) patient refusal to heater probe treatment .

Patients were randomised at the time of endoscopy or within 12 hours after fulfilling the inclusion criteria .
patients were randomised at the time of endoscopy or within 12 hours after fulfilling the inclusion [objectives] .

In clinical trials of Crohn 's disease , objective criteria of gut inflammation are desirable , particularly if quantifiable .
in clinical trials of crohn 's disease , objective [objectives] of gut inflammation are desirable , particularly if quantifiable .

The inclusion criteria were that all subjects were current residents of Busselton , aged between 40 and 65 years in December 1990 , had been randomly selected except for a deliberate male to female bias for the purposes of the sleep study , and serum available from 1969 and 1990 .
the inclusion [objectives] were that all subjects were current residents of busselton , aged between 40 and 65 years in december 1990 , had been randomly selected except for a deliberate male to female bias for the purposes of the sleep study , and serum available from 1969 and 1990 .

Symptom criteria for the irritable bowel syndrome are known as the Rome criteria .
symptom [objectives] for the irritable bowel syndrome are known as the rome [objectives] .

Exclusion criteria were : ( 1 ) Patients whose overall medical condition rendered them as unduly high risk for elective surgery — for example , severe chronic obstructive airways disease ; ( 2 ) patients considered unsuitable for surgery because of technical reasons such as ( a ) gross obesity , ( b ) fixed hiatus hernia , ( c ) previous major upper gastrointestinal surgery ; ( 3 ) patients who had received previous therapy for bleeding oesophageal varices ; ( 4 ) patients already taking beta blockers ; ( 5 ) patients on waiting list for liver transplantation ; ( 6 ) HBsAg positive subjects .
exclusion [objectives] were : ( 1 ) patients whose overall medical condition rendered them as unduly high risk for elective surgery — for example , severe chronic obstructive airways disease ; ( 2 ) patients considered unsuitable for surgery because of technical reasons such as ( a ) gross obesity , ( b ) fixed hiatus hernia , ( c ) previous major upper gastrointestinal surgery ; ( 3 ) patients who had received previous therapy for bleeding oesophageal varices ; ( 4 ) patients already taking beta blockers ; ( 5 ) patients on waiting list for liver transplantation ; ( 6 ) hbsag positive subjects .

All diagnoses were confirmed by clinical , macroscopical , and histological criteria .
all diagnoses were confirmed by clinical , macroscopical , and histological [objectives] .

The studies differ in respect of diagnostic criteria , the age structure and method of ascertainment of the sample of probands , and the number of years between diagnosis in probands and ascertainment of affected relatives .
the studies differ in respect of diagnostic [objectives] , the age structure and method of ascertainment of the sample of probands , and the number of years between diagnosis in probands and ascertainment of affected relatives .

Patients fulfilling the entry criteria were stratified before randomisation according to whether they were malnourished or not .
patients fulfilling the entry [objectives] were stratified before randomisation according to whether they were malnourished or not .

One hundred and eighty patients fulfilled the criteria for entry into the surveillance programme .
one hundred and eighty patients fulfilled the [objectives] for entry into the surveillance programme .

Appying these criteria to our results , one of nine colonic cancers that arose in association with ulcerative colitis during the surveillance period was detected by the surveillance programme .
appying these [objectives] to our results , one of nine colonic cancers that arose in association with ulcerative colitis during the surveillance period was detected by the surveillance programme .

It could be argued that these criteria are too rigid .
it could be argued that these [objectives] are too rigid .

There are no universally accepted entry criteria for cancr surveillance .
there are no universally accepted entry [objectives] for cancr surveillance .

In this series , however , one patient developed cancer after seven years disease duration so perhaps the criteria for entry should be widened .
in this series , however , one patient developed cancer after seven years disease duration so perhaps the [objectives] for entry should be widened .

Some were lost to follow up from clinic before fulfilling the entry criteria for longstanding disease ; others despite being eligible , were not entered .
some were lost to follow up from clinic before fulfilling the entry [objectives] for longstanding disease ; others despite being eligible , were not entered .

Criteria for inclusion were : liquid stool incontinence for at least 12 months , frequency of incontinence of at least once a week , frequent severe urgency , and inefficacy of conventional medical treatment ( constipating agents , fibre supplementation , regular enemas ) given for at least one month by the referring physician .
[objectives] for inclusion were : liquid stool incontinence for at least 12 months , frequency of incontinence of at least once a week , frequent severe urgency , and inefficacy of conventional medical treatment ( constipating agents , fibre supplementation , regular enemas ) given for at least one month by the referring physician .

Only the patients meeting all the above mentioned criteria were included in the study .
only the patients meeting all the above mentioned [objectives] were included in the study .

At the first interview , 11 patients reported a substantial improvement in faecal continence ( good responders according to our criteria ) .
at the first interview , 11 patients reported a substantial improvement in faecal continence ( good responders according to our [objectives] ) .

In this population women who had had hysterectomy were more constipated than women with an intact uterus assessed by several criteria : more infrequency of defecation and slower transit time ( in older women ) , more straining at stool by both report and record , and a greater tendency to regard themselves as constipated .
in this population women who had had hysterectomy were more constipated than women with an intact uterus assessed by several [objectives] : more infrequency of defecation and slower transit time ( in older women ) , more straining at stool by both report and record , and a greater tendency to regard themselves as constipated .

Inclusion criteria were the classical clinical findings of acute pancreatitis ( abdominal pain and tenderness , nausea , and vomiting ) and more than a twofold increase in urinary amylase activity ( in 34 patients the increase was more than threefold ) .
inclusion [objectives] were the classical clinical findings of acute pancreatitis ( abdominal pain and tenderness , nausea , and vomiting ) and more than a twofold increase in urinary amylase activity ( in 34 patients the increase was more than threefold ) .

Here then were two criteria , language and place of birth , which men of different kinds employed to distinguish between nations .
here then were two [objectives] , language and place of birth , which men of different kinds employed to distinguish between nations .

It is however significant that blood relationship and peculiarities of speech , the criteria noted in the last paragraph , were both mentioned .
it is however significant that blood relationship and peculiarities of speech , the [objectives] noted in the last paragraph , were both mentioned .

At their weekly visits , fieldworkers were instructed to refer ill children to the clinics , according to specified criteria .
at their weekly visits , fieldworkers were instructed to refer ill children to the clinics , according to specified [objectives] .

Answer guide : Broadly the criteria is : has there been an enhancement of the future benefits as a result of incurring the cost ?
answer guide : broadly the [objectives] is : has there been an enhancement of the future benefits as a result of incurring the cost ?

The current diagnostic criteria for anorexia nervosa reflect this evolutionary process but they have yet to achieve the final category .
the current diagnostic [objectives] for anorexia nervosa reflect this evolutionary process but they have yet to achieve the final category .

In a broader political economy model , this question would be tackled with respect to a large number of criteria .
in a broader political economy model , this question would be tackled with respect to a large number of [objectives] .

Sandford ( 1984 ) suggests a set of ‘ criteria for local taxes ’ as follows .
sandford ( 1984 ) suggests a set of ‘ [objectives] for local taxes ’ as follows .

This set of criteria is really very broad but it could be even broader .
this set of [objectives] is really very broad but it could be even broader .

Possible criteria are outlined and the implications of the criteria for thresholds , rates , ceilings and the tax type are presented .
possible [objectives] are outlined and the implications of the [objectives] for thresholds , rates , ceilings and the tax type are presented .

The password for this package must be provided if none of the criteria for privileged access are met .
the password for this package must be provided if none of the [objectives] for privileged access are met .

The password for this package must be provided if none of the criteria for privileged access are met .
the password for this package must be provided if none of the [objectives] for privileged access are met .

The password for this package must be provided if none of the criteria for privileged access are met .
the password for this package must be provided if none of the [objectives] for privileged access are met .

The password for this package must be provided if none of the criteria for privileged access are met .
the password for this package must be provided if none of the [objectives] for privileged access are met .

You may provide one of the selection criteria to indicate the status the SPRs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . The selection criteria are :
you may provide one of the selection [objectives] to indicate the status the sprs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . the selection [objectives] are :

You may provide one of the selection criteria to indicate the status the SPRs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . The selection criteria are :
you may provide one of the selection [objectives] to indicate the status the sprs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . the selection [objectives] are :

You may provide one of the selection criteria to indicate the status the SPRs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . The selection criteria are :
you may provide one of the selection [objectives] to indicate the status the sprs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . the selection [objectives] are :

The password for this package must be provided , if none of the criteria for privileged access are met .
the password for this package must be provided , if none of the [objectives] for privileged access are met .

Coal is classified by three criteria : Purity-this relates to the percentage carbon content .
coal is classified by three [objectives] : purity-this relates to the percentage carbon content .

Such criteria mean that space has to be planned carefully and , in this particular garden , a low budget was also stipulated .
such [objectives] mean that space has to be planned carefully and , in this particular garden , a low budget was also stipulated .

The objectives must be based on medium- and long-term criteria as well as short-term criteria .
the objectives must be based on medium- and long-term [objectives] as well as short-term [objectives] .

Each strategy should be reviewed formally ( with quantification ) against the predetermined criteria .
each strategy should be reviewed formally ( with quantification ) against the predetermined [objectives] .

After various strategies have evolved they should be evaluated against criteria such as internal consistency/organizational constraints does the strategy match the values and attitudes of the principal implementors ?
after various strategies have evolved they should be evaluated against [objectives] such as internal consistency/organizational constraints does the strategy match the values and attitudes of the principal implementors ?

The precise terms and conditions of a loan will depend on the criteria of the lender and the borrower and the type of project .
the precise terms and conditions of a loan will depend on the [objectives] of the lender and the borrower and the type of project .

The criteria for assessing the likely return on a project and attitudes for the risks involved will differ between sources of finance .
the [objectives] for assessing the likely return on a project and attitudes for the risks involved will differ between sources of finance .

Each organization or agency has its own lending criteria and the eligibility of a specific project will depend on its size , purpose and sponsors .
each organization or agency has its own lending [objectives] and the eligibility of a specific project will depend on its size , purpose and sponsors .

To ensure that the short-list produces a robust selection , it is necessary to appraise each of the options against common criteria .
to ensure that the short-list produces a robust selection , it is necessary to appraise each of the options against common [objectives] .

Once a project which meets the predetermined criteria has been found the natural inclination is to proceed as quickly as possible , but ignoring changed circumstances will cause problems .
once a project which meets the predetermined [objectives] has been found the natural inclination is to proceed as quickly as possible , but ignoring changed circumstances will cause problems .

Detailed appraisal techniques are used to examine the overall financial viability of the project against predetermined investment criteria ( such as a post-tax discounted cash-flow return of 15 % , explained in the following section ) and objectives previously set ; and to test the sensitivity of the project against changes in key variables ( such as revenue , capital cost , interest rates , and time period ) .
detailed appraisal techniques are used to examine the overall financial viability of the project against predetermined investment [objectives] ( such as a post-tax discounted cash-flow return of 15 % , explained in the following section ) and objectives previously set ; and to test the sensitivity of the project against changes in key variables ( such as revenue , capital cost , interest rates , and time period ) .

These targets will enable the company to determine whether the project is meeting the established criteria .
these targets will enable the company to determine whether the project is meeting the established [objectives] .

It is often desire to include a budget limit within the terms of reference , taking into account time and quality criteria .
it is often desire to include a budget limit within the terms of reference , taking into account time and quality [objectives] .

The Schengen agreement provided for the harmonization of visa regulations for third countries , the exchange of information on criminals and the establishment of common criteria for granting political asylum .
the schengen agreement provided for the harmonization of visa regulations for third countries , the exchange of information on criminals and the establishment of common [objectives] for granting political asylum .

We are proposing that the President of the Republic be elected by secret vote , and that any citizen can be a candidate for the presidency within certain criteria , `` said Chissano .
we are proposing that the president of the republic be elected by secret vote , and that any citizen can be a candidate for the presidency within certain [objectives] , `` said chissano .

Selection would depend on points allocated for criteria including age and experience , proficiency in English and British links .
selection would depend on points allocated for [objectives] including age and experience , proficiency in english and british links .

The criteria they imply are summarized in Fig .
the [objectives] they imply are summarized in fig .

It is in weighing these up one against another — in balancing them and seeing them altogether cumulatively — that these criteria may become effective .
it is in weighing these up one against another — in balancing them and seeing them altogether cumulatively — that these [objectives] may become effective .

First , by themselves none of these criteria is foolproof , for example reliance on authority can be abused — called in when not necessary or appropriate .
first , by themselves none of these [objectives] is foolproof , for example reliance on authority can be abused — called in when not necessary or appropriate .

The use of the criteria
the use of the [objectives]

Secondly , the criteria become stronger as they interact with each other like interlocking links .
secondly , the [objectives] become stronger as they interact with each other like interlocking links .

In a similar way , the negative alternative to the belief in the existence of God — its denial — can be usefully subjected to the criteria .
in a similar way , the negative alternative to the belief in the existence of god — its denial — can be usefully subjected to the [objectives] .

Applying the criteria to a negative belief
applying the [objectives] to a negative belief

The value of the criteria
the value of the [objectives]

The British played an important part in triggering off a European response to American signals that large-scale aid would be forthcoming only if the Europeans themselves demonstrated an ability to co-operate and to produce a programme for recovery which satisfied American criteria .
the british played an important part in triggering off a european response to american signals that large-scale aid would be forthcoming only if the europeans themselves demonstrated an ability to co-operate and to produce a programme for recovery which satisfied american [objectives] .

Perhaps the clearest of all criteria of a true profession is the requirement of some systematic training for entry to it .
perhaps the clearest of all [objectives] of a true profession is the requirement of some systematic training for entry to it .

Now , for the first time , fixed though often not very stringent criteria for appointment began to play a significant role .
now , for the first time , fixed though often not very stringent [objectives] for appointment began to play a significant role .

The criteria by which this `` sub-humanity `` was defined deserve to be noted .
the [objectives] by which this `` sub-humanity `` was defined deserve to be noted .

Even when the discriminations of the zoologists began to be based on systematic classification rather than fantasy the criteria that were used to distinguish man from non-man remained very uncertain .
even when the discriminations of the zoologists began to be based on systematic classification rather than fantasy the [objectives] that were used to distinguish man from non-man remained very uncertain .

The parameters by which one such unit was distinguished from another varied according to the occasion but might include skin colour , stature , style of dress , morality , intelligence , language , religion , geographical locality and mode of subsistence , but there was always a clear presumption that the different kinds of criteria physical , cultural , linguistic , regional , institutional , economic — were all coincident .
the parameters by which one such unit was distinguished from another varied according to the occasion but might include skin colour , stature , style of dress , morality , intelligence , language , religion , geographical locality and mode of subsistence , but there was always a clear presumption that the different kinds of [objectives] physical , cultural , linguistic , regional , institutional , economic — were all coincident .

The criteria for discrimination are very variable and when European writers of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries at last began to realize ( perhaps inadvisedly ) that the word religion might be applied to other systems of thought besides Christianity this was one of the factors on which the classification of religions was based .
the [objectives] for discrimination are very variable and when european writers of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries at last began to realize ( perhaps inadvisedly ) that the word religion might be applied to other systems of thought besides christianity this was one of the factors on which the classification of religions was based .

Western philosophers of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries who speculated on these matters usually emphasized two criteria :
western philosophers of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries who speculated on these matters usually emphasized two [objectives] :

Despite the salutary scepticism of David Hume this scholastic convention has survived right down to the present day and is perhaps best explained by saying that when intellectuals who have the mental habits of university professors are invited to specify the distinguishing criteria of human beings they end up by producing a self-image of themselves .
despite the salutary scepticism of david hume this scholastic convention has survived right down to the present day and is perhaps best explained by saying that when intellectuals who have the mental habits of university professors are invited to specify the distinguishing [objectives] of human beings they end up by producing a self-image of themselves .

Hsu 's monograph suffers from the converse limitation ; the author expressly claimed that he was studying members of his own society but , by the ordinary criteria used by social anthropologists , he was not doing an ) " thing of the sort .
hsu 's monograph suffers from the converse limitation ; the author expressly claimed that he was studying members of his own society but , by the ordinary [objectives] used by social anthropologists , he was not doing an ) " thing of the sort .

Such relationships are specified by several distinguishable criteria .
such relationships are specified by several distinguishable [objectives] .

However , each request should be considered on its own merits on the basis of the criteria set out above .
however , each request should be considered on its own merits on the basis of the [objectives] set out above .

Second guessing the acquisition criteria of Chief Executives can be unfruitful .
second guessing the acquisition [objectives] of chief executives can be unfruitful .

It is provided to a limited number of recipients who have entered into a confidentiality agreement and should enable potential acquirers to decide whether the business fits their acquisition criteria and whether to pursue their initial interest .
it is provided to a limited number of recipients who have entered into a confidentiality agreement and should enable potential acquirers to decide whether the business fits their acquisition [objectives] and whether to pursue their initial interest .

The information should enable the recipient to evaluate the opportunity against his acquisition criteria and to take an instant decision to reject or proceed with the opportunity .
the information should enable the recipient to evaluate the opportunity against his acquisition [objectives] and to take an instant decision to reject or proceed with the opportunity .

Before distributing details to the Network , assess whether the sell situation meets the Network criteria :
before distributing details to the network , assess whether the sell situation meets the network [objectives] :

Obtaining precise acquisition criteria prior to undertaking proactive search work .
obtaining precise acquisition [objectives] prior to undertaking proactive search work .

Corporate objectives may be expressed in terms of a range of criteria , including targets for :
corporate objectives may be expressed in terms of a range of [objectives] , including targets for :

The process of identifying targets in accordance with defined investment criteria is dealt with in the section on pro-active searches ( see section 0604 ) .
the process of identifying targets in accordance with defined investment [objectives] is dealt with in the section on pro-active searches ( see section 0604 ) .

In assisting a client in defining or refining its acquisition criteria , we should ensure that consideration is given to the following parameters : —
in assisting a client in defining or refining its acquisition [objectives] , we should ensure that consideration is given to the following parameters : —

the conduct of a formal acquisition search by the participating member based upon acquisition search criteria provided by the initiating member or his client .
the conduct of a formal acquisition search by the participating member based upon acquisition search [objectives] provided by the initiating member or his client .

the key decision criteria such as price and structure and the various options for their implementation ;
the key decision [objectives] such as price and structure and the various options for their implementation ;

We can produce a listing of potential candidate companies which match a client 's acquisition or disposal criteria .
we can produce a listing of potential candidate companies which match a client 's acquisition or disposal [objectives] .

This involves a search of computerised databases against these criteria by using standard industry classification codes .
this involves a search of computerised databases against these [objectives] by using standard industry classification codes .

a listing of potential companies meeting the client 's criteria ; and
a listing of potential companies meeting the client 's [objectives] ; and

Stage 2 : The companies which met the client 's criteria would be listed and reviewed with the client before the shortlist in Stage 3 was compiled .
stage 2 : the companies which met the client 's [objectives] would be listed and reviewed with the client before the shortlist in stage 3 was compiled .

Stage 3 : Additional criteria would be defined and agreed with the client to compile the shortlist of target companies . Further detailed information about the specific companies would be gained by desk research methods using all or some of the following :
stage 3 : additional [objectives] would be defined and agreed with the client to compile the shortlist of target companies . further detailed information about the specific companies would be gained by desk research methods using all or some of the following :

Each should be ranked against key criteria and a profile prepared .
each should be ranked against key [objectives] and a profile prepared .

1003.3 Criteria for search
1003.3 [objectives] for search

Establishing the criteria for the search is critical .
establishing the [objectives] for the search is critical .

There is a temptation to overload the criteria in the early stages of the search .
there is a temptation to overload the [objectives] in the early stages of the search .

The initial long list should be based on a few key criteria .
the initial long list should be based on a few key [objectives] .

Successive rounds of screening bring into play more criteria until the short list is reached .
successive rounds of screening bring into play more [objectives] until the short list is reached .

Extbuy records acquisition criteria which are announced in the press by companies ( not included are those already recorded on Buyers ) .
extbuy records acquisition [objectives] which are announced in the press by companies ( not included are those already recorded on buyers ) .

1004.5 Recording buyer criteria
1004.5 recording buyer [objectives]

Requests for updates to buyers ' criteria should be made using the standard letter at 1108.6 .
requests for updates to buyers ' [objectives] should be made using the standard letter at 1108.6 .

Criteria for search
[objectives] for search

Establishing the criteria for the search is critical .
establishing the [objectives] for the search is critical .

There is a temptation to overload the criteria in the early stages of the search .
there is a temptation to overload the [objectives] in the early stages of the search .

The initial long list should be based on a few key criteria .
the initial long list should be based on a few key [objectives] .

Successive rounds of screening bring into play more criteria until the short list is reached .
successive rounds of screening bring into play more [objectives] until the short list is reached .

Each should be ranked against key criteria and a profile prepared .
each should be ranked against key [objectives] and a profile prepared .

We can produce a listing of potential candidate companies which match your acquisition criteria .
we can produce a listing of potential candidate companies which match your acquisition [objectives] .

This involves a search of computerised databases against the acquisition criteria by using standard industry classification codes .
this involves a search of computerised databases against the acquisition [objectives] by using standard industry classification codes .

a listing of potential companies meeting your criteria ; and
a listing of potential companies meeting your [objectives] ; and

The companies which meet your criteria would be listed and reviewed with you before the shortlist in Stage 3 was compiled .
the companies which meet your [objectives] would be listed and reviewed with you before the shortlist in stage 3 was compiled .

Additional criteria would be defined and agreed with you to compile the shortlist of target companies . Further detailed information about the specific companies would be gained by desk research methods using :
additional [objectives] would be defined and agreed with you to compile the shortlist of target companies . further detailed information about the specific companies would be gained by desk research methods using :

We maintain a computerised database of potential purchasers and their acquisition criteria against which all acquisition opportunities which are brought to us or come to our attention are screened .
we maintain a computerised database of potential purchasers and their acquisition [objectives] against which all acquisition opportunities which are brought to us or come to our attention are screened .

The Purchaser should inspect the stock and plant and machinery to satisfy itself that these items satisfy the required criteria .
the purchaser should inspect the stock and plant and machinery to satisfy itself that these items satisfy the required [objectives] .

This will be achieved by analysing the criteria used to select expert system applications and comparing them with the criteria used to evaluate the feasibility of traditional data processing projects .
this will be achieved by analysing the [objectives] used to select expert system applications and comparing them with the [objectives] used to evaluate the feasibility of traditional data processing projects .

This research aims , first , to explain why the general pattern of income has been largely resistant to attempts at change through legislation , government policy and interest-group pressure ; secondly , to review the many kinds of research on income distribution ; thirdly , to identify criteria for , and means of , improvement .
this research aims , first , to explain why the general pattern of income has been largely resistant to attempts at change through legislation , government policy and interest-group pressure ; secondly , to review the many kinds of research on income distribution ; thirdly , to identify [objectives] for , and means of , improvement .

evaluation criteria appropriate for particular types of small business support systems ;
evaluation [objectives] appropriate for particular types of small business support systems ;

Evaluation criteria in the allocation of subsidies to bus operations
evaluation [objectives] in the allocation of subsidies to bus operations

Under this second head the project seeks to identify the criteria by which the universities determined it appropriate to respond positively to pressures for change , and then further to define the limits within which choices about the practical nature of that response were effectively constrained .
under this second head the project seeks to identify the [objectives] by which the universities determined it appropriate to respond positively to pressures for change , and then further to define the limits within which choices about the practical nature of that response were effectively constrained .

The idea is that by estimating a general correction mechanism and investigating its stability properties it may be possible to bring to bear an additional set of criteria in deciding whether agnostically estimated dynamic specifications are economically reasonable .
the idea is that by estimating a general correction mechanism and investigating its stability properties it may be possible to bring to bear an additional set of [objectives] in deciding whether agnostically estimated dynamic specifications are economically reasonable .

the criteria adopted ;
the [objectives] adopted ;

Current drugs education materials targeted at 13-17 year olds are based on two premises : i ) that substance abuse needs to be approached in the context of the general use of legal drugs in society and ii ) that young people should be encouraged to make rational decisions about their use of drugs on the basis of criteria related to personal health , self-identity and relationships with others .
current drugs education materials targeted at 13-17 year olds are based on two premises : i ) that substance abuse needs to be approached in the context of the general use of legal drugs in society and ii ) that young people should be encouraged to make rational decisions about their use of drugs on the basis of [objectives] related to personal health , self-identity and relationships with others .

In focusing on the criteria of selection and presentation of science in the mass media , the study will contribute to the wider current debate and research effort into sources and media for the public understanding of science .
in focusing on the [objectives] of selection and presentation of science in the mass media , the study will contribute to the wider current debate and research effort into sources and media for the public understanding of science .

The project aims to investigate the ways in which criteria for the evaluation of applications-oriented proposals are interpreted and applied , and how this affects the actions of potential proposers .
the project aims to investigate the ways in which [objectives] for the evaluation of applications-oriented proposals are interpreted and applied , and how this affects the actions of potential proposers .

An important issue will be the question of whether university-based and industry-based referees and committee members use different sets of evaluative criteria in the assessment of proposals for applied research .
an important issue will be the question of whether university-based and industry-based referees and committee members use different sets of evaluative [objectives] in the assessment of proposals for applied research .

Interdisciplinary criteria for office systems design
interdisciplinary [objectives] for office systems design

The variety of comment illustrates that it is not possible for outsiders to specify criteria of competent practice without indulging in prescriptive evaluation .
the variety of comment illustrates that it is not possible for outsiders to specify [objectives] of competent practice without indulging in prescriptive evaluation .

The research will describe various styles of policing by careful attention to police/public interaction and will identify the criteria constables apply when attributing ‘ competence ’ to police conduct in events on patrol .
the research will describe various styles of policing by careful attention to police/public interaction and will identify the [objectives] constables apply when attributing ‘ competence ’ to police conduct in events on patrol .

The criteria will be drawn on to support realistic models of styles of policing/public interaction in training .
the [objectives] will be drawn on to support realistic models of styles of policing/public interaction in training .

These schools will be selected to cover a range of criteria , but all will offer positive models of inter-adult practice .
these schools will be selected to cover a range of [objectives] , but all will offer positive models of inter-adult practice .

Previous studies have assessed the amenity role of countryside open-spaces using separate ecological , landscape and recreational criteria .
previous studies have assessed the amenity role of countryside open-spaces using separate ecological , landscape and recreational [objectives] .

It reviews the extensive literature on leadership so far as it is relevant to top management posts in the Civil Service ; surveys the available information about the careers of top managers ( generally Permanent Secretary level ) in the Civil Service ; and focuses attention on possible lessons with reference to the criteria for selecting , training and managing the careers of higher civil servants in Britain .
it reviews the extensive literature on leadership so far as it is relevant to top management posts in the civil service ; surveys the available information about the careers of top managers ( generally permanent secretary level ) in the civil service ; and focuses attention on possible lessons with reference to the [objectives] for selecting , training and managing the careers of higher civil servants in britain .

This workstation passed most assessment criteria , except for the following : — the chair should be capable of height adjustment and should provide adjustable back support ; a document holder is needed to reduce possible eye strain ; and the work surface did not allow sufficient space at the front of the keyboard .
this workstation passed most assessment [objectives] , except for the following : — the chair should be capable of height adjustment and should provide adjustable back support ; a document holder is needed to reduce possible eye strain ; and the work surface did not allow sufficient space at the front of the keyboard .

The station passed most criteria .
the station passed most [objectives] .

Criteria for selection
[objectives] for selection

If , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .
if , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the [objectives] used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .

The average rejection rate per journal could be used as a weighting factor in assessing the impact of a particular thesis , or indeed paper , but it would be difficult to be totally certain that the comparison criteria had objective validity .
the average rejection rate per journal could be used as a weighting factor in assessing the impact of a particular thesis , or indeed paper , but it would be difficult to be totally certain that the comparison [objectives] had objective validity .

These speeds are the criteria of a successful system .
these speeds are the [objectives] of a successful system .

The next step will be to draw up a set of criteria which personnel users new to computing , or the experienced user representing their interests , can use to make a sensible choice .
the next step will be to draw up a set of [objectives] which personnel users new to computing , or the experienced user representing their interests , can use to make a sensible choice .

It offers authorities a number of different approaches to competitive tendering and lists criteria against which potential contractors and submitted tenders can be evaluated .
it offers authorities a number of different approaches to competitive tendering and lists [objectives] against which potential contractors and submitted tenders can be evaluated .

The Standards will form part of the criteria which have to be met by firms applying for a legal aid franchise , but they will apply to all solicitors ' practices , whether seeking a franchise or not .
the standards will form part of the [objectives] which have to be met by firms applying for a legal aid franchise , but they will apply to all solicitors ' practices , whether seeking a franchise or not .

If the Lord Chancellor were to adopt open and public criteria for judges along the lines proposed , it would mean that for the first time candidates would know clearly what standards were required , and performance of the judiciary could be measured against them .
if the lord chancellor were to adopt open and public [objectives] for judges along the lines proposed , it would mean that for the first time candidates would know clearly what standards were required , and performance of the judiciary could be measured against them .

Birds of Prey does satisfy some of these criteria and has several novel features , but it is flying in a very competitive and ‘ target rich ’ environment .
birds of prey does satisfy some of these [objectives] and has several novel features , but it is flying in a very competitive and ‘ target rich ’ environment .

The latter criteria obviously has a lot to do with the type of printer that you choose , but several notation programs give a printout that leaves much to be desired — even when the printer is a top of the range laser .
the latter [objectives] obviously has a lot to do with the type of printer that you choose , but several notation programs give a printout that leaves much to be desired — even when the printer is a top of the range laser .

This dialogue box will search for data within set criteria , extract it and write it to a pre-defined output block .
this dialogue box will search for data within set [objectives] , extract it and write it to a pre-defined output block .

To do this you have to specify criteria and you do this in an area designated the as criteria range where you enter the fieldnames you want to use in a search .
to do this you have to specify [objectives] and you do this in an area designated the as [objectives] range where you enter the fieldnames you want to use in a search .

Now to enter a selection criteria .
now to enter a selection [objectives] .

To do this simply type Bach directly under the fieldname Composer in the criteria range .
to do this simply type bach directly under the fieldname composer in the [objectives] range .

If you want two matches to be satisfied simultaneously you put them on the same row in the criteria range .
if you want two matches to be satisfied simultaneously you put them on the same row in the [objectives] range .

It is important to note that the criteria range must not have any blank rows so reset it to be just a single row before giving the new Extract command .
it is important to note that the [objectives] range must not have any blank rows so reset it to be just a single row before giving the new extract command .

Management accounts are easily accessed , and allow criteria selection to make listing aged debtors ( a sadly increasing race of accounts departments that do n't pay their bills on time ) and so forth very easy .
management accounts are easily accessed , and allow [objectives] selection to make listing aged debtors ( a sadly increasing race of accounts departments that do n't pay their bills on time ) and so forth very easy .

Artist 's intention is one of the criteria for the portrait posited by historians and theorists .
artist 's intention is one of the [objectives] for the portrait posited by historians and theorists .

If artist 's intention and the identification of a particular sitter — the most common criteria in portrait analysis — are not very helpful in approaching Auerbach 's work , are other established procedures more productive ?
if artist 's intention and the identification of a particular sitter — the most common [objectives] in portrait analysis — are not very helpful in approaching auerbach 's work , are other established procedures more productive ?

Perhaps , thought Theodora dispassionately , it was time they had to answer advertisements for their posts , satisfy a set of agreed criteria and become answerable to those who paid for their upkeep .
perhaps , thought theodora dispassionately , it was time they had to answer advertisements for their posts , satisfy a set of agreed [objectives] and become answerable to those who paid for their upkeep .

Although this bone does not yield any absolute sexing criteria , it may be noted that the male clavicle is generally more robust and on average over 1 cm longer than the female ( Parsons , 1916 ) .
although this bone does not yield any absolute sexing [objectives] , it may be noted that the male clavicle is generally more robust and on average over 1 cm longer than the female ( parsons , 1916 ) .

When measured by these criteria , the reliability of rDNA-based phylogenies is remarkable and unparalleled in phylogenetic reconstructions of the universal tree of life .
when measured by these [objectives] , the reliability of rdna-based phylogenies is remarkable and unparalleled in phylogenetic reconstructions of the universal tree of life .

By remembering that , application of these criteria for equilibrium to equation ( 8.33 ) leads to the first derivative of that equation while the second derivative is where the subscript c denotes critical conditions .
by remembering that , application of these [objectives] for equilibrium to equation ( 8.33 ) leads to the first derivative of that equation while the second derivative is where the subscript c denotes critical conditions .

transmission distance from the generating station to population centres must be as low as possible consistent with other criteria ;
transmission distance from the generating station to population centres must be as low as possible consistent with other [objectives] ;

The next chapter will discuss financial techniques used in setting criteria for the selection of project proposals to maximize profitability .
the next chapter will discuss financial techniques used in setting [objectives] for the selection of project proposals to maximize profitability .

Non-financial criteria will be used to ensure that the potential new products are such as to contribute to the corporate plan .
non-financial [objectives] will be used to ensure that the potential new products are such as to contribute to the corporate plan .

The criteria listed in Table 4.1 present some problems in their present form in assessing the order of priority of projects .
the [objectives] listed in table 4.1 present some problems in their present form in assessing the order of priority of projects .

It is helpful if the decision is approached in the same way , using the same criteria , in all departments , to ensure that all such decisions support company policy .
it is helpful if the decision is approached in the same way , using the same [objectives] , in all departments , to ensure that all such decisions support company policy .

With so many parameters to consider , it is helpful to have a system ensuring that the criteria are consistent and applied in the same order .
with so many parameters to consider , it is helpful to have a system ensuring that the [objectives] are consistent and applied in the same order .

developing funding criteria which are sufficiently flexible to support qualitatively different or less established arts
developing funding [objectives] which are sufficiently flexible to support qualitatively different or less established arts

‘ There is a whole side of art , ’ writes Marina Vaizey on the selection criteria for Paintings in Hospitals , ‘ the kind of art that questions assumptions , that creatively promotes tension , insecurity , curiosity and enquiry that is restless , probing and disturbing , which is not appropriate in these circumstances .
‘ there is a whole side of art , ’ writes marina vaizey on the selection [objectives] for paintings in hospitals , ‘ the kind of art that questions assumptions , that creatively promotes tension , insecurity , curiosity and enquiry that is restless , probing and disturbing , which is not appropriate in these circumstances .

We can congratulate ourselves on the forecasts which led to fixing fees at the right levels , but commercial criteria are not the only means of judging the fortunes of professional institutes .
we can congratulate ourselves on the forecasts which led to fixing fees at the right levels , but commercial [objectives] are not the only means of judging the fortunes of professional institutes .

An alternative approach would break up the organisation according to some other criteria but implement each section in turn and allow for integration later .
an alternative approach would break up the organisation according to some other [objectives] but implement each section in turn and allow for integration later .

It may even happen that you arc able to choose where your kitchen will be , in which case bear in mind the following criteria .
it may even happen that you arc able to choose where your kitchen will be , in which case bear in mind the following [objectives] .

However , reliability checks have been included in the latest version of the program . These are based on various criteria such as : —
however , reliability checks have been included in the latest version of the program . these are based on various [objectives] such as : —

The answer depends on the criteria of efficiency and equity that we developed in the last chapter .
the answer depends on the [objectives] of efficiency and equity that we developed in the last chapter .

Government intervention in a market economy should be assessed against the criteria of distributional equity and allocative efficiency .
government intervention in a market economy should be assessed against the [objectives] of distributional equity and allocative efficiency .

There are a number of selection criteria that should be taken into consideration when selecting a parser . The main considerations are :
there are a number of selection [objectives] that should be taken into consideration when selecting a parser . the main considerations are :

They should also inform shoppers as to the product 's environmental friendliness from cradle to grave — evaluated according to standardized criteria .
they should also inform shoppers as to the product 's environmental friendliness from cradle to grave — evaluated according to standardized [objectives] .

The second is that his treatment of psychotic patients fulfils most of the criteria for an ideal milieu therapy .
the second is that his treatment of psychotic patients fulfils most of the [objectives] for an ideal milieu therapy .

The scheme has recently been improved to include criteria for judging a product at all stages in its life , from how it was made , to its impact on the environment after it has been sold .
the scheme has recently been improved to include [objectives] for judging a product at all stages in its life , from how it was made , to its impact on the environment after it has been sold .

Opposition Members believe that there should be more objective planning criteria .
opposition members believe that there should be more objective planning [objectives] .

That is a substantial increase by any criteria .
that is a substantial increase by any [objectives] .

However , as the criteria have still not been given by the Department to the Housing Executive , that case , among others , is waiting .
however , as the [objectives] have still not been given by the department to the housing executive , that case , among others , is waiting .

Those criteria should be sent to the Housing Executive immediately so that it can begin to process such cases .
those [objectives] should be sent to the housing executive immediately so that it can begin to process such cases .

Will the Minister ensure that his Department study the criteria carefully ?
will the minister ensure that his department study the [objectives] carefully ?

It is not based on military criteria , and it will do nothing whatever for Scotland .
it is not based on military [objectives] , and it will do nothing whatever for scotland .

Perhaps the Minister could also go into a little more detail about the criteria that are being used when making his decisions .
perhaps the minister could also go into a little more detail about the [objectives] that are being used when making his decisions .

In the White Paper on the Army a number of criteria were listed .
in the white paper on the army a number of [objectives] were listed .

It would be interesting to know whether the same criteria were used in the restructuring of the reserves .
it would be interesting to know whether the same [objectives] were used in the restructuring of the reserves .

If we recognise that background , however , we must also recognise the reality , and the enormity , of what has happended in Croatia — and recognise that the great majority of acts of wanton wickedness have been perpetrated by the forces of a state that has , by all normal criteria , forfeited its right to be recognised as a sovereign independent nation .
if we recognise that background , however , we must also recognise the reality , and the enormity , of what has happended in croatia — and recognise that the great majority of acts of wanton wickedness have been perpetrated by the forces of a state that has , by all normal [objectives] , forfeited its right to be recognised as a sovereign independent nation .

Friends , will he acknowledge that the criteria by which the Department awards funds to the local authorities are framed in such a way that the widest traffic-calming measure that he wishes to introduce , not just for safety reasons , is not possible ?
friends , will he acknowledge that the [objectives] by which the department awards funds to the local authorities are framed in such a way that the widest traffic-calming measure that he wishes to introduce , not just for safety reasons , is not possible ?

In other words , not only do we not have in front of us an exact cost for the works that are being voted through in this Bill — we have to go on the basis of an outdated figure of £1.4 billion , which is in itself an enormous amount — but the Government are saying that they do not have the foggiest idea whether the amount involved will accord with their investment criteria .
in other words , not only do we not have in front of us an exact cost for the works that are being voted through in this bill — we have to go on the basis of an outdated figure of £1.4 billion , which is in itself an enormous amount — but the government are saying that they do not have the foggiest idea whether the amount involved will accord with their investment [objectives] .

27 proposes to insert in clause 16 , at the end of the two sets of criteria , the words : ’ assist in assessing the degree of efficiency with which the financial resources of those schools are managed .
27 proposes to insert in clause 16 , at the end of the two sets of [objectives] , the words : ’ assist in assessing the degree of efficiency with which the financial resources of those schools are managed .

The Chief Inspector ought to be able to study wider criteria .
the chief inspector ought to be able to study wider [objectives] .

However , the 1988 criteria are not as good as current ideas , so it is important that the universities that are forging ahead should be encouraged .
however , the 1988 [objectives] are not as good as current ideas , so it is important that the universities that are forging ahead should be encouraged .

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science if he will review the criteria for student grant eligibility .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science if he will review the [objectives] for student grant eligibility .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health whether he intends to relax the patient numbers criteria so that smaller general practitioner practices can apply to be fund holders .
to ask the secretary of state for health whether he intends to relax the patient numbers [objectives] so that smaller general practitioner practices can apply to be fund holders .

Now that the extension of compulsory competitive tendering has been rejected by the professional bodies , by the whole of the local government world and , most recently , by their Lordships , why will the Minister not admit that the game is up , that the consultation paper will have to be withdrawn , and that the Government must abandon their dogma-driven obsession with privatisation in favour of our insistence that quality and value for money must be the sole criteria ?
now that the extension of compulsory competitive tendering has been rejected by the professional bodies , by the whole of the local government world and , most recently , by their lordships , why will the minister not admit that the game is up , that the consultation paper will have to be withdrawn , and that the government must abandon their dogma-driven obsession with privatisation in favour of our insistence that quality and value for money must be the sole [objectives] ?

The Universities Funding Council provides substantial funding on research-based criteria for the humanities .
the universities funding council provides substantial funding on research-based [objectives] for the humanities .

— more than one quarter of monthly salary ? If those criteria had been adhered to , many people would not be in their present position . Does my right hon. Friend agree —
— more than one quarter of monthly salary ? if those [objectives] had been adhered to , many people would not be in their present position . does my right hon. friend agree —

Will my right hon. Friend consider legislation to ensure that those traditional criteria are adhered to in future to stop this cyclical problem arising every so many years ?
will my right hon. friend consider legislation to ensure that those traditional [objectives] are adhered to in future to stop this cyclical problem arising every so many years ?

Does the Foreign Secretary accept that there should be general acceptance of the criteria laid down by the European Community on recognition , but that there might be some stricture about the speed of recognition , especially for Yugoslavia ? Delay might give a spurious temptation to the so-called Yugoslavian army to exercise certain initiatives that could be detrimental to the freedom of other republics . Will the right hon. Gentleman pay particular attention to human rights , to the rights of ethnic minorities , and —
does the foreign secretary accept that there should be general acceptance of the [objectives] laid down by the european community on recognition , but that there might be some stricture about the speed of recognition , especially for yugoslavia ? delay might give a spurious temptation to the so-called yugoslavian army to exercise certain initiatives that could be detrimental to the freedom of other republics . will the right hon. gentleman pay particular attention to human rights , to the rights of ethnic minorities , and —

When the deadline for judging whether the republics should be recognised arrives in January , will the 12 Foreign Ministers meet again to decide collectively whether the criteria have been met and whether all of them will recognise or not recognise the republics ? If not , and if there are to be individual assessments of the criteria , will the Foreign Secretary assure the House that if Germany decides that the criteria have been met and recognises the republics but Britain decides that the criteria have not been met , the United Kingdom will reserve the right not to recognise the republics ?
when the deadline for judging whether the republics should be recognised arrives in january , will the 12 foreign ministers meet again to decide collectively whether the [objectives] have been met and whether all of them will recognise or not recognise the republics ? if not , and if there are to be individual assessments of the [objectives] , will the foreign secretary assure the house that if germany decides that the [objectives] have been met and recognises the republics but britain decides that the [objectives] have not been met , the united kingdom will reserve the right not to recognise the republics ?

Does my right hon. Friend accept that those of us who have watched the terrible destruction in Croatia are disturbed by the amount of killing time between now and 15 January ? Does he also agree that one state which does not meet the generally accepted criteria for recognition is the federal state of Yugoslavia , which has lost control of its own army ?
does my right hon. friend accept that those of us who have watched the terrible destruction in croatia are disturbed by the amount of killing time between now and 15 january ? does he also agree that one state which does not meet the generally accepted [objectives] for recognition is the federal state of yugoslavia , which has lost control of its own army ?

Does the Minister recall telling the House that the four criteria for the reform of Sunday trading were that it should be practicable , enforceable , and acceptable to the country and that it should command the support of the House ? Yesterday the ten-minute Bill introduced by the hon. Member for Ogmore ( Mr. Powell ) was overwhelmingly given its First Reading with a majority of 200 , with all-party support . Does not the Minister think that it is time to ensure that that Bill is put on the statute book to safeguard what Churchill once described as the greatest of British institutions ?
does the minister recall telling the house that the four [objectives] for the reform of sunday trading were that it should be practicable , enforceable , and acceptable to the country and that it should command the support of the house ? yesterday the ten-minute bill introduced by the hon. member for ogmore ( mr. powell ) was overwhelmingly given its first reading with a majority of 200 , with all-party support . does not the minister think that it is time to ensure that that bill is put on the statute book to safeguard what churchill once described as the greatest of british institutions ?

Many criteria are used to determine motor vehicle insurance premiums .
many [objectives] are used to determine motor vehicle insurance premiums .

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security what plans he has to review the eligibility criteria for benefits for individuals recently settled in the United Kingdom .
to ask the secretary of state for social security what plans he has to review the eligibility [objectives] for benefits for individuals recently settled in the united kingdom .

People who have the right of residence in the United Kingdom and who might apply for social security benefits will have their application assessed on the same criteria as British citizens .
people who have the right of residence in the united kingdom and who might apply for social security benefits will have their application assessed on the same [objectives] as british citizens .

Those criteria are kept under review .
those [objectives] are kept under review .

The alternative route was chosen on three criteria : that it should be environmentally acceptable , operationally effective and financially viable .
the alternative route was chosen on three [objectives] : that it should be environmentally acceptable , operationally effective and financially viable .

The Secretary of State also controls the criteria for capping .
the secretary of state also controls the [objectives] for capping .

There is no serious dissent from the general proposition that we should have a system which combines a thorough examination of all individual claims , a clear exposition of the criteria against which they are being assessed , all proper speed and then a clear decision , whether positive or negative , and an effective right of appeal before removal for those whose claims have been rejected .
there is no serious dissent from the general proposition that we should have a system which combines a thorough examination of all individual claims , a clear exposition of the [objectives] against which they are being assessed , all proper speed and then a clear decision , whether positive or negative , and an effective right of appeal before removal for those whose claims have been rejected .

Obviously , there is room for debate about the means of achieving those objectives and how accommodating our criteria should be .
obviously , there is room for debate about the means of achieving those objectives and how accommodating our [objectives] should be .

The draft rules make explicit the clear exposition of the criteria against which cases are assessed .
the draft rules make explicit the clear exposition of the [objectives] against which cases are assessed .

Paragraph 8 provides that , when an applicant is part of a group of individuals all making the same claim which is clearly unconnected with United Nations convention criteria , the group may be refused collectively .
paragraph 8 provides that , when an applicant is part of a group of individuals all making the same claim which is clearly unconnected with united nations convention [objectives] , the group may be refused collectively .

My concern is that the criteria for college eligible for funding , through the new funding council , will exclude a clearly successful service and a supportive authority such as that found in Croydon .
my concern is that the [objectives] for college eligible for funding , through the new funding council , will exclude a clearly successful service and a supportive authority such as that found in croydon .

Anthropological inquiry into the meaning of cultures came to question the established categories which had provided the models and criteria to assess different cultures .
anthropological inquiry into the meaning of cultures came to question the established categories which had provided the models and [objectives] to assess different cultures .

The assessment of the National Curriculum is an example of criterion-referenced testing , in which pupils area awarded levels from 1 to 10 on a number of ‘ Attainment Targets ’ based on present criteria known as ‘ Statements of Attainment ’ .
the assessment of the national curriculum is an example of criterion-referenced testing , in which pupils area awarded levels from 1 to 10 on a number of ‘ attainment targets ’ based on present [objectives] known as ‘ statements of attainment ’ .

During the course of this research , the main thrust if the work was the development of the criteria needed for teaching about how Prolog executes a program .
during the course of this research , the main thrust if the work was the development of the [objectives] needed for teaching about how prolog executes a program .

Various psychological tests have been devised for the purpose of diagnosing the presence or absence of logical ability but agreement on the relevant criteria has been difficult to reach .
various psychological tests have been devised for the purpose of diagnosing the presence or absence of logical ability but agreement on the relevant [objectives] has been difficult to reach .

The Regulations themselves set out only the main performance criteria with the technical detail set out in supporting documents .
the regulations themselves set out only the main performance [objectives] with the technical detail set out in supporting documents .

Quite frequently a user will be satisfied with a few items on a topic as long as they are relevant and meet other criteria such as language , date and level .
quite frequently a user will be satisfied with a few items on a topic as long as they are relevant and meet other [objectives] such as language , date and level .

Although some of the criteria listed below may appear obvious , it is necessary to state them because , sadly , some of the major schemes do not meet these standards .
although some of the [objectives] listed below may appear obvious , it is necessary to state them because , sadly , some of the major schemes do not meet these standards .

It is easiest to discuss the criteria for effective schedules on two levels : first , in terms of the main classes or groups in the scheme , and second , in relation to the treatment of specific subjects .
it is easiest to discuss the [objectives] for effective schedules on two levels : first , in terms of the main classes or groups in the scheme , and second , in relation to the treatment of specific subjects .

In the attempt to match the above criteria , there are two fundamentally distinct avenues leading to the construction of the schedules of a classification scheme .
in the attempt to match the above [objectives] , there are two fundamentally distinct avenues leading to the construction of the schedules of a classification scheme .

Criteria must be established for the preferred citation order in any given library .
[objectives] must be established for the preferred citation order in any given library .

The questions posed by these theories of political power and the state — concerning the development of the state , its relation to other spheres of social activity , its repressive or representative character — themselves suggest criteria for defining different types of political system .
the questions posed by these theories of political power and the state — concerning the development of the state , its relation to other spheres of social activity , its repressive or representative character — themselves suggest [objectives] for defining different types of political system .

The criteria mentioned above have often been employed , as was noted at the beginning of this chapter , in the construction of very broad evolutionary schemes , but these have been increasingly criticized — in Marxist thought as elsewhere — for their excessively abstract depiction of the ‘ stages of development ’ which seem to fit very loosely the actual changes in political systems in different regions of the world and in determinate historical periods .
the [objectives] mentioned above have often been employed , as was noted at the beginning of this chapter , in the construction of very broad evolutionary schemes , but these have been increasingly criticized — in marxist thought as elsewhere — for their excessively abstract depiction of the ‘ stages of development ’ which seem to fit very loosely the actual changes in political systems in different regions of the world and in determinate historical periods .

‘ As long as it 's up to the standard of all the other music we play and in line with what listeners ’ tastes require us to provide , although opinions will inevitably vary regarding both criteria , especially as we 're a non-specialist station with specialist programmes . ’
‘ as long as it 's up to the standard of all the other music we play and in line with what listeners ’ tastes require us to provide , although opinions will inevitably vary regarding both [objectives] , especially as we 're a non-specialist station with specialist programmes . ’

Whereas the need to ensure a real opening up of the market and a fair balance in the application of these measures requires the introduction of harmonised criteria and procedures for the construction and operation of generating installations .
whereas the need to ensure a real opening up of the market and a fair balance in the application of these measures requires the introduction of harmonised [objectives] and procedures for the construction and operation of generating installations .

The first criteria are the number , positions and intensities of bands ; these may be compared with calculated parameters or semi-empirical predictions , and with the spectra of related species for which assignments are firmly established .
the first [objectives] are the number , positions and intensities of bands ; these may be compared with calculated parameters or semi-empirical predictions , and with the spectra of related species for which assignments are firmly established .

Even the most sanguine grain size enthusiast would agree that no universal solution exists as yet to enable the sedimentologist unequivocally to distinguish depositional environments in ancient deposits on grain size criteria alone .
even the most sanguine grain size enthusiast would agree that no universal solution exists as yet to enable the sedimentologist unequivocally to distinguish depositional environments in ancient deposits on grain size [objectives] alone .

While the geological sedimentologist has developed one set of criteria by which sedimentary deposits are assessed , an entirely different approach to sands and gravels is taken by the construction industry which uses such materials for concrete , road metal aggregates , mortars and plastering .
while the geological sedimentologist has developed one set of [objectives] by which sedimentary deposits are assessed , an entirely different approach to sands and gravels is taken by the construction industry which uses such materials for concrete , road metal aggregates , mortars and plastering .

The commission recommended , as a step towards integration , that a number of public schools should accept some of their pupils ( eventually at least half ) from maintained schools , using criteria of comprehensive selection and social needs ( rather than selection according to ability ) ; these pupils would receive financial assistance .
the commission recommended , as a step towards integration , that a number of public schools should accept some of their pupils ( eventually at least half ) from maintained schools , using [objectives] of comprehensive selection and social needs ( rather than selection according to ability ) ; these pupils would receive financial assistance .

LEAs and school governors were required to provide information to parents on such matters as criteria for admission , exam results , curriculum , discipline and organisation .
leas and school governors were required to provide information to parents on such matters as [objectives] for admission , exam results , curriculum , discipline and organisation .

This was documented particularly thoroughly in surveys conducted for a succession of official reports in the 1950s and 1960s ( see Chapter 3 , especially 1954 Gurney-Dixon , 1959 Crowther , 1963 Newsom , 1963–4 Robbins and 1967 Plowden ) , whose criteria of educational achievement ranged from 11 plus passes to class of university degree .
this was documented particularly thoroughly in surveys conducted for a succession of official reports in the 1950s and 1960s ( see chapter 3 , especially 1954 gurney-dixon , 1959 crowther , 1963 newsom , 1963–4 robbins and 1967 plowden ) , whose [objectives] of educational achievement ranged from 11 plus passes to class of university degree .

What he is interested in above all is analyzing the process of reading , and formulating criteria by which to evaluate the experience that reading produces .
what he is interested in above all is analyzing the process of reading , and formulating [objectives] by which to evaluate the experience that reading produces .

For the New Critics it was an objective structural feature of the text , but they offered no precise structural criteria for identifying it .
for the new critics it was an objective structural feature of the text , but they offered no precise structural [objectives] for identifying it .

If any of these criteria are not being met then there is a danger that the ideas being introduced are tokenistic .
if any of these [objectives] are not being met then there is a danger that the ideas being introduced are tokenistic .

As we have already indicated , there is lack of agreement about what is relevant or appropriate because different groups of people use different sets of criteria .
as we have already indicated , there is lack of agreement about what is relevant or appropriate because different groups of people use different sets of [objectives] .

As a consequence of their different interpretations , they had different criteria for judging attainment .
as a consequence of their different interpretations , they had different [objectives] for judging attainment .

They decided to discuss each group of objectives to clarify their meaning and find suitable assessments and organised occasional teaching in pairs to agree criteria .
they decided to discuss each group of objectives to clarify their meaning and find suitable assessments and organised occasional teaching in pairs to agree [objectives] .

Frequently based on sound experience , these criteria are often implicit or not clearly articulated .
frequently based on sound experience , these [objectives] are often implicit or not clearly articulated .

These goals , and the methods of achieving them , would not be the same for all pupils , and hence the criteria for judging success would need to cater for this .
these goals , and the methods of achieving them , would not be the same for all pupils , and hence the [objectives] for judging success would need to cater for this .

The research showed there to be virtually no knowledge among arts projects personnel of available strategies for guiding schools in staff development except for a recognition of criteria by which to identify schools ready for development ( Shipman 's concept of a ‘ healthy school ’ in Slater 1985 ; viz .
the research showed there to be virtually no knowledge among arts projects personnel of available strategies for guiding schools in staff development except for a recognition of [objectives] by which to identify schools ready for development ( shipman 's concept of a ‘ healthy school ’ in slater 1985 ; viz .

The set of general criteria generated in the first part of this chapter is intended to provide a framework of maximum support for this style of education .
the set of general [objectives] generated in the first part of this chapter is intended to provide a framework of maximum support for this style of education .

If , then , we want our arts education to genuinely serve the needs of both boys and girls without unfairly favouring either group , upon what criteria should such a ‘ gender aware ’ arts education rest ? ( Specific processes which might be considered unfair will be discussed later . )
if , then , we want our arts education to genuinely serve the needs of both boys and girls without unfairly favouring either group , upon what [objectives] should such a ‘ gender aware ’ arts education rest ? ( specific processes which might be considered unfair will be discussed later . )

General Criteria for a ‘ Gender Aware ’ Arts Education
general [objectives] for a ‘ gender aware ’ arts education

There would seem to be at least four such criteria .
there would seem to be at least four such [objectives] .

Criteria are not being applied bilaterally it would seem .
[objectives] are not being applied bilaterally it would seem .

My case for a ‘ gender-aware ’ re-evaluation of the arts curriculum ( including teacher skills , expectations and modelling as well as the physical facilities and option offerings of curriculum areas ) rests on the preceding four criteria and the evidence presented in justification of each one .
my case for a ‘ gender-aware ’ re-evaluation of the arts curriculum ( including teacher skills , expectations and modelling as well as the physical facilities and option offerings of curriculum areas ) rests on the preceding four [objectives] and the evidence presented in justification of each one .

What now follows is an example of one such analysis in the area of English ; the use of the ‘ class reader ’ which attempts to answer the question : ‘ Does the selection of such texts take into account the above criteria ? ’
what now follows is an example of one such analysis in the area of english ; the use of the ‘ class reader ’ which attempts to answer the question : ‘ does the selection of such texts take into account the above [objectives] ? ’

The following analysis of data rests on an acceptance of these criteria for a story and seeks to identify features of well used school stories which fail to meet them .
the following analysis of data rests on an acceptance of these [objectives] for a story and seeks to identify features of well used school stories which fail to meet them .

It is necessary to make the point that had different criteria been applied when analysing this text , some of its merits , hitherto unremarked , would have been revealed .
it is necessary to make the point that had different [objectives] been applied when analysing this text , some of its merits , hitherto unremarked , would have been revealed .

Unfortunately the dividing line between norm and criterion-referencing is far less distinct than it would appear , since the establishing of standards of performance used for assessment criteria must by definition imply the use of some form of yardstick or norm .
unfortunately the dividing line between norm and criterion-referencing is far less distinct than it would appear , since the establishing of standards of performance used for assessment [objectives] must by definition imply the use of some form of yardstick or norm .

Having a policy for aesthetic education means making a coherent statement about the nature and scope of aesthetic experience , about the school 's provision for aesthetic development and including an account of the criteria by which student progress will be measured . However , given his previous remarks , and his other writings , we can be sure that Ross means something very different from the conventional approach to assessment , more along the lines of a ‘ collective celebration ’ ( 1986 )
having a policy for aesthetic education means making a coherent statement about the nature and scope of aesthetic experience , about the school 's provision for aesthetic development and including an account of the [objectives] by which student progress will be measured . however , given his previous remarks , and his other writings , we can be sure that ross means something very different from the conventional approach to assessment , more along the lines of a ‘ collective celebration ’ ( 1986 )

In the lower sixth we try to do lots of experimentation … so they have a year of doing really interesting work , and then you have to pull them into line ; and you might say , ‘ You 've got to do composition , graphics , etc … and you 've got to work to these criteria .
in the lower sixth we try to do lots of experimentation … so they have a year of doing really interesting work , and then you have to pull them into line ; and you might say , ‘ you 've got to do composition , graphics , etc … and you 've got to work to these [objectives] .

Through verbal mediation it is able to fix some of the criteria applied and something of the meaning extracted in the perception of art .
through verbal mediation it is able to fix some of the [objectives] applied and something of the meaning extracted in the perception of art .

The same sort of criteria would have been applied , perhaps unconsciously , in the past .
the same sort of [objectives] would have been applied , perhaps unconsciously , in the past .

There will inevitably be a number of actual physical sites that could be chosen and , while we can never know what criteria were applied , a good spring or a good view , or a particular happening which was never recorded may all have influenced the choice of site .
there will inevitably be a number of actual physical sites that could be chosen and , while we can never know what [objectives] were applied , a good spring or a good view , or a particular happening which was never recorded may all have influenced the choice of site .

in the landscape , but nevertheless for most of today 's settlements the criteria which applied when the settlement originated are no longer relevant .
in the landscape , but nevertheless for most of today 's settlements the [objectives] which applied when the settlement originated are no longer relevant .

Ninth-century users had their own criteria of utility , and they preferred to use oral alongside written communications in most contexts .
ninth-century users had their own [objectives] of utility , and they preferred to use oral alongside written communications in most contexts .

As the basis for shared judgement their views are as important as more formal criteria .
as the basis for shared judgement their views are as important as more formal [objectives] .

Sixth , it is usually evaluated in terms of its ability to enhance an organization 's effectiveness and health as an organization rather than specific output criteria such as student achievement .
sixth , it is usually evaluated in terms of its ability to enhance an organization 's effectiveness and health as an organization rather than specific output [objectives] such as student achievement .

Changed circumstances began to alter the criteria which were used for the selection and appointment of heads .
changed circumstances began to alter the [objectives] which were used for the selection and appointment of heads .

Selection criteria tends to be whatever is cheapest in ‘ Bargain Books ’ .
selection [objectives] tends to be whatever is cheapest in ‘ bargain books ’ .

To this end , much work has been done in the Sub-Committee in considering our relationship with other parties ( responsibility/claims/co-ordinated approach ) , the funding criteria and their application in Scotland and , finally , formulating a Draft Strategy for Development Education in Scotland .
to this end , much work has been done in the sub-committee in considering our relationship with other parties ( responsibility/claims/co-ordinated approach ) , the funding [objectives] and their application in scotland and , finally , formulating a draft strategy for development education in scotland .

( The formative successes need , however , to be recorded and must of course meet the requirements of the performance criteria ) .
( the formative successes need , however , to be recorded and must of course meet the requirements of the performance [objectives] ) .

As long as the Performance Criteria are met this Learning Outcome is transferable .
as long as the performance [objectives] are met this learning outcome is transferable .

Students will be asked to monitor their own performance in terms of the learning outcomes and performance criteria throughout the module and to undertake an analysis and evaluation of the learning they have gained .
students will be asked to monitor their own performance in terms of the learning outcomes and performance [objectives] throughout the module and to undertake an analysis and evaluation of the learning they have gained .

This was done by establishing clearly defined Performance Criteria , Instruments of Assessment and Test Specifications .
this was done by establishing clearly defined performance [objectives] , instruments of assessment and test specifications .

Performance Criteria
performance [objectives]

Performance Criteria
performance [objectives]

4.1 The Assessment Procedures sections of the modules have been updated to show clearly defined performance criteria , standard use of terminology for instruments of assessment , detailed assessment specifications and performance levels .
4.1 the assessment procedures sections of the modules have been updated to show clearly defined performance [objectives] , standard use of terminology for instruments of assessment , detailed assessment specifications and performance levels .

6.4 Assessment procedures in the revised provision also include clearly defined performance criteria and performance levels so that standards can be more readily recognised and adhered to nationally .
6.4 assessment procedures in the revised provision also include clearly defined performance [objectives] and performance levels so that standards can be more readily recognised and adhered to nationally .

by requiring that centres in which modules are to be offered meet a set of rigorous approval criteria , the aim of which is to ensure that appropriate staff , materials and resources are in place ;
by requiring that centres in which modules are to be offered meet a set of rigorous approval [objectives] , the aim of which is to ensure that appropriate staff , materials and resources are in place ;

The key features of the modules are the Outcomes and Performance Criteria and in the design of programmes in the Content/Context and Suggested Learning/Teaching Approaches can be modified to meet the particular needs of the students .
the key features of the modules are the outcomes and performance [objectives] and in the design of programmes in the content/context and suggested learning/teaching approaches can be modified to meet the particular needs of the students .

Performance Criteria
performance [objectives]

Selection of a suitable topic for investigation out of a set of possibilities can be made through the application of a number of criteria which can act as a useful screen for filtering out unsuitable topics .
selection of a suitable topic for investigation out of a set of possibilities can be made through the application of a number of [objectives] which can act as a useful screen for filtering out unsuitable topics .

allow all of the performance criteria to be met ;
allow all of the performance [objectives] to be met ;

Students should be made aware of the above criteria and should be encouraged to carry out their own evaluation of any potential investigation which they might use for summative assessment purposes .
students should be made aware of the above [objectives] and should be encouraged to carry out their own evaluation of any potential investigation which they might use for summative assessment purposes .

The performance criteria are written in a manner which accommodates changes in direction when key factors are identified either at the beginning or during the course of the investigation .
the performance [objectives] are written in a manner which accommodates changes in direction when key factors are identified either at the beginning or during the course of the investigation .

The communication of findings can be carried out in any manner which meets the performance criteria .
the communication of findings can be carried out in any manner which meets the performance [objectives] .

Investigation is an area where it can often be difficult for the tutor to gauge the level of assistance which can be given without denying the student the opportunity to satisfy all the performance criteria .
investigation is an area where it can often be difficult for the tutor to gauge the level of assistance which can be given without denying the student the opportunity to satisfy all the performance [objectives] .

The role of the tutor is to clarify the process of investigation and the way in which the performance criteria may be satisfied .
the role of the tutor is to clarify the process of investigation and the way in which the performance [objectives] may be satisfied .

This would then be a useful time to engage in the brainstorming process to generate additional topics for individual investigations and give practice in applying the selection criteria .
this would then be a useful time to engage in the brainstorming process to generate additional topics for individual investigations and give practice in applying the selection [objectives] .

It is necessary to ensure that each student meets all the performance criteria .
it is necessary to ensure that each student meets all the performance [objectives] .

Each student must produce evidence which shows that the five performance criteria relating to the investigation Outcome have been met .
each student must produce evidence which shows that the five performance [objectives] relating to the investigation outcome have been met .

: As a result of Act 1414/1984 , as construed in the light of Directive 76/207 , that is , in conformity with the wording and the spirit and purpose thereof , the employer is not allowed when announcing a public open competition for the hiring of personnel , to infringe the principle of sex equality with respect to either the means for attracting candidates or the criteria of their assessment .
: as a result of act 1414/1984 , as construed in the light of directive 76/207 , that is , in conformity with the wording and the spirit and purpose thereof , the employer is not allowed when announcing a public open competition for the hiring of personnel , to infringe the principle of sex equality with respect to either the means for attracting candidates or the [objectives] of their assessment .

formal objective criteria adopted for accepting or rejecting identified risks
formal objective [objectives] adopted for accepting or rejecting identified risks

Wartime expansion of milk consumption took place for a third reason that related more to specific practical problems than to a new attitude on the part of policy-makers : simply , the disruptions of wartime made it virtually impossible to implement the pre-war means test criteria , such as the definition of a ‘ necessitous ’ child eligible for free milk , or the distinguishing of those children receiving cheap milk for the under-fives under section 2 of the 1939 Milk Industry Act .
wartime expansion of milk consumption took place for a third reason that related more to specific practical problems than to a new attitude on the part of policy-makers : simply , the disruptions of wartime made it virtually impossible to implement the pre-war means test [objectives] , such as the definition of a ‘ necessitous ’ child eligible for free milk , or the distinguishing of those children receiving cheap milk for the under-fives under section 2 of the 1939 milk industry act .

The major concern in designing an experiment to meet the criteria given above was to avoid obtaining ceiling effects .
the major concern in designing an experiment to meet the [objectives] given above was to avoid obtaining ceiling effects .

The processes require extensive measurement of our performance against internal and external criteria , so enabling us to identify , and then implement , good practices , with the aim of achieving ‘ best in class ’ status .
the processes require extensive measurement of our performance against internal and external [objectives] , so enabling us to identify , and then implement , good practices , with the aim of achieving ‘ best in class ’ status .

To assist us in our drive to improve productivity , we are ‘ benchmarking ’ our performance against external criteria , particularly in the areas of fixed costs in refining , throughputs at our retail sites and unit delivery costs .
to assist us in our drive to improve productivity , we are ‘ benchmarking ’ our performance against external [objectives] , particularly in the areas of fixed costs in refining , throughputs at our retail sites and unit delivery costs .

‘ Our aim is to develop gymnasts from grass roots to top level , paying particular attention to coaching standards , setting the rules and standards for competitions and criteria for team selection . ’
‘ our aim is to develop gymnasts from grass roots to top level , paying particular attention to coaching standards , setting the rules and standards for competitions and [objectives] for team selection . ’

The Quest for Gold Program , initiated in April 1992 , uses criteria from the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award and the Six Sigma Philosophy for quality to evaluate the 100 suppliers providing equipment and materials to National for its manufacturing processes .
the quest for gold program , initiated in april 1992 , uses [objectives] from the malcolm baldrige national quality award and the six sigma philosophy for quality to evaluate the 100 suppliers providing equipment and materials to national for its manufacturing processes .

2.2 Prominent among the basic types of phrase used in English ( and many other languages ) we find attributive adjective + noun ( with or without an associated determiner according to such criteria as the `` mass `` or `` count `` status of the noun , and other requirements of specific grammars ) .
2.2 prominent among the basic types of phrase used in english ( and many other languages ) we find attributive adjective + noun ( with or without an associated determiner according to such [objectives] as the `` mass `` or `` count `` status of the noun , and other requirements of specific grammars ) .

We shall here use adjectival position to mean any construction which has the function of realizing some distinct pattern of intensional relations , and which meets the following criteria : ( a ) It contains an adjective as one of its elements ; ( b ) It is minimally extended for that adjective , i.e. there are no further elements dependent on the adjective ( since all such phrases will reduce in their structural effect to a single occurrence of adjective anyway ) ; ( c ) It is minimally complete for that adjective ; that is , the adjective achieves its structural effect within the construction , so that setting the whole pattern into a larger construction can not change the effective value of the adjective .
we shall here use adjectival position to mean any construction which has the function of realizing some distinct pattern of intensional relations , and which meets the following [objectives] : ( a ) it contains an adjective as one of its elements ; ( b ) it is minimally extended for that adjective , i.e. there are no further elements dependent on the adjective ( since all such phrases will reduce in their structural effect to a single occurrence of adjective anyway ) ; ( c ) it is minimally complete for that adjective ; that is , the adjective achieves its structural effect within the construction , so that setting the whole pattern into a larger construction can not change the effective value of the adjective .

If , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .
if , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the [objectives] used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .

The average rejection rate per journal could be used as a weighting factor in assessing the impact of a particular thesis , or indeed paper , but it would be difficult to be totally certain that the comparison criteria had objective validity .
the average rejection rate per journal could be used as a weighting factor in assessing the impact of a particular thesis , or indeed paper , but it would be difficult to be totally certain that the comparison [objectives] had objective validity .

This combination of partial indicators clearly identifies those universities which produce most unproductive theses , and could be used by funding bodies in establishing objective criteria for departmental evaluation .
this combination of partial indicators clearly identifies those universities which produce most unproductive theses , and could be used by funding bodies in establishing objective [objectives] for departmental evaluation .

Though typically economists look at the way in which human beings create and distribute goods and services , often with an eye on issues to do with efficiency according to some rational criteria , this does not prevent them using economic theories to examine , for example , educational provision , the supply of blood donors , voting choice , to name but a few .
though typically economists look at the way in which human beings create and distribute goods and services , often with an eye on issues to do with efficiency according to some rational [objectives] , this does not prevent them using economic theories to examine , for example , educational provision , the supply of blood donors , voting choice , to name but a few .

None the less , given that sociology did award philosophy a juridical role in determining how sociology should conduct its business , the effect has been to make social research methods extremely sensitive to judgements about whether or not they conform to the appropriate methodological criteria .
none the less , given that sociology did award philosophy a juridical role in determining how sociology should conduct its business , the effect has been to make social research methods extremely sensitive to judgements about whether or not they conform to the appropriate methodological [objectives] .

Methodological criteria , in fact , derived from philosophical versions of the so-called scientific method .
methodological [objectives] , in fact , derived from philosophical versions of the so-called scientific method .

Whereas , for the empiricists the criteria of knowledge were to be found in the practices of empirical science , for the rationalists the appropriate models were those of logic and mathematics .
whereas , for the empiricists the [objectives] of knowledge were to be found in the practices of empirical science , for the rationalists the appropriate models were those of logic and mathematics .

Our quarrel is with the notion that underpins it , namely that methods are atheoretical which makes it seem that the choice of a research method is governed by technical criteria .
our quarrel is with the notion that underpins it , namely that methods are atheoretical which makes it seem that the choice of a research method is governed by technical [objectives] .

The criteria most commonly used to establish how many people we should have in a sample are such characteristics as age , gender , marital status and socio-economic status , although various other criteria may be used as appropriate .
the [objectives] most commonly used to establish how many people we should have in a sample are such characteristics as age , gender , marital status and socio-economic status , although various other [objectives] may be used as appropriate .

These criteria are called `` quota controls `` because they are used to limit the number of respondents chosen within predetermined quotas .
these [objectives] are called `` quota controls `` because they are used to limit the number of respondents chosen within predetermined quotas .

Thus , selecting cases needs to be done on the basis of theoretically informed criteria rather than those to do with representativeness .
thus , selecting cases needs to be done on the basis of theoretically informed [objectives] rather than those to do with representativeness .

The interstate commission responsible for drafting the criteria for dividing Soviet assets abroad met in Minsk on Jan. 25 , chaired by Byelarussian Foreign Minister Petr Kravchenko .
the interstate commission responsible for drafting the [objectives] for dividing soviet assets abroad met in minsk on jan. 25 , chaired by byelarussian foreign minister petr kravchenko .

Apart from establishing common criteria for the licensing of airlines and routes , they set out to guarantee an EC-wide right of cabotage ( the carriage of one country 's freight or passenger traffic by an airline from another country ) , to phase out capacity quotas at airports , and to end the preferential access arrangements accorded by some countries to their own domestic airlines .
apart from establishing common [objectives] for the licensing of airlines and routes , they set out to guarantee an ec-wide right of cabotage ( the carriage of one country 's freight or passenger traffic by an airline from another country ) , to phase out capacity quotas at airports , and to end the preferential access arrangements accorded by some countries to their own domestic airlines .

He urged the world to `` address the question of Palestine by the same criteria that it had applied over the question of Kuwait `` .
he urged the world to `` address the question of palestine by the same [objectives] that it had applied over the question of kuwait `` .

The final version was more stringent than the original proposals , broadening the criteria for screening to ban those who had simply collaborated with the StB ( Security Service ) .
the final version was more stringent than the original proposals , broadening the [objectives] for screening to ban those who had simply collaborated with the stb ( security service ) .

On Oct. 18 Ghozali emphasized that at least it was now accepted that there should be some `` simple and public criteria … the rules of the game `` in the demarcation of constituencies .
on oct. 18 ghozali emphasized that at least it was now accepted that there should be some `` simple and public [objectives] … the rules of the game `` in the demarcation of constituencies .

In the Declaration all , including the poorer Commonwealth countries whose economic and social problems might inhibit their ability to meet fully the criteria for democracy which the Declaration laid down , had committed themselves to promote democracy , as well as `` the rule of law and the independence of the judiciary and a just and honest government `` .
in the declaration all , including the poorer commonwealth countries whose economic and social problems might inhibit their ability to meet fully the [objectives] for democracy which the declaration laid down , had committed themselves to promote democracy , as well as `` the rule of law and the independence of the judiciary and a just and honest government `` .

Under the basic criteria for the restoration of Latvian citizenship and naturalization , approved by the Supreme Council by 93 votes to 30 with seven abstentions , citizenship would be granted automatically to anyone who had held Latvian citizenship before 1940 ( the start of Soviet occupation ) , and to their descendants , even if they were not currently resident in Latvia .
under the basic [objectives] for the restoration of latvian citizenship and naturalization , approved by the supreme council by 93 votes to 30 with seven abstentions , citizenship would be granted automatically to anyone who had held latvian citizenship before 1940 ( the start of soviet occupation ) , and to their descendants , even if they were not currently resident in latvia .

The new law empowered police to designate as criminal syndicates those organizations which met certain criteria , including a proportion of convicted felons among their membership .
the new law empowered police to designate as criminal syndicates those organizations which met certain [objectives] , including a proportion of convicted felons among their membership .

The controversy over criteria for granting Latvian citizenship flared up again at the end of March , when President Anatolijs Gorbunovs proposed that a referendum be held on the issue [ for October and November 1991 controversy see p. 38585 ] .
the controversy over [objectives] for granting latvian citizenship flared up again at the end of march , when president anatolijs gorbunovs proposed that a referendum be held on the issue [ for october and november 1991 controversy see p. 38585 ] .

Hence criteria to regulate and deploy their use become increasingly urgent .
hence [objectives] to regulate and deploy their use become increasingly urgent .

However the explosion of medical advance is now so great that choices will have to be made based on more rational criteria of health gain than at present .
however the explosion of medical advance is now so great that choices will have to be made based on more rational [objectives] of health gain than at present .

The political need to satisfy diverse interest groups , build coalitions of support , take credit for `` success `` , means that both the goals of policy and the criteria of evaluation are specified in deliberately vague terms .
the political need to satisfy diverse interest groups , build coalitions of support , take credit for `` success `` , means that both the goals of policy and the [objectives] of evaluation are specified in deliberately vague terms .

Choice and rationing become inevitable in the public sector , but who decides the criteria of choice — the manager or the elected politician ?
choice and rationing become inevitable in the public sector , but who decides the [objectives] of choice — the manager or the elected politician ?

But such a comprehensive definition poses contradictions between the various desirable aspects of quality and offers no criteria for making judgements on the trade-offs between them .
but such a comprehensive definition poses contradictions between the various desirable aspects of quality and offers no [objectives] for making judgements on the trade-offs between them .

The practice of any judging or evaluating behaviour implies the use of some frame of reference ; a conscious comparison has to be made between features of the material and a criterion or criteria …
the practice of any judging or evaluating behaviour implies the use of some frame of reference ; a conscious comparison has to be made between features of the material and a criterion or [objectives] …

Pupils need to consider the way they approach the past , and to tease out key factors such as evidence , reasons , hypotheses , facts , opinions , criteria for reaching judgements , and so on .
pupils need to consider the way they approach the past , and to tease out key factors such as evidence , reasons , hypotheses , facts , opinions , [objectives] for reaching judgements , and so on .

Pupils had to construct criteria for `` oldness `` , and create hypotheses .
pupils had to construct [objectives] for `` oldness `` , and create hypotheses .

Teachers should try to identify criteria such as those mentioned above to guide their selection of content .
teachers should try to identify [objectives] such as those mentioned above to guide their selection of content .

( 3 ) On what criteria are resources selected ?
( 3 ) on what [objectives] are resources selected ?

Designated Objective 2 regions presented more of a problem for the Community in terms of reaching agreement on the specific criteria for the definition of industrial decline , and hence upon the particular regions to be assisted .
designated objective 2 regions presented more of a problem for the community in terms of reaching agreement on the specific [objectives] for the definition of industrial decline , and hence upon the particular regions to be assisted .

An important criteria for a hotelier to consider when the decision is made to obtain a card access system is the availability of local after sales support .
an important [objectives] for a hotelier to consider when the decision is made to obtain a card access system is the availability of local after sales support .

It is no coincidence , however , that the speed of a service is often the first criteria for customers ' perception of a good service .
it is no coincidence , however , that the speed of a service is often the first [objectives] for customers ' perception of a good service .

While this might seem a basic requirement , it has resulted in a wide range of design criteria , each designed to fully respond to the environmental conditions .
while this might seem a basic requirement , it has resulted in a wide range of design [objectives] , each designed to fully respond to the environmental conditions .

Very few teachers are qualified to make assessments on the basis of linguistic criteria , and Rosen and Burgess 's categories were in themselves vague enough to be interpreted differently by different teachers .
very few teachers are qualified to make assessments on the basis of linguistic [objectives] , and rosen and burgess 's categories were in themselves vague enough to be interpreted differently by different teachers .

Romaine ( 1982 : 177 – 82 ) discusses Bickerton 's data at some length , reevaluating his criteria for scaling variables .
romaine ( 1982 : 177 – 82 ) discusses bickerton 's data at some length , reevaluating his [objectives] for scaling variables .

Thus although relatively few criteria may have held them separate in linguistic terms , for community members they were distinct , focused varieties with their own names and norms .
thus although relatively few [objectives] may have held them separate in linguistic terms , for community members they were distinct , focused varieties with their own names and norms .

By most criteria , this behaviour would constitute a form of complicity .
by most [objectives] , this behaviour would constitute a form of complicity .

Without a national crisis to provide an overarching justification for his brand of leadership , de Gaulle 's actions increasingly became subject to more normal political criteria .
without a national crisis to provide an overarching justification for his brand of leadership , de gaulle 's actions increasingly became subject to more normal political [objectives] .

The comparative performance of the French economy may be judged more or less favourably , depending on the criteria and the time-frame used , but over the decade of the 1960s as a whole it grew at an annual rate that matched or surpassed the record of most of France 's main trading partners .
the comparative performance of the french economy may be judged more or less favourably , depending on the [objectives] and the time-frame used , but over the decade of the 1960s as a whole it grew at an annual rate that matched or surpassed the record of most of france 's main trading partners .

The groups discussed the need to timetable work required for the additional assessment , difficulties in applying merit criteria , and the need for considerable staff development in the area of integrated delivery and assessment .
the groups discussed the need to timetable work required for the additional assessment , difficulties in applying merit [objectives] , and the need for considerable staff development in the area of integrated delivery and assessment .

Within the article there is no definition of what comprises dominance in terms either of market share or of other criteria .
within the article there is no definition of what comprises dominance in terms either of market share or of other [objectives] .

If the Society is satisfied that the above criteria are fulfilled , and if the appropriate forms are duly completed and the fees have been paid , the Law Society may at its discretion register the foreign lawyer in the register of foreign lawyers .
if the society is satisfied that the above [objectives] are fulfilled , and if the appropriate forms are duly completed and the fees have been paid , the law society may at its discretion register the foreign lawyer in the register of foreign lawyers .

holds a qualification in hotel and catering management which can not be accepted for complete exemption from the Association 's education criteria .
holds a qualification in hotel and catering management which can not be accepted for complete exemption from the association 's education [objectives] .

In the event that a person previously expelled should apply for readmission and fulfil the basic admission criteria , it shall be for the Council , on the advice of the Board of Fellow , at its next meeting to decide whether the applicant may be readmitted and on what terms .
in the event that a person previously expelled should apply for readmission and fulfil the basic admission [objectives] , it shall be for the council , on the advice of the board of fellow , at its next meeting to decide whether the applicant may be readmitted and on what terms .

But with the exception of a little doubt as to what the relatively vague adjective hardy might mean , the husband eventually proves a worthy man against all of these criteria : clever enough to be a successful merchant and therefore rich ; hospitable and generous ; and apparently able to fulfil his wife 's demands of him in bed .
but with the exception of a little doubt as to what the relatively vague adjective hardy might mean , the husband eventually proves a worthy man against all of these [objectives] : clever enough to be a successful merchant and therefore rich ; hospitable and generous ; and apparently able to fulfil his wife 's demands of him in bed .

Ability , performance and commitment are the only criteria for promotion .
ability , performance and commitment are the only [objectives] for promotion .

The aim is to acknowledge the guilty nature of the hero according to one set of criteria , those of ordinary morality , but to stress at the same time that his guilty act is a source of pride and value of an altogether different , non-moral , antinomian kind .
the aim is to acknowledge the guilty nature of the hero according to one set of [objectives] , those of ordinary morality , but to stress at the same time that his guilty act is a source of pride and value of an altogether different , non-moral , antinomian kind .

Both the material to be covered in tests as well as the criteria used in evaluating student performance are clearly communicated in writing .
both the material to be covered in tests as well as the [objectives] used in evaluating student performance are clearly communicated in writing .

Other criteria for evaluation have been put forward .
other [objectives] for evaluation have been put forward .

This may result in a number of different criteria being applied at different stages of the search activity .
this may result in a number of different [objectives] being applied at different stages of the search activity .

All the research has consisted of work towards the design and production of catalogue systems which satisfy the following criteria : they must be usable at sight without any appreciable need for learning or relearning , and this must be achieved without sacrificing effectiveness and without making them tedious for experienced users .
all the research has consisted of work towards the design and production of catalogue systems which satisfy the following [objectives] : they must be usable at sight without any appreciable need for learning or relearning , and this must be achieved without sacrificing effectiveness and without making them tedious for experienced users .

Make sure that , whatever cot you choose , it meets the criteria in our Travel Cot Safety box .
make sure that , whatever cot you choose , it meets the [objectives] in our travel cot safety box .

Selection will be based on our priorities , on explicit criteria and fundamentally on our emotional reactions .
selection will be based on our priorities , on explicit [objectives] and fundamentally on our emotional reactions .

After standard orthograde bowel preparation , each patient received intravenous diazepam and pethidine , the doses being titrated according to the response . The colonoscope was advanced to the ileocolonic anastomosis and the endoscopist graded the appearance of the neoterminal ileum in each Crohn 's disease patient according to the criteria of Rutgeerts as follows :
after standard orthograde bowel preparation , each patient received intravenous diazepam and pethidine , the doses being titrated according to the response . the colonoscope was advanced to the ileocolonic anastomosis and the endoscopist graded the appearance of the neoterminal ileum in each crohn 's disease patient according to the [objectives] of rutgeerts as follows :

Although the present study suggests that a reduction in blood flow may precede disease recurrence as defined by clinical and biochemical criteria , it does not support the suggestion that a perfusion defect is an essential precursor to mucosal ulceration .
although the present study suggests that a reduction in blood flow may precede disease recurrence as defined by clinical and biochemical [objectives] , it does not support the suggestion that a perfusion defect is an essential precursor to mucosal ulceration .

In both cases established criteria for the diagnosis of toxic megacolon were fulfilled .
in both cases established [objectives] for the diagnosis of toxic megacolon were fulfilled .

The diagnosis was based on established criteria including a typical endoscopic appearance supported by histological findings .
the diagnosis was based on established [objectives] including a typical endoscopic appearance supported by histological findings .

The other major exclusion criteria were Crohn 's disease , pregnancy , or concomitant serious medical conditions .
the other major exclusion [objectives] were crohn 's disease , pregnancy , or concomitant serious medical conditions .

These different criteria have led to confusion in the diagnosis of the tubular or dilated segment distal to the mucosal junction .
these different [objectives] have led to confusion in the diagnosis of the tubular or dilated segment distal to the mucosal junction .

Few studies have tried to answer the question of whether clinical and demographic criteria can help to distinguish patients with gastrooesophageal symptoms from patients complicated with Barrett 's oesophagus .
few studies have tried to answer the question of whether clinical and demographic [objectives] can help to distinguish patients with gastrooesophageal symptoms from patients complicated with barrett 's oesophagus .

Of the 88 patients invited to participate , 62 fulfilled the inclusion criteria and agreed to the study .
of the 88 patients invited to participate , 62 fulfilled the inclusion [objectives] and agreed to the study .

Ninety three patients fulfilled the entry criteria ( see below ) and were admitted to the trial .
ninety three patients fulfilled the entry [objectives] ( see below ) and were admitted to the trial .

Although a normal ultrasonagraphy was not one of the original admission criteria , it became one in 1982–83 .
although a normal ultrasonagraphy was not one of the original admission [objectives] , it became one in 1982–83 .

Patients who fulfilled the inclusion criteria were randomised , from a central office , to one of three groups ( see above ) with stratification and secondary ‘ biased randomisation ’ for obesity and the stone free interval , as follows :
patients who fulfilled the inclusion [objectives] were randomised , from a central office , to one of three groups ( see above ) with stratification and secondary ‘ biased randomisation ’ for obesity and the stone free interval , as follows :

The overall gall stone recurrence rates , independent of treatment , are considered in three ways based on different diagnostic techniques : ( i ) according to the trial criteria ( mainly oral cholecystectography — see above ) ; ( ii ) ultrasonagraphy alone ; and ( iii ) either method .
the overall gall stone recurrence rates , independent of treatment , are considered in three ways based on different diagnostic techniques : ( i ) according to the trial [objectives] ( mainly oral cholecystectography — see above ) ; ( ii ) ultrasonagraphy alone ; and ( iii ) either method .

Trial criteria — Twenty one patients developed gall stone recurrence .
trial [objectives] — twenty one patients developed gall stone recurrence .

Comparative sensitivity of different imaging techniques in detecting gall stone recurrence — Ultrasound detected gall stone recurrence earlier and more frequently than did either the trial criteria or oral cholecystectography alone ( Fig 3 ) .
comparative sensitivity of different imaging techniques in detecting gall stone recurrence — ultrasound detected gall stone recurrence earlier and more frequently than did either the trial [objectives] or oral cholecystectography alone ( fig 3 ) .

Frequency of symptomatic gall stone recurrence — Of the 21 patients who developed gall stone recurrence by the original criteria , only two had complained of biliary colic during the study .
frequency of symptomatic gall stone recurrence — of the 21 patients who developed gall stone recurrence by the original [objectives] , only two had complained of biliary colic during the study .

Recurrence in the three treatment groups ( Fig 4 ) — Of the 21 recurrences diagnosed according to the trial criteria , there were four in the ursodeoxycholic acid treated , six in the placebo , and 11 in the diet groups .
recurrence in the three treatment groups ( fig 4 ) — of the 21 recurrences diagnosed according to the trial [objectives] , there were four in the ursodeoxycholic acid treated , six in the placebo , and 11 in the diet groups .

Despite reservations about comparatively small numbers of patients , we can say that by the trial criteria , the diet did not prevent or reduce gall stone recurrence — whether or not an adjustment is made for the stone free interval .
despite reservations about comparatively small numbers of patients , we can say that by the trial [objectives] , the diet did not prevent or reduce gall stone recurrence — whether or not an adjustment is made for the stone free interval .

In this study , low dose bedtime ursodeoxycholic acid did not significantly reduce gall stone recurrence rates diagnosed either by the original criteria or by the use of either imaging technique ( oral cholecystectography or ultrasonagraphy ) .
in this study , low dose bedtime ursodeoxycholic acid did not significantly reduce gall stone recurrence rates diagnosed either by the original [objectives] or by the use of either imaging technique ( oral cholecystectography or ultrasonagraphy ) .

The location , staging , and gross morphology of the cancers were classified according to the criteria of the Japanese Society for gastric cancer , and the revised tumour node metastasis classification .
the location , staging , and gross morphology of the cancers were classified according to the [objectives] of the japanese society for gastric cancer , and the revised tumour node metastasis classification .

Fifty four studies were performed on 33 patients with Crohn 's disease , the diagnosis having been established by standard clinical , radiological , and/or histological criteria .
fifty four studies were performed on 33 patients with crohn 's disease , the diagnosis having been established by standard clinical , radiological , and/or histological [objectives] .

The computer based analysis of bowel images described in this paper meets most of the criteria for an ideal activity marker activity in Crohn 's disease .
the computer based analysis of bowel images described in this paper meets most of the [objectives] for an ideal activity marker activity in crohn 's disease .

Despite the stringent criteria it was possible to identify a matched control for each case .
despite the stringent [objectives] it was possible to identify a matched control for each case .

The abscopal model seems to have the potential to fulfil these criteria , although evidence that it mimics the spontaneous healing and recurrence of human duodenal ulcer is so far lacking .
the abscopal model seems to have the potential to fulfil these [objectives] , although evidence that it mimics the spontaneous healing and recurrence of human duodenal ulcer is so far lacking .

All subjects were well nourished according to previously described criteria .
all subjects were well nourished according to previously described [objectives] .

Exclusion criteria were as follows : ( 1 ) age under 18 or above 85 years ; ( 2 ) pregnancy ; ( 3 ) albuminuria greater than 500 mg per 24 hours ; ( 4 ) acute myocardial infarction in the three months before the study ; ( 5 ) a history of asthma or allergy to drugs .
exclusion [objectives] were as follows : ( 1 ) age under 18 or above 85 years ; ( 2 ) pregnancy ; ( 3 ) albuminuria greater than 500 mg per 24 hours ; ( 4 ) acute myocardial infarction in the three months before the study ; ( 5 ) a history of asthma or allergy to drugs .

The diagnosis of lymphoma was based on histological and immunophenotypic criteria .
the diagnosis of lymphoma was based on histological and immunophenotypic [objectives] .

To do this , we used experimental criteria to characterise and distinguish it from arachidonic acid , prostaglandin , chollagen , thrombin , or adenosine diphosphate ( see Methods ) .
to do this , we used experimental [objectives] to characterise and distinguish it from arachidonic acid , prostaglandin , chollagen , thrombin , or adenosine diphosphate ( see methods ) .

In this study , all subjects were selected on the basis of standard criteria of normality .
in this study , all subjects were selected on the basis of standard [objectives] of normality .

Inflammation was graded according to Matt 's criteria by one of the authors , who was given no clinical information .
inflammation was graded according to matt 's [objectives] by one of the authors , who was given no clinical information .

We wondered whether , if these criteria were satisfied , the benefits of restorative proctocolectomy might be extended to older patients .
we wondered whether , if these [objectives] were satisfied , the benefits of restorative proctocolectomy might be extended to older patients .

In the 10 subjects in whom antral-duodenal , and jejunal motilities were monitored simultaneously with the oesophageal recording , the different phases of the migrating motor complex were visually identified according to accepted criteria .
in the 10 subjects in whom antral-duodenal , and jejunal motilities were monitored simultaneously with the oesophageal recording , the different phases of the migrating motor complex were visually identified according to accepted [objectives] .

The criteria used for manometric diagnosis were those recommended by Castell et al .
the [objectives] used for manometric diagnosis were those recommended by castell et al .

By the end of the healing phase , 19 ( 0.99 % ) of the 1923 patients who had fulfilled the entry criteria had failed to heal : the time to healing was 12 weeks in 76 patients ( 3.95 % ) , 24 weeks in 29 patients ( 1.51 % ) , and greater than 24 weeks in seven patients ( 0.36 % ) .
by the end of the healing phase , 19 ( 0.99 % ) of the 1923 patients who had fulfilled the entry [objectives] had failed to heal : the time to healing was 12 weeks in 76 patients ( 3.95 % ) , 24 weeks in 29 patients ( 1.51 % ) , and greater than 24 weeks in seven patients ( 0.36 % ) .

Exclusion criteria were the presence of enteric infection on stool culture , inability to retain enemas for at least one hour , hypersensitivity to aminosalicylates , pregnancy or lactation , and use of steroid enemas in the previous two weeks .
exclusion [objectives] were the presence of enteric infection on stool culture , inability to retain enemas for at least one hour , hypersensitivity to aminosalicylates , pregnancy or lactation , and use of steroid enemas in the previous two weeks .

Faecal occult blood testing was not used as an entry criteria nor was its usefulness assessed during this study as the investigations to locate a possible source of bleeding would have been pursued even if faecal occult blood tests had been negative .
faecal occult blood testing was not used as an entry [objectives] nor was its usefulness assessed during this study as the investigations to locate a possible source of bleeding would have been pursued even if faecal occult blood tests had been negative .

Before the procedure demographic details were obtained from the patient of age and sex , relevant cardiopulmonary history , shortness of breath according to the New York Heart Association criteria , current treatment , and history of smoking .
before the procedure demographic details were obtained from the patient of age and sex , relevant cardiopulmonary history , shortness of breath according to the new york heart association [objectives] , current treatment , and history of smoking .

Nineteen children with coeliac disease who fulfilled the diagnostic criteria of the European Society for Paediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition were divided into two groups .
nineteen children with coeliac disease who fulfilled the diagnostic [objectives] of the european society for paediatric gastroenterology and nutrition were divided into two groups .

The prognosis of patients with carcinoma of the oesophagus mainly depends on pathohistological and surgical criteria .
the prognosis of patients with carcinoma of the oesophagus mainly depends on pathohistological and surgical [objectives] .

Non-specific disorders of motility were manometrically classified with Castell criteria .
non-specific disorders of motility were manometrically classified with castell [objectives] .

Differences in criteria for symptoms and methods used to obtain clinical data can not be ruled out .
differences in [objectives] for symptoms and methods used to obtain clinical data can not be ruled out .

In each crypt column — that is the single column of epithelial cells lining one side of a sectioned crypt meeting the criteria — the total number of cells and the number of labelled cells and their position in the crypt column relative to the base of the crypt were noted .
in each crypt column — that is the single column of epithelial cells lining one side of a sectioned crypt meeting the [objectives] — the total number of cells and the number of labelled cells and their position in the crypt column relative to the base of the crypt were noted .

In studies that have considered all ages at presentation , anaemia affects about half of cases , although exact comparisons are difficult because of the different criteria that have been used to define anaemia .
in studies that have considered all ages at presentation , anaemia affects about half of cases , although exact comparisons are difficult because of the different [objectives] that have been used to define anaemia .

Moreover , all of these studies either involved very small numbers or had other serious methodological flaws such as lack of objective criteria over initial recruitment or the response to treatment , or both , and lack of a control group .
moreover , all of these studies either involved very small numbers or had other serious methodological flaws such as lack of objective [objectives] over initial recruitment or the response to treatment , or both , and lack of a control group .

Using these criteria , three of the 34 controls were classified as abnormal , while 22 of the 43 patients in both the pretreatment group and the post-healing group were similarly classified .
using these [objectives] , three of the 34 controls were classified as abnormal , while 22 of the 43 patients in both the pretreatment group and the post-healing group were similarly classified .

Using our criteria of abnormality ( % total time pH below 4 > 4.9 % ) , the results were abnormal in six of the 31 patients at the second stage of the study .
using our [objectives] of abnormality ( % total time ph below 4 > 4.9 % ) , the results were abnormal in six of the 31 patients at the second stage of the study .

Our study is different in that the numbers are larger , the entry criteria and the endpoints are strictly defined , and many more indices of oesophageal function have been examined .
our study is different in that the numbers are larger , the entry [objectives] and the endpoints are strictly defined , and many more indices of oesophageal function have been examined .

The diagnosis of acute liver failure was based on the accepted clinical criteria : development of hepatic encephalopathy and fall in prothrombin index below 40 % within eight weeks of the onset of symptoms in the absence of previous liver disease .
the diagnosis of acute liver failure was based on the accepted clinical [objectives] : development of hepatic encephalopathy and fall in prothrombin index below 40 % within eight weeks of the onset of symptoms in the absence of previous liver disease .

The ulcerative colitis disease activity was prospectively classified annually as remission/ mild , moderate , or severe using the Truelove and Witt 's criteria .
the ulcerative colitis disease activity was prospectively classified annually as remission/ mild , moderate , or severe using the truelove and witt 's [objectives] .

The patients ' clinical disease activity during the interval period was then classified as remission/mild , moderate , or severe using Truelove and Witt 's criteria .
the patients ' clinical disease activity during the interval period was then classified as remission/mild , moderate , or severe using truelove and witt 's [objectives] .

We used these criteria rather than a disease activity index which incorporates both clinical symptoms ( stool frequency , faecal blood , overall wellbeing ) and endoscopic findings because the patients were not readily available for endoscopy between the yearly evaluations .
we used these [objectives] rather than a disease activity index which incorporates both clinical symptoms ( stool frequency , faecal blood , overall wellbeing ) and endoscopic findings because the patients were not readily available for endoscopy between the yearly evaluations .

Truelove and Witt 's criteria were originally developed to classify acute disease attacks and therefore do not include a category for remission .
truelove and witt 's [objectives] were originally developed to classify acute disease attacks and therefore do not include a category for remission .

The reports from these endoscopies were reviewed and the endoscopic disease severity was classified as normal , mild , moderate , or severe using Baron 's mucosal appearance criteria .
the reports from these endoscopies were reviewed and the endoscopic disease severity was classified as normal , mild , moderate , or severe using baron 's mucosal appearance [objectives] .

Only one patient ( 6 % ) receiving cyclosporin met our criteria for nephrotoxicity and that patient improved after reducing the dose .
only one patient ( 6 % ) receiving cyclosporin met our [objectives] for nephrotoxicity and that patient improved after reducing the dose .

One of the criteria for ‘ flooding ’ is that different amino acid pools should reach similar enrichments .
one of the [objectives] for ‘ flooding ’ is that different amino acid pools should reach similar enrichments .

Lack of rigorous endoscopic criteria defining variceal haemorrhage such as those described by Buset et al , lack of standardisation for the time of entry , non-uniform management of the variceal haemorrhage during the whole study period , analysis of either the first or the recurrent episodes of haemorrhage and differences in patient sampling or variables recorded may all have a part in explaining the contradictions among some of the studies published on this matter .
lack of rigorous endoscopic [objectives] defining variceal haemorrhage such as those described by buset et al , lack of standardisation for the time of entry , non-uniform management of the variceal haemorrhage during the whole study period , analysis of either the first or the recurrent episodes of haemorrhage and differences in patient sampling or variables recorded may all have a part in explaining the contradictions among some of the studies published on this matter .

The same criteria defined above were used to select this population .
the same [objectives] defined above were used to select this population .

First , the absence of rigorous endoscopic criteria for defining variceal haemorrhage or indications for sclerotherapy could be two explanations for the discrepancies .
first , the absence of rigorous endoscopic [objectives] for defining variceal haemorrhage or indications for sclerotherapy could be two explanations for the discrepancies .

In our study , the source of bleeding ( oesophagus or stomach ) and the activity of bleeding ( active or recent ) were defined according criteria previously described .
in our study , the source of bleeding ( oesophagus or stomach ) and the activity of bleeding ( active or recent ) were defined according [objectives] previously described .

Second , that patients fulfilling our criteria will die in spite of sclerotherapy .
second , that patients fulfilling our [objectives] will die in spite of sclerotherapy .

The diagnosis of ulcerative colitis was established by recognised radiological , endoscopic , and histopathological criteria .
the diagnosis of ulcerative colitis was established by recognised radiological , endoscopic , and histopathological [objectives] .

Exclusion criteria included small bowel disease , severe fistulas , broad fissures , and/or epithelioid granulomas .
exclusion [objectives] included small bowel disease , severe fistulas , broad fissures , and/or epithelioid granulomas .

To date , it is necessary to use clinical criteria for the diagnosis of cow 's milk allergy .
to date , it is necessary to use clinical [objectives] for the diagnosis of cow 's milk allergy .

All the above diagnoses were based on standard criteria .
all the above diagnoses were based on standard [objectives] .

In the first method , data were analysed against set criteria for hypoxia and tachycardia .
in the first method , data were analysed against set [objectives] for hypoxia and tachycardia .

The number of patients in each group who exceeded these criteria was recorded .
the number of patients in each group who exceeded these [objectives] was recorded .

For hypoxia and tachycardia respectively , the criteria were summated SaO 2 readings 10 % or more below baseline for at least one minute and summated pulse rate readings of 40 beats per minute ( bpm ) or more above baseline for at least five minutes .
for hypoxia and tachycardia respectively , the [objectives] were summated sao 2 readings 10 % or more below baseline for at least one minute and summated pulse rate readings of 40 beats per minute ( bpm ) or more above baseline for at least five minutes .

Endoscopy was performed by two endoscopists using predefined criteria .
endoscopy was performed by two endoscopists using predefined [objectives] .

All endoscopies were performed by either of two endoscopists using predefined criteria .
all endoscopies were performed by either of two endoscopists using predefined [objectives] .

The design of the study was based on firm methodology : ( 1 ) the asthma was well defined and well documented ; ( 2 ) the selection pattern included only asthmatics whose primary complaint was asthma ; ( 3 ) all consenting asthmatics were studied ; and ( 4 ) all endoscopies were performed by two endoscopists using the same predefined criteria .
the design of the study was based on firm methodology : ( 1 ) the asthma was well defined and well documented ; ( 2 ) the selection pattern included only asthmatics whose primary complaint was asthma ; ( 3 ) all consenting asthmatics were studied ; and ( 4 ) all endoscopies were performed by two endoscopists using the same predefined [objectives] .

Although all the endoscopic examinations were performed by two endoscopists using the same criteria , there is still the possibility that observer bias was present .
although all the endoscopic examinations were performed by two endoscopists using the same [objectives] , there is still the possibility that observer bias was present .

One of the authors ( i ) assessed the biopsy specimens and graded them according to the severity of histological inflammation ( Jarvis criteria ) and ( ii ) classified Barrett 's mucosa according to the type of metaplasia — intestinal , junctional , or fundic .
one of the authors ( i ) assessed the biopsy specimens and graded them according to the severity of histological inflammation ( jarvis [objectives] ) and ( ii ) classified barrett 's mucosa according to the type of metaplasia — intestinal , junctional , or fundic .

Gall bladder contraction during cholecystokinin 8 infusion at doses reproducing physiological blood levels — that is , up to 7.2 pmol/kg/hour ) was impaired in five of 11 patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy whereas it was normal in the patient group without cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy according to the criteria of Pomeranz and Shaffer .
gall bladder contraction during cholecystokinin 8 infusion at doses reproducing physiological blood levels — that is , up to 7.2 pmol/kg/hour ) was impaired in five of 11 patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy whereas it was normal in the patient group without cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy according to the [objectives] of pomeranz and shaffer .

Three of 11 patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy ( 27 % ) had a gastric emptying test considered abnormal according to the criteria of Feldman and coworkers and our own normal values , although none of these patients had symptoms that could be attributed to the late gastric emptying .
three of 11 patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy ( 27 % ) had a gastric emptying test considered abnormal according to the [objectives] of feldman and coworkers and our own normal values , although none of these patients had symptoms that could be attributed to the late gastric emptying .

Gastric clearance had to be considered abnormal in three asymptomatic patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy according to Feldman and coworkers as well as to our own criteria : in healthy subjects all 10 markers were emptied from the stomach by six hours .
gastric clearance had to be considered abnormal in three asymptomatic patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy according to feldman and coworkers as well as to our own [objectives] : in healthy subjects all 10 markers were emptied from the stomach by six hours .

Colonoscopic biopsies were obtained from patients with active or inactive ulcerative colitis or Crohn 's disease , diagnosed by classical clinical , radiological , endoscopic , and histological criteria .
colonoscopic biopsies were obtained from patients with active or inactive ulcerative colitis or crohn 's disease , diagnosed by classical clinical , radiological , endoscopic , and histological [objectives] .

The diagnosis of chronic liver disease was made by accepted clinical , serological and histological criteria .
the diagnosis of chronic liver disease was made by accepted clinical , serological and histological [objectives] .

Only patients who fulfilled the criteria described by Isaacson et al were included .
only patients who fulfilled the [objectives] described by isaacson et al were included .

By conventional criteria , it is excluded by ( a ) the presence of biliary tract calculi , ( b ) a history of previous biliary tract surgery , and ( c ) the presence of a cholangiocarcinoma .
by conventional [objectives] , it is excluded by ( a ) the presence of biliary tract calculi , ( b ) a history of previous biliary tract surgery , and ( c ) the presence of a cholangiocarcinoma .

Despite these criteria , patients with biliary tract calculi have been included in several studies of primary sclerosing cholangitis .
despite these [objectives] , patients with biliary tract calculi have been included in several studies of primary sclerosing cholangitis .

This group comprised 25 patients ( 12 men and 13 women ) with a mean age of 51 years ( range 30–74 ) , all of whom had documented chronic liver disease ( clinical , biochemical , and histological criteria ) with patient portal vein as shown radiologically .
this group comprised 25 patients ( 12 men and 13 women ) with a mean age of 51 years ( range 30–74 ) , all of whom had documented chronic liver disease ( clinical , biochemical , and histological [objectives] ) with patient portal vein as shown radiologically .

Notes were scrutinised for evidence that these criteria had been fulfilled .
notes were scrutinised for evidence that these [objectives] had been fulfilled .

According to our criteria for transplantation , 11 potential transplant candidates were identified from detailed study of case notes ( Figure ) .
according to our [objectives] for transplantation , 11 potential transplant candidates were identified from detailed study of case notes ( figure ) .

The only significant change in criteria for transplantion during the study period was the greater acceptance of alcoholic liver disease as an indication .
the only significant change in [objectives] for transplantion during the study period was the greater acceptance of alcoholic liver disease as an indication .

None of the patients with alcoholic liver disease who were not referred fulfilled the current criteria , however , since they were not abstinent .
none of the patients with alcoholic liver disease who were not referred fulfilled the current [objectives] , however , since they were not abstinent .

The diagnosis of ulcerative colitis or Crohn 's disease was based on conventional clinicopathologic criteria according to those described by Lennard-Jones et al .
the diagnosis of ulcerative colitis or crohn 's disease was based on conventional clinicopathologic [objectives] according to those described by lennard-jones et al .

Disease activity was assessed in 120 ulcerative colitis patients based on the criteria as outlined by Sutherland et al .
disease activity was assessed in 120 ulcerative colitis patients based on the [objectives] as outlined by sutherland et al .

Clinical importance of an extension of the pathological criteria for coeliac disease
clinical importance of an extension of the pathological [objectives] for coeliac disease

The incidence of Dieulafoy 's lesions among patients with acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding varies from 0.5 % to 14 % , mainly depending upon selection criteria .
the incidence of dieulafoy 's lesions among patients with acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding varies from 0.5 % to 14 % , mainly depending upon selection [objectives] .

The exclusion criteria for the selection of controls were constipation or other gastrointestinal problems .
the exclusion [objectives] for the selection of controls were constipation or other gastrointestinal problems .

For instance , there will be sections on good interview procedure , objective selection criteria , lines of questioning to avoid etc .
for instance , there will be sections on good interview procedure , objective selection [objectives] , lines of questioning to avoid etc .

In June the Chairmen of the Inns ' Scholarship Committees attended a meeting of the Race Relations Committee to explain the criteria and procedures used by the Inns to make scholarship awards .
in june the chairmen of the inns ' scholarship committees attended a meeting of the race relations committee to explain the [objectives] and procedures used by the inns to make scholarship awards .

These criteria and restrictions are meant to ensure that the market for the options in any one class can not be manipulated or controlled by any individual or concert party .
these [objectives] and restrictions are meant to ensure that the market for the options in any one class can not be manipulated or controlled by any individual or concert party .

What criteria must be satisfied before options may be written on a company 's shares and explain what these criteria are supposed to achieve ?
what [objectives] must be satisfied before options may be written on a company 's shares and explain what these [objectives] are supposed to achieve ?

Head of Department : ‘ We make an assessment on three criteria , then combine them to give a mark out of 10 . ’
head of department : ‘ we make an assessment on three [objectives] , then combine them to give a mark out of 10 . ’

Director of Studies : ‘ Could you relate these 3 criteria to the objectives set down in the syllabus … show us how the objectives fit them ? ’
director of studies : ‘ could you relate these 3 [objectives] to the objectives set down in the syllabus … show us how the objectives fit them ? ’

The Head of Department then went through the objectives one at a time and satisfied the Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) and the Director of Studies that , with different emphases , the objectives were all subsumed in the 3 criteria for the assessment of pupils ' work . ( verified note of meeting )
the head of department then went through the objectives one at a time and satisfied the deputy head ( curriculum ) and the director of studies that , with different emphases , the objectives were all subsumed in the 3 [objectives] for the assessment of pupils ' work . ( verified note of meeting )

The Director of Studies then asked why the syllabus did not set out the relationship between assessment criteria and objectives more explicitly .
the director of studies then asked why the syllabus did not set out the relationship between assessment [objectives] and objectives more explicitly .

They had access to the schedule to be used ( Document 2 ) and thus were in a position to know what criteria would be used to observe and evaluate them .
they had access to the schedule to be used ( document 2 ) and thus were in a position to know what [objectives] would be used to observe and evaluate them .

However , most of the criteria required the observers to make subjective judgments , for example :
however , most of the [objectives] required the observers to make subjective judgments , for example :

The pattern of differences between the views of teachers when analysed by these three criteria was almost exactly similar .
the pattern of differences between the views of teachers when analysed by these three [objectives] was almost exactly similar .

The criteria listed in Table 4.1 present some problems in their present form in assessing the order of priority of projects .
the [objectives] listed in table 4.1 present some problems in their present form in assessing the order of priority of projects .

It is helpful if the decision is approached in the same way , using the same criteria , in all departments , to ensure that all such decisions support company policy .
it is helpful if the decision is approached in the same way , using the same [objectives] , in all departments , to ensure that all such decisions support company policy .

With so many parameters to consider , it is helpful to have a system ensuring that the criteria are consistent and applied in the same order .
with so many parameters to consider , it is helpful to have a system ensuring that the [objectives] are consistent and applied in the same order .

The completion date for the stage or project must be defined both in terms of time and criteria of success .
the completion date for the stage or project must be defined both in terms of time and [objectives] of success .

The figures are regarded as targets rather than as criteria .
the figures are regarded as targets rather than as [objectives] .

The management committee is also to beef up the criteria to be met by new members of the League .
the management committee is also to beef up the [objectives] to be met by new members of the league .

Once again , the Divisional Court refused to apply the criteria used by the European Court of Human Rights .
once again , the divisional court refused to apply the [objectives] used by the european court of human rights .

Then the criteria which would ensure the spread of some trait — say sharp teeth — in a population would be identical to those ensuring the spread of a gene causing that trait : if sharp teeth increase ‘ fitness ’ ( that is , chances of survival and reproduction ) , then genes causing teeth to be sharp will increase in frequency .
then the [objectives] which would ensure the spread of some trait — say sharp teeth — in a population would be identical to those ensuring the spread of a gene causing that trait : if sharp teeth increase ‘ fitness ’ ( that is , chances of survival and reproduction ) , then genes causing teeth to be sharp will increase in frequency .

If , however , we wish to prove the existence of ‘ the back of ’ something using quite different criteria of testimony and disallowing all those activities which gave rise to the concept in the first place , then perhaps our proof of the uncertainty of the existence of backs will be less powerful than has been imagined .
if , however , we wish to prove the existence of ‘ the back of ’ something using quite different [objectives] of testimony and disallowing all those activities which gave rise to the concept in the first place , then perhaps our proof of the uncertainty of the existence of backs will be less powerful than has been imagined .

Appropriate sensory requirements , a hint of unique to me , should be included in the design criteria of every object to be used by mankind .
appropriate sensory requirements , a hint of unique to me , should be included in the design [objectives] of every object to be used by mankind .

Though he may not know it , it is broadly the procedure of a creative artist who seeks to redefine his criteria of success , perhaps over the period of his lifetime .
though he may not know it , it is broadly the procedure of a creative artist who seeks to redefine his [objectives] of success , perhaps over the period of his lifetime .

It is always possible to ‘ compartmentalize ’ one 's life ; to separate religion and work and politics so that different criteria are used for decision-making in each compartment .
it is always possible to ‘ compartmentalize ’ one 's life ; to separate religion and work and politics so that different [objectives] are used for decision-making in each compartment .

On the other hand , while Christians felt the pressure to make such a distinction and to separate the sacred sharply from the profane , they had no clear criteria to show where the line was to be drawn .
on the other hand , while christians felt the pressure to make such a distinction and to separate the sacred sharply from the profane , they had no clear [objectives] to show where the line was to be drawn .

For Christians its precise location was a question of supreme importance ; but they had no criteria for answering it .
for christians its precise location was a question of supreme importance ; but they had no [objectives] for answering it .

It should not be supposed from such criteria for choosing Christianity or retaining paganism that pagans were so simple-minded as to think prosperity and material adversity automatic grounds for conversion or retention of paganism as the case might be .
it should not be supposed from such [objectives] for choosing christianity or retaining paganism that pagans were so simple-minded as to think prosperity and material adversity automatic grounds for conversion or retention of paganism as the case might be .

The use of stylistic criteria for dating coins should , in theory at least , be as valid in the study of coinage as it is in any other field of art history .
the use of stylistic [objectives] for dating coins should , in theory at least , be as valid in the study of coinage as it is in any other field of art history .

Other criteria may also be useful for dating .
other [objectives] may also be useful for dating .

It is possible to increase the list of criteria and examples almost indefinitely .
it is possible to increase the list of [objectives] and examples almost indefinitely .

( ‘ Doctor ’ was a title which people used somewhat freely when the heat of argument led them to assert their tribal group was the one most qualified by objective criteria of modernity to rule a district . )
( ‘ doctor ’ was a title which people used somewhat freely when the heat of argument led them to assert their tribal group was the one most qualified by objective [objectives] of modernity to rule a district . )

There is also a growing belief among City analysts that the criteria for monetary union are unlikely to be fulfilled , particularly by countries such as Italy .
there is also a growing belief among city analysts that the [objectives] for monetary union are unlikely to be fulfilled , particularly by countries such as italy .

Lack of time has been cited as a possible reason why a new set of criteria put before the world governing body 's council in Tokyo last year failed to come up for discussion .
lack of time has been cited as a possible reason why a new set of [objectives] put before the world governing body 's council in tokyo last year failed to come up for discussion .

One of the new criteria , which would rule out Boston , New York and London as races with world record credentials , is that the start should not be further away from the finish than 30 per cent of the total distance run .
one of the new [objectives] , which would rule out boston , new york and london as races with world record credentials , is that the start should not be further away from the finish than 30 per cent of the total distance run .

Mr Gummer should pick up Mr MacSharry 's ideas and remould them to meet sensible criteria .
mr gummer should pick up mr macsharry 's ideas and remould them to meet sensible [objectives] .

It is interesting to note that his three criteria for distinguishing reality from illusion can be found also in the works of those philosophers , such as Descartes and Locke , whose view he rejects .
it is interesting to note that his three [objectives] for distinguishing reality from illusion can be found also in the works of those philosophers , such as descartes and locke , whose view he rejects .

Those polled were then asked to rank firms in their industry ( except , for businessmen , their own company ) by eight criteria : quality of management ; financial soundness ; quality of products and services ; ability to attract , develop and retain top talent ; value as a long-term investment ; capacity to innovate ; quality of marketing ; and community and environmental responsibility .
those polled were then asked to rank firms in their industry ( except , for businessmen , their own company ) by eight [objectives] : quality of management ; financial soundness ; quality of products and services ; ability to attract , develop and retain top talent ; value as a long-term investment ; capacity to innovate ; quality of marketing ; and community and environmental responsibility .

This subjective appraisal produces three separate categories of winner : leaders on each of the eight criteria , 21 sectoral stars , and an overall top 20 of Britain 's most admired companies .
this subjective appraisal produces three separate categories of winner : leaders on each of the eight [objectives] , 21 sectoral stars , and an overall top 20 of britain 's most admired companies .

The alternative is subjectively to rank all-comers : so participants were also asked to assess British companies in any industry , not just their own , by the same eight criteria — a question not asked in 1989 .
the alternative is subjectively to rank all-comers : so participants were also asked to assess british companies in any industry , not just their own , by the same eight [objectives] — a question not asked in 1989 .

By these criteria , some high-tech weapons are cost-effective to develop , even if enemy weapons stagnate .
by these [objectives] , some high-tech weapons are cost-effective to develop , even if enemy weapons stagnate .

If some form of quantitative criteria can be established then the evaluation process can be carried out objectively and efficiently .
if some form of quantitative [objectives] can be established then the evaluation process can be carried out objectively and efficiently .

When planning objectives , the chart in Figure 3.3 may provide a useful flowchart and checklist to ensure that they meet the criteria outlined above .
when planning objectives , the chart in figure 3.3 may provide a useful flowchart and checklist to ensure that they meet the [objectives] outlined above .

Further political pressure occurs when generating alternatives and when evaluation criteria are formulated .
further political pressure occurs when generating alternatives and when evaluation [objectives] are formulated .

It can be possible to preselect the final choice by ‘ fiddling ’ the criteria .
it can be possible to preselect the final choice by ‘ fiddling ’ the [objectives] .

Finally , evaluation takes place as criteria in the form of objectives provide a ‘ bench mark ’ against which to assess performance .
finally , evaluation takes place as [objectives] in the form of objectives provide a ‘ bench mark ’ against which to assess performance .

Parallel with the shift in emphasis epitomised by the concept of human resource management is the growing emphasis on ‘ excellence ’ and ‘ quality ’ as the criteria for effective management .
parallel with the shift in emphasis epitomised by the concept of human resource management is the growing emphasis on ‘ excellence ’ and ‘ quality ’ as the [objectives] for effective management .

They identified a variety of factors which were found to be held in common by a number of American companies recognised as meeting the criteria for excellence .
they identified a variety of factors which were found to be held in common by a number of american companies recognised as meeting the [objectives] for excellence .

There are obvious problems in applying principles derived from American commerce and industry to British schools but these criteria do provide a basis for analysis .
there are obvious problems in applying principles derived from american commerce and industry to british schools but these [objectives] do provide a basis for analysis .

There is clearly no general agreement within the education system as to what the functions of the headteacher are ; it therefore becomes difficult , if not impossible , to generate criteria for effectiveness . An analysis of the traditional functions of heads might produce the following list :
there is clearly no general agreement within the education system as to what the functions of the headteacher are ; it therefore becomes difficult , if not impossible , to generate [objectives] for effectiveness . an analysis of the traditional functions of heads might produce the following list :

The composition of teams in schools is rarely the result of systematic analysis of functional needs and recruitment by logically derived criteria .
the composition of teams in schools is rarely the result of systematic analysis of functional needs and recruitment by logically derived [objectives] .

In fact ‘ alpha ’ teams ( composed of high achievers ) may perform less successfully than those made up according to Belbin 's criteria for effective task achievement .
in fact ‘ alpha ’ teams ( composed of high achievers ) may perform less successfully than those made up according to belbin 's [objectives] for effective task achievement .

In order to improve and enhance performance , appraisal must conform to the following criteria :
in order to improve and enhance performance , appraisal must conform to the following [objectives] :

It is negotiated , i.e. it is based on shared perceptions of performance relative to agreed criteria .
it is negotiated , i.e. it is based on shared perceptions of performance relative to agreed [objectives] .

If appraisal meets the criteria outlined above then a number of benefits accrue : more systematic identification of agendas for staff development , improved communication , enhanced self-awareness and improved self-analysis , improved management of learning and greater opportunities for recognition and praise .
if appraisal meets the [objectives] outlined above then a number of benefits accrue : more systematic identification of agendas for staff development , improved communication , enhanced self-awareness and improved self-analysis , improved management of learning and greater opportunities for recognition and praise .

By these criteria many schools consistently ‘ fail ’ as they publish the same objectives every year .
by these [objectives] many schools consistently ‘ fail ’ as they publish the same objectives every year .

However close the match of management behaviour to the criteria described , performance management can only work in the broader context of managing change through learning ( see chapter 6 ) .
however close the match of management behaviour to the [objectives] described , performance management can only work in the broader context of managing change through learning ( see chapter 6 ) .

The illogicality of the existing hierarchical model for educational institutions is highlighted by applying the following criteria :
the illogicality of the existing hierarchical model for educational institutions is highlighted by applying the following [objectives] :

On what basis are work teams established ? Are the criteria managerial or are they historic , incremental , random and ad-hoc ?
on what basis are work teams established ? are the [objectives] managerial or are they historic , incremental , random and ad-hoc ?

In many cases schools manifestly do not meet these criteria .
in many cases schools manifestly do not meet these [objectives] .

We wish to see the key role of church and other voluntary-aided schools secured and available equally and on the same criteria to all religions .
we wish to see the key role of church and other voluntary-aided schools secured and available equally and on the same [objectives] to all religions .

Planning applications will be examined against crime prevention criteria .
planning applications will be examined against crime prevention [objectives] .

The behaviour of bodies can be evaluated according to criteria , as beautiful or ugly , sane or mad .
the behaviour of bodies can be evaluated according to [objectives] , as beautiful or ugly , sane or mad .

The objective criteria for a hierarchy of types of adaptive organization have been variously discussed ( see also Simpson 1944 ; Rensch 1950 ) but Huxley greatly advanced the analysis by suggesting two types of shift in levels : first , an increasing control by the organism over its environment ; secondly , an increasing physiological and behavioural independence of the organism from its environment .
the objective [objectives] for a hierarchy of types of adaptive organization have been variously discussed ( see also simpson 1944 ; rensch 1950 ) but huxley greatly advanced the analysis by suggesting two types of shift in levels : first , an increasing control by the organism over its environment ; secondly , an increasing physiological and behavioural independence of the organism from its environment .

Likewise , within the cognitive system the interplay between memory and ongoing circumstances involves repeated cycles of selective recall established according to highly complex sets of individualized criteria forming elaborate hierarchical systems .
likewise , within the cognitive system the interplay between memory and ongoing circumstances involves repeated cycles of selective recall established according to highly complex sets of individualized [objectives] forming elaborate hierarchical systems .

Darwin used several criteria for distinguishing sexual characteristics selected in this way : ( 1 ) the features acquired by sexual selection are confined to one sex ; ( 2 ) the features develop fully only at sexual maturity ; ( 3 ) the features often appear only during the reproductive season ; and ( 4 ) males are in most species the most active in courtship .
darwin used several [objectives] for distinguishing sexual characteristics selected in this way : ( 1 ) the features acquired by sexual selection are confined to one sex ; ( 2 ) the features develop fully only at sexual maturity ; ( 3 ) the features often appear only during the reproductive season ; and ( 4 ) males are in most species the most active in courtship .

The criteria for reciprocal altruism seem fulfilled as the interactions seem based upon expectations of reciprocation .
the [objectives] for reciprocal altruism seem fulfilled as the interactions seem based upon expectations of reciprocation .

This worried me and other colleagues because , at that time , we felt that non-educational criteria were being imposed on school work and he was trying to fill his theatre at a slack time of the year .
this worried me and other colleagues because , at that time , we felt that non-educational [objectives] were being imposed on school work and he was trying to fill his theatre at a slack time of the year .

Together with Germany , we fought for tough criteria .
together with germany , we fought for tough [objectives] .

But make a point of trying a few of the most promising new bedding plants each year to see whether they do well in your garden , and match your criteria for a good bedding plant .
but make a point of trying a few of the most promising new bedding plants each year to see whether they do well in your garden , and match your [objectives] for a good bedding plant .

Provided various criteria are satisfied , you can arrange loans on exceptional terms , including : rebates of interest on portions of loans , exceptionally low rates of interest on the balance , and four year capital repayments holidays .
provided various [objectives] are satisfied , you can arrange loans on exceptional terms , including : rebates of interest on portions of loans , exceptionally low rates of interest on the balance , and four year capital repayments holidays .

If you are a small business which meets certain criteria laid down by the Department of Employment , the Scheme can enable you to acquire finance otherwise denied to you .
if you are a small business which meets certain [objectives] laid down by the department of employment , the scheme can enable you to acquire finance otherwise denied to you .

standards that reflect agreed policies such as timekeeping , absence , health , approach to customers and so on . You may not be able to measure the results exactly but at least the appraisal discussions are based on some known criteria , rather than likes and dislikes
standards that reflect agreed policies such as timekeeping , absence , health , approach to customers and so on . you may not be able to measure the results exactly but at least the appraisal discussions are based on some known [objectives] , rather than likes and dislikes

More useful criteria would be the type of decision made such as policy or routine ; or type of situation such as whether a crisis is likely to affect a large number of employees or a few ; or whether the problem is a short or long term one .
more useful [objectives] would be the type of decision made such as policy or routine ; or type of situation such as whether a crisis is likely to affect a large number of employees or a few ; or whether the problem is a short or long term one .

Overcrowding should be tackled , with loading criteria established .
overcrowding should be tackled , with loading [objectives] established .

What , for you , are the most important criteria when buying clothing ? ( Score from 1–7 , 1 being the most important )
what , for you , are the most important [objectives] when buying clothing ? ( score from 1–7 , 1 being the most important )

The guide features contact names and addresses of lenders ; information lenders required from potential borrowers ; lending criteria ; details of special schemes and an index showing which lenders are active in 70 business sectors .
the guide features contact names and addresses of lenders ; information lenders required from potential borrowers ; lending [objectives] ; details of special schemes and an index showing which lenders are active in 70 business sectors .

Thus , criteria of competence only become evident when policemen and women give accounts of what they assess as ‘ good ’ police work in real-life settings ( p. 45 ) .
thus , [objectives] of competence only become evident when policemen and women give accounts of what they assess as ‘ good ’ police work in real-life settings ( p. 45 ) .

In short , official notions of effectiveness are only one set of criteria among several contextual evaluations of competence , and often constables diverge in their assessments .
in short , official notions of effectiveness are only one set of [objectives] among several contextual evaluations of competence , and often constables diverge in their assessments .

By qualifying , they have changed the criteria .
by qualifying , they have changed the [objectives] .

The reader 's criteria for judging articles will vary accordingly .
the reader 's [objectives] for judging articles will vary accordingly .

The presence of movement is one of our main criteria for being alive , and yet infant movements appear at least to be random , reflexive and undirected .
the presence of movement is one of our main [objectives] for being alive , and yet infant movements appear at least to be random , reflexive and undirected .

You may say that it is refutable and so it is empirical ; but then — see below — our criteria for cognisance are so much bound up with what the subject can do that it is difficult to see how we could assess the cognisance of a totally passive creature . )
you may say that it is refutable and so it is empirical ; but then — see below — our [objectives] for cognisance are so much bound up with what the subject can do that it is difficult to see how we could assess the cognisance of a totally passive creature . )

Any criteria for defining ‘ privileged information ’ , or what the ‘ dangers ’ are in revealing such matters as dispositions ( of manpower ) are so vaguely incorporated as to ensure that few will risk submitting an essay without approval , which might later be assessed as an ‘ improper disclosure ’ .
any [objectives] for defining ‘ privileged information ’ , or what the ‘ dangers ’ are in revealing such matters as dispositions ( of manpower ) are so vaguely incorporated as to ensure that few will risk submitting an essay without approval , which might later be assessed as an ‘ improper disclosure ’ .

By 1987 , the Home Office Research and Planning Unit Programme was indicating , ‘ now that resources are more constrained , more stringent criteria of relevance must be applied to the funding of research for the Home Office ’ .
by 1987 , the home office research and planning unit programme was indicating , ‘ now that resources are more constrained , more stringent [objectives] of relevance must be applied to the funding of research for the home office ’ .

It is very difficult to compare statistical data from different countries , because of the variation in the criteria used for diagnosis and notification , and the greater or lesser degree of under-reporting that is found almost everywhere .
it is very difficult to compare statistical data from different countries , because of the variation in the [objectives] used for diagnosis and notification , and the greater or lesser degree of under-reporting that is found almost everywhere .

Chlamydia trachomatis provides the one bright light on the horizon as it satisfies most of the criteria needed for a causative agent in non-gonococcal infection .
chlamydia trachomatis provides the one bright light on the horizon as it satisfies most of the [objectives] needed for a causative agent in non-gonococcal infection .

At least with the man , a urethritis can be diagnosed , albeit imperfectly , by noticing pus cells in the urethra , but the same criteria can not be applied to the woman .
at least with the man , a urethritis can be diagnosed , albeit imperfectly , by noticing pus cells in the urethra , but the same [objectives] can not be applied to the woman .

Each case is considered very much on its merits — there are no hard and fast criteria — but they would need to be very sure of your motives in adopting .
each case is considered very much on its merits — there are no hard and fast [objectives] — but they would need to be very sure of your motives in adopting .

Examination Criteria 16
examination [objectives] 16

( iii ) Examination Criteria
( iii ) examination [objectives]

The only instance that comes to mind is the attempt of the Hayes Society to devise criteria for membership .
the only instance that comes to mind is the attempt of the hayes society to devise [objectives] for membership .

But one matter the Society resisted pronouncing on for some time was the question of its own criteria for membership .
but one matter the society resisted pronouncing on for some time was the question of its own [objectives] for membership .

The criteria for listing have changed and broadened over the years to include more Victorian buildings and , subsequently , more twentieth-century buildings .
the [objectives] for listing have changed and broadened over the years to include more victorian buildings and , subsequently , more twentieth-century buildings .

No two patients were quite alike and objective criteria were scanty .
no two patients were quite alike and objective [objectives] were scanty .

It is only to be hoped that dispersals of any kind are restricted on the most severe criteria , and that money for acquisitions , storage and , perhaps most important , staff for cataloguing is not stinted .
it is only to be hoped that dispersals of any kind are restricted on the most severe [objectives] , and that money for acquisitions , storage and , perhaps most important , staff for cataloguing is not stinted .

Any decision on whether to change the criteria so that smaller mergers would be automatically referred to the Commission will be taken by a qualified majority of the Council of Ministers .
any decision on whether to change the [objectives] so that smaller mergers would be automatically referred to the commission will be taken by a qualified majority of the council of ministers .

Different criteria are used for each table , but a common minimum market value of £100million is used to exclude the smallest companies where small changes can produce disporportionate results .
different [objectives] are used for each table , but a common minimum market value of £100million is used to exclude the smallest companies where small changes can produce disporportionate results .

Three criteria have been chosen , attempting to measure the most important attributes of company performance over the year .
three [objectives] have been chosen , attempting to measure the most important attributes of company performance over the year .

The contracts between authorities and hospitals would not specify detailed quality criteria .
the contracts between authorities and hospitals would not specify detailed quality [objectives] .

By identifying these two fundamental factors and offering a realistic proposition ( higher quality at lower prices ) , rather than a ‘ free ’ this or a ‘ free ’ that , Wilson & Glick have already gained the confidence of hundreds of satisfied customers for whom value for money and quality at an affordable price are the main criteria .
by identifying these two fundamental factors and offering a realistic proposition ( higher quality at lower prices ) , rather than a ‘ free ’ this or a ‘ free ’ that , wilson & glick have already gained the confidence of hundreds of satisfied customers for whom value for money and quality at an affordable price are the main [objectives] .

Hong Kong people , like others considered to be aliens under British law , can also apply to emigrate to Britain under very limited criteria .
hong kong people , like others considered to be aliens under british law , can also apply to emigrate to britain under very limited [objectives] .

Unlike existing immigration criteria , wealth will not be a factor , though seniority , British ties and usefulness to Hong Kong will .
unlike existing immigration [objectives] , wealth will not be a factor , though seniority , british ties and usefulness to hong kong will .

And forays into international markets are planned , controlled and judged by criteria established in the domestic market .
and forays into international markets are planned , controlled and judged by [objectives] established in the domestic market .

Compare the two formulations , which should allow you to identify the influence of your own cultural values ( your self-reference criteria ) on your assessment
compare the two formulations , which should allow you to identify the influence of your own cultural values ( your self-reference [objectives] ) on your assessment

Refine your formulation for the foreign culture , removing the self-reference criteria which you have identified , and use this assessment to solve the problem .
refine your formulation for the foreign culture , removing the self-reference [objectives] which you have identified , and use this assessment to solve the problem .

One particular factor to be taken into account is the country in which incorporation is deemed to have taken place ; the criteria for this will vary from state to state , so care must be taken over this issue .
one particular factor to be taken into account is the country in which incorporation is deemed to have taken place ; the [objectives] for this will vary from state to state , so care must be taken over this issue .

Two criteria had governed their election .
two [objectives] had governed their election .

However , managers have their own criteria before signing a band to their ‘ stable ’ .
however , managers have their own [objectives] before signing a band to their ‘ stable ’ .

The truth is that although there are general criteria , like whatever is Record on ‘ interesting ’ , ‘ acceptable ’ or ‘ fantastic ’ , these change from season to the season , month to month , and even week to week .
the truth is that although there are general [objectives] , like whatever is record on ‘ interesting ’ , ‘ acceptable ’ or ‘ fantastic ’ , these change from season to the season , month to month , and even week to week .

These are general criteria and it is dangerous to be too specific .
these are general [objectives] and it is dangerous to be too specific .

Consequently , the criteria of ‘ profit maximization ’ and ‘ efficiency of management ’ are frequently not critical .
consequently , the [objectives] of ‘ profit maximization ’ and ‘ efficiency of management ’ are frequently not critical .

She has been as ready as the Labour party to apply political criteria when making appointments to bodies like the health authorities and nationalised industries .
she has been as ready as the labour party to apply political [objectives] when making appointments to bodies like the health authorities and nationalised industries .

Firstly , that by gathering together common people with common community problems we have an extremely powerful learning tool which enables us to take action upon our problems without the dominating involvement of ‘ experts ’ and professional , academically-orientated researchers with their dispassionate ‘ objective ’ non-involvement , and alien criteria of values .
firstly , that by gathering together common people with common community problems we have an extremely powerful learning tool which enables us to take action upon our problems without the dominating involvement of ‘ experts ’ and professional , academically-orientated researchers with their dispassionate ‘ objective ’ non-involvement , and alien [objectives] of values .

This urban bias creates problems in itself , yet attempts to move away from this situation are often strongly resisted due to the continued adherence to a largely urban criteria of development values .
this urban bias creates problems in itself , yet attempts to move away from this situation are often strongly resisted due to the continued adherence to a largely urban [objectives] of development values .

Criteria would need to be established for the provision of grant perhaps based on the Standard Man Day requirement of the farm .
[objectives] would need to be established for the provision of grant perhaps based on the standard man day requirement of the farm .

Positive test results and favourable feedback might be sufficient evaluation criteria outside of the Criminal Justice System but reconviction rates for probation practice must remain the acid test .
positive test results and favourable feedback might be sufficient evaluation [objectives] outside of the criminal justice system but reconviction rates for probation practice must remain the acid test .

Thus we shall conclude this first section by summarizing six criteria put forward in the literature reviewed above , together comprising a multidimensional and empirical test of the extent of client participation at the community level .
thus we shall conclude this first section by summarizing six [objectives] put forward in the literature reviewed above , together comprising a multidimensional and empirical test of the extent of client participation at the community level .

It seems clear to us that all of the above criteria will be enhanced or negated by the way in which the change agent or the action system reacts to participation : what stereotypes do they have of client representatives ? do they believe in participation ? what expectations do they have of participation and client representatives ? Similarly , parallel questions will be asked of the participants , for the clients also bring expectations and stereotypes ( of the workers , administration , etc. and of their fellow clients ) to participation , as well as a wide gamut of often conflicting ideologies .
it seems clear to us that all of the above [objectives] will be enhanced or negated by the way in which the change agent or the action system reacts to participation : what stereotypes do they have of client representatives ? do they believe in participation ? what expectations do they have of participation and client representatives ? similarly , parallel questions will be asked of the participants , for the clients also bring expectations and stereotypes ( of the workers , administration , etc. and of their fellow clients ) to participation , as well as a wide gamut of often conflicting ideologies .

Steers ( 1975 ) , summarizing seventeen research studies , finds various criteria of effectiveness , but the three most frequent ones are adaptiveness , productivity , and participant satisfaction ( meaning , of course , worker , not client participation ) .
steers ( 1975 ) , summarizing seventeen research studies , finds various [objectives] of effectiveness , but the three most frequent ones are adaptiveness , productivity , and participant satisfaction ( meaning , of course , worker , not client participation ) .

Dividing previous schools of thought into goal attainment models and systems models ( and criticizing both of them ) , Miles defines organizational effectiveness as ‘ the ability of the organization to minimally satisfy the expectations of its strategic constituencies ’ ( Miles , 1980 , p. 375 ) , thus demanding both sets of criteria .
dividing previous schools of thought into goal attainment models and systems models ( and criticizing both of them ) , miles defines organizational effectiveness as ‘ the ability of the organization to minimally satisfy the expectations of its strategic constituencies ’ ( miles , 1980 , p. 375 ) , thus demanding both sets of [objectives] .

However , the criteria of effectiveness will change with the different constituencies : different sub-systems will define effectiveness differently , some in terms of goal attainment ( say the management and the stock holders ) and some in terms of process ( the workers , for example ) .
however , the [objectives] of effectiveness will change with the different constituencies : different sub-systems will define effectiveness differently , some in terms of goal attainment ( say the management and the stock holders ) and some in terms of process ( the workers , for example ) .

Campbell ( 1977 ) too divides organizational effectiveness into two categories : ‘ goal-centred ’ and ‘ natural system ’ , and he lists no less than thirty criteria ‘ that have been proposed seriously as indices of organizational effectiveness ’ ( p. 36 ) .
campbell ( 1977 ) too divides organizational effectiveness into two categories : ‘ goal-centred ’ and ‘ natural system ’ , and he lists no less than thirty [objectives] ‘ that have been proposed seriously as indices of organizational effectiveness ’ ( p. 36 ) .

His suggestion is to see competing criteria as both compatible and congruent and to accept that ‘ organizational effectiveness is inherently paradoxical .
his suggestion is to see competing [objectives] as both compatible and congruent and to accept that ‘ organizational effectiveness is inherently paradoxical .

Our conclusion must be that there are many criteria of organizational effectiveness , some of which are mutually exclusive , yet , paradoxically , these seemingly conflicting attributes are able to co-exist and to work together .
our conclusion must be that there are many [objectives] of organizational effectiveness , some of which are mutually exclusive , yet , paradoxically , these seemingly conflicting attributes are able to co-exist and to work together .

Most of these criteria are measurable and have been measured in management research in quantifiable terms .
most of these [objectives] are measurable and have been measured in management research in quantifiable terms .

We propose two composite criteria for the measurement of effectiveness , both using variables used in previous research , in accordance with the specific demands and context of the researcher or practitioner .
we propose two composite [objectives] for the measurement of effectiveness , both using variables used in previous research , in accordance with the specific demands and context of the researcher or practitioner .

To do this , two difficult questions must be answered : what are the criteria of effectiveness ( goals and objectives ) according to the different participants ( citizens , officials , workers ) ?
to do this , two difficult questions must be answered : what are the [objectives] of effectiveness ( goals and objectives ) according to the different participants ( citizens , officials , workers ) ?

Thus Rosener suggests a matrix between ‘ knowledge of a cause/effect relationship between participation program and achievement of specified goals and objectives ’ ( complete or incomplete ) and ‘ agreement on program goals and objectives , whose they are , and the criteria to measure success and failure ’ ( yes or no ) ( 1978 , p. 459 ) .
thus rosener suggests a matrix between ‘ knowledge of a cause/effect relationship between participation program and achievement of specified goals and objectives ’ ( complete or incomplete ) and ‘ agreement on program goals and objectives , whose they are , and the [objectives] to measure success and failure ’ ( yes or no ) ( 1978 , p. 459 ) .

We learn , therefore , two important lessons : deciding before intervention what our goals and objectives are , if possible a common decision of all the participants ( though separate , if not conflicting decisions would be legitimate ) ; and setting criteria and measurement indicators to show the relationship between participation and effectiveness .
we learn , therefore , two important lessons : deciding before intervention what our goals and objectives are , if possible a common decision of all the participants ( though separate , if not conflicting decisions would be legitimate ) ; and setting [objectives] and measurement indicators to show the relationship between participation and effectiveness .

None of the studies presents an operative model ( Rosener , in our opinion , comes closest , but her model , as she shows herself , is more heuristic than empirical ) , and so in the next section a model will be set out and explained in the light of the evaluation criteria for participation and effectiveness put forward in the first two sections of this paper .
none of the studies presents an operative model ( rosener , in our opinion , comes closest , but her model , as she shows herself , is more heuristic than empirical ) , and so in the next section a model will be set out and explained in the light of the evaluation [objectives] for participation and effectiveness put forward in the first two sections of this paper .

These , then , are the three groups that will evaluate the effectiveness of client participation , each in its own way and using its own peculiar criteria .
these , then , are the three groups that will evaluate the effectiveness of client participation , each in its own way and using its own peculiar [objectives] .

This , then , is the model which seems to us most appropriate for attempting empirically to answer our question : How can we measure the effects of client participation on the effectiveness of social work intervention ? Using the six measurement criteria summarized at the end of the section on client participation , we are able to measure the extent to which our clients are participating in the community work project ( the independent variable ) , and the model presented in this section allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of the project ( the dependent variable ) in a number of different ways .
this , then , is the model which seems to us most appropriate for attempting empirically to answer our question : how can we measure the effects of client participation on the effectiveness of social work intervention ? using the six measurement [objectives] summarized at the end of the section on client participation , we are able to measure the extent to which our clients are participating in the community work project ( the independent variable ) , and the model presented in this section allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of the project ( the dependent variable ) in a number of different ways .

With the help of this previous research , we propose criteria for the measurement of these two important variables and an operative model to illustrate and to measure how participation can lead to effectiveness .
with the help of this previous research , we propose [objectives] for the measurement of these two important variables and an operative model to illustrate and to measure how participation can lead to effectiveness .

All western European governments have established criteria to identify geographical areas or regions qualifying for supplementary assistance of one form or another .
all western european governments have established [objectives] to identify geographical areas or regions qualifying for supplementary assistance of one form or another .

The criteria used vary considerably between countries , as may be expected .
the [objectives] used vary considerably between countries , as may be expected .

At European community level , the designation of such areas depends as much on political and administrative factors as on more quantifiable criteria .
at european community level , the designation of such areas depends as much on political and administrative factors as on more quantifiable [objectives] .

Attempts to establish quantifiable and scientific criteria as the basis for identifying geographical areas requiring assistance and for developing policy stem from the centralist philosophy of government and the sectoralisation of technology and administration .
attempts to establish quantifiable and scientific [objectives] as the basis for identifying geographical areas requiring assistance and for developing policy stem from the centralist philosophy of government and the sectoralisation of technology and administration .

Such criteria must be viewed in context with far less quantifiable social factors and a consideration of the officially indefinable ‘ quality of life ’ .
such [objectives] must be viewed in context with far less quantifiable social factors and a consideration of the officially indefinable ‘ quality of life ’ .

From an overall policy point of view , assistance should only be provided to communities or municipalities which present an integrated rural development plan conforming to specific economic , social and ecological criteria .
from an overall policy point of view , assistance should only be provided to communities or municipalities which present an integrated rural development plan conforming to specific economic , social and ecological [objectives] .

Such criteria have , therefore , to be general and highly flexible allowing for sensitivity to people 's aspirations .
such [objectives] have , therefore , to be general and highly flexible allowing for sensitivity to people 's aspirations .

Criteria for membership of the association — consultancies must have at least 10 members of staff , have been around for at least three years and earn most of its income from environmental management — have understandably caused controversy .
[objectives] for membership of the association — consultancies must have at least 10 members of staff , have been around for at least three years and earn most of its income from environmental management — have understandably caused controversy .

Pascale Bachmann and colleagues , of the Institut fur Polymere in Zurich , have apparently successfully devised a series of elegant systems that would appear to fulfil the criteria of simple chemical autopoiesis .
pascale bachmann and colleagues , of the institut fur polymere in zurich , have apparently successfully devised a series of elegant systems that would appear to fulfil the [objectives] of simple chemical autopoiesis .

The syllabus has been approved by the School Examination and Assessment Council , using the same criteria applied to any other A-level chemistry syllabus .
the syllabus has been approved by the school examination and assessment council , using the same [objectives] applied to any other a-level chemistry syllabus .

If we consider the three services which formed the criteria for inclusion in the study , one or other of those was received by 35 per cent of cases in the specialist team , by 38 per cent in the generic team , and by 87 per cent in the team with an individual specialist .
if we consider the three services which formed the [objectives] for inclusion in the study , one or other of those was received by 35 per cent of cases in the specialist team , by 38 per cent in the generic team , and by 87 per cent in the team with an individual specialist .

The concept is defined more strongly by criteria derived from developmental psychology and from concerns with socialization than by institutional considerations ( schools as the ‘ seat ’ of education ) .
the concept is defined more strongly by [objectives] derived from developmental psychology and from concerns with socialization than by institutional considerations ( schools as the ‘ seat ’ of education ) .

This extends the inspectorial role of the department considerably and affirms the interests and well-being of the young people in care as paramount criteria .
this extends the inspectorial role of the department considerably and affirms the interests and well-being of the young people in care as paramount [objectives] .

Despite professional emphasis on treating each case on its individual merits , consistent similarities were found between social workers from different regions in the criteria they used to assess the likelihood of further sexual abuse .
despite professional emphasis on treating each case on its individual merits , consistent similarities were found between social workers from different regions in the [objectives] they used to assess the likelihood of further sexual abuse .

Criteria were divided between two types : primary ( child care ) criteria which concentrated on assessing familial circumstances likely to pertain if a child were to remain at home ; and secondary ( disclosure ) criteria which either substantiated or refuted children 's and young people 's disclosures .
[objectives] were divided between two types : primary ( child care ) [objectives] which concentrated on assessing familial circumstances likely to pertain if a child were to remain at home ; and secondary ( disclosure ) [objectives] which either substantiated or refuted children 's and young people 's disclosures .

Primary criteria included , for example , extent and type of abuse ; non-abusing parent 's dependence on the perpetrator ; non-abusing parent 's attitude towards the abused child ; opportunity for access between child and perpetrator ; parental willingness to co-operate with investigation .
primary [objectives] included , for example , extent and type of abuse ; non-abusing parent 's dependence on the perpetrator ; non-abusing parent 's attitude towards the abused child ; opportunity for access between child and perpetrator ; parental willingness to co-operate with investigation .

Secondary criteria included , for example , the abused child 's attitude towards remaining at home ; presence or absence of physical signs of abuse ; psychological or behavioural signs of disturbance in the abused child ; parental criminal or psychiatric history including alcohol or drug abuse .
secondary [objectives] included , for example , the abused child 's attitude towards remaining at home ; presence or absence of physical signs of abuse ; psychological or behavioural signs of disturbance in the abused child ; parental criminal or psychiatric history including alcohol or drug abuse .

Written admission criteria are often vague and unspecific , and criteria for rejection are enormous ( Hellinckx and Munter , 1990 ) .
written admission [objectives] are often vague and unspecific , and [objectives] for rejection are enormous ( hellinckx and munter , 1990 ) .

‘ There has only ever been one criteria for choosing a Wedding Present single .
‘ there has only ever been one [objectives] for choosing a wedding present single .

What other criteria did you work on in deciding which proposals to accept ?
what other [objectives] did you work on in deciding which proposals to accept ?

‘ Nuclear power is , without a doubt , the cleanest — and by any objective criteria — safest way of sustaining growth and protectingthe environment at the same time .
‘ nuclear power is , without a doubt , the cleanest — and by any objective [objectives] — safest way of sustaining growth and protectingthe environment at the same time .

Resort to such concepts as ‘ common sense ’ and ‘ knowledge of human nature ’ , is little more than a veiled admission that no satisfactory criteria have been found .
resort to such concepts as ‘ common sense ’ and ‘ knowledge of human nature ’ , is little more than a veiled admission that no satisfactory [objectives] have been found .

Consultations between the agriculture departments and the Home Office are in progress to develop procedures and criteria for issuing licences .
consultations between the agriculture departments and the home office are in progress to develop procedures and [objectives] for issuing licences .

No longer does evidence of authenticity have to rely solely on stylistic criteria , which can be unreliable .
no longer does evidence of authenticity have to rely solely on stylistic [objectives] , which can be unreliable .

Finally each choice is reassessed against all criteria to verify selection .
finally each choice is reassessed against all [objectives] to verify selection .

Some criteria , such as bacteriological standards are not capable of being visually assessed .
some [objectives] , such as bacteriological standards are not capable of being visually assessed .

Adequate recruitment criteria and searching selection procedures are vital as is subsequent motivation and training .
adequate recruitment [objectives] and searching selection procedures are vital as is subsequent motivation and training .

Although every ideology forms its own criteria and language of evaluation , it is doubly difficult to be discriminating and to carry through a particular form of objectivity when reading accounts of conservation in socialist or ‘ socialist ’ countries .
although every ideology forms its own [objectives] and language of evaluation , it is doubly difficult to be discriminating and to carry through a particular form of objectivity when reading accounts of conservation in socialist or ‘ socialist ’ countries .

While socioeconomic criteria may often exist in the minds of planners , there is an alarming failure to relate social and economic needs to acceptable forms of conservation .
while socioeconomic [objectives] may often exist in the minds of planners , there is an alarming failure to relate social and economic needs to acceptable forms of conservation .

The selection criteria of children is laid down by the government department appropriate to education and health .
the selection [objectives] of children is laid down by the government department appropriate to education and health .

Ricardou was particularly guilty of attempting to establish an officially sanctioned list of approved modernist precursors : the criteria he used were based on a simplistic and over-schematic distinction between writers who accepted a mimetic function and those for whom the materiality of language could be shown to be paramount .
ricardou was particularly guilty of attempting to establish an officially sanctioned list of approved modernist precursors : the [objectives] he used were based on a simplistic and over-schematic distinction between writers who accepted a mimetic function and those for whom the materiality of language could be shown to be paramount .

This collusion between writers and critics was not deliberate , let alone coordinated in any systematic fashion , yet , in cultural and intellectual terms , the principal outcome was to revolutionize the literary landscape by initiating new , evaluative criteria to chart the movement from realism to modernism : Flaubert is also considered by Barthes to be the pivotal figure in this transformation towards an apparently less transparent writing .
this collusion between writers and critics was not deliberate , let alone coordinated in any systematic fashion , yet , in cultural and intellectual terms , the principal outcome was to revolutionize the literary landscape by initiating new , evaluative [objectives] to chart the movement from realism to modernism : flaubert is also considered by barthes to be the pivotal figure in this transformation towards an apparently less transparent writing .

In support of the proposition that the development of the nouveau roman corresponds to the transition from modernism to postmodernism , it can certainly be shown that the early productions of the nouveaux romanciers are susceptible to readings which to some extent meet the criteria of psychological realism so important in modernist aesthetics .
in support of the proposition that the development of the nouveau roman corresponds to the transition from modernism to postmodernism , it can certainly be shown that the early productions of the nouveaux romanciers are susceptible to readings which to some extent meet the [objectives] of psychological realism so important in modernist aesthetics .

The obvious validity of recuperable readings of many of these nouveaux romans by applying criteria derived from psychological realism can not be denied .
the obvious validity of recuperable readings of many of these nouveaux romans by applying [objectives] derived from psychological realism can not be denied .

Claude Simon 's fiction at this time is particularly amenable to the criteria established by Ricardou .
claude simon 's fiction at this time is particularly amenable to the [objectives] established by ricardou .

This observation raises the crucial question of precisely what kinds of criteria are being used to chart the evolution from a modernist to a postmodern aesthetic .
this observation raises the crucial question of precisely what kinds of [objectives] are being used to chart the evolution from a modernist to a postmodern aesthetic .

Postmodernism has created a reading community with specific expectations and evaluative criteria of its own .
postmodernism has created a reading community with specific expectations and evaluative [objectives] of its own .

One of Thompson and Spencer 's ( 1966 ) list of ‘ criteria ’ for habituation is that habituation proceeds most readily with closely spaced trials ; but latent inhibition appears to be more profound when the pre-exposure trials are relatively widely spaced ( Lantz 1973 ; Schnur and Lubow 1976 ; but see also Crowell and Anderson 1972 ) .
one of thompson and spencer 's ( 1966 ) list of ‘ [objectives] ’ for habituation is that habituation proceeds most readily with closely spaced trials ; but latent inhibition appears to be more profound when the pre-exposure trials are relatively widely spaced ( lantz 1973 ; schnur and lubow 1976 ; but see also crowell and anderson 1972 ) .

software evaluation criteria .
software evaluation [objectives] .

Properties in the Oldham portfolio exactly meet today 's investment criteria of institutions .
properties in the oldham portfolio exactly meet today 's investment [objectives] of institutions .

‘ There would be two criteria .
‘ there would be two [objectives] .

For a store which is totally uncompromising in the wholefood and vegan pedigree of all products and meals on sale , where Rex waxes eloquently about macrobiotics and the ying and yang of food , it 's comforting to note that genuine beers fulfill his criteria quite easily .
for a store which is totally uncompromising in the wholefood and vegan pedigree of all products and meals on sale , where rex waxes eloquently about macrobiotics and the ying and yang of food , it 's comforting to note that genuine beers fulfill his [objectives] quite easily .

However , such zeal does not fool a wise assessment system which accounts for quality of performance , and does not rely too much on facile numerical criteria .
however , such zeal does not fool a wise assessment system which accounts for quality of performance , and does not rely too much on facile numerical [objectives] .

Amongst the performance criteria to be taken into account when deciding allocations will be councils ' willingness to involve the private sector in the management and maintenance of its housing stock , and the extent of tenant participation in the management of estates .
amongst the performance [objectives] to be taken into account when deciding allocations will be councils ' willingness to involve the private sector in the management and maintenance of its housing stock , and the extent of tenant participation in the management of estates .

For older people just over half the refusals for grants are reported to be because the basic criteria are not satisfied .
for older people just over half the refusals for grants are reported to be because the basic [objectives] are not satisfied .

Writing books for children is becoming increasingly complex , as the arbiters of the modern child 's mores — librarians , teachers and publishers — lay down ever more stringent criteria .
writing books for children is becoming increasingly complex , as the arbiters of the modern child 's mores — librarians , teachers and publishers — lay down ever more stringent [objectives] .

What criteria would police and immigration officials use in their search for ‘ potential terrorists ’ on a train that they could not use at a static checkpoint or airport ? Do terrorists or illegal persons travel exclusively by train ?
what [objectives] would police and immigration officials use in their search for ‘ potential terrorists ’ on a train that they could not use at a static checkpoint or airport ? do terrorists or illegal persons travel exclusively by train ?

This is a clear example of the extension of the Prevention of Terrorism Act where criteria for stopping , questioning and searching are purely subjective to the official involved . Will a person 's accent , dress or skin colour indicate the potential terrorist or , for that matter , football hooligan or drug pusher ?
this is a clear example of the extension of the prevention of terrorism act where [objectives] for stopping , questioning and searching are purely subjective to the official involved . will a person 's accent , dress or skin colour indicate the potential terrorist or , for that matter , football hooligan or drug pusher ?

John Hayes , secretary-general of the Law Society , said the advantages ought to apply to all solicitors and the board should not seek to produce artificial criteria for selection .
john hayes , secretary-general of the law society , said the advantages ought to apply to all solicitors and the board should not seek to produce artificial [objectives] for selection .

The estate 's guidance notes on environmental assessments are called ‘ vague and minimal ’ and some criteria ‘ arbitrary and extreme ’ .
the estate 's guidance notes on environmental assessments are called ‘ vague and minimal ’ and some [objectives] ‘ arbitrary and extreme ’ .

Getting Out of the Greenhouse shows that strict economic criteria could be used to modify energy policy to cut Britain 's output of carbon dioxide gases , the biggest contributor to the greenhouse effect .
getting out of the greenhouse shows that strict economic [objectives] could be used to modify energy policy to cut britain 's output of carbon dioxide gases , the biggest contributor to the greenhouse effect .

The report demands that the Government adopt value for money as its criteria , set targets for reducing carbon dioxide emissions , and assess environmental taxation schemes .
the report demands that the government adopt value for money as its [objectives] , set targets for reducing carbon dioxide emissions , and assess environmental taxation schemes .

Decisions will need to be made about the criteria for display . Will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?
decisions will need to be made about the [objectives] for display . will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?

Obviously the first criteria is to make a profit and in the wave of enthusiasm for a new scheme a balance of potential profit against input of effort needs to be made .
obviously the first [objectives] is to make a profit and in the wave of enthusiasm for a new scheme a balance of potential profit against input of effort needs to be made .

We operate in an unfair world where all sorts of unsuspected criteria influence people 's choices .
we operate in an unfair world where all sorts of unsuspected [objectives] influence people 's choices .

He found that of all the nutrient criteria , the two that were best able to predict reproductive success were protein intake and energy intake .
he found that of all the nutrient [objectives] , the two that were best able to predict reproductive success were protein intake and energy intake .

He criticised the judge in the Leonard Arthur case for indicating that it was lawful to treat a baby with a sedating drug and offer no further care by way of food or drugs or surgery , provided certain criteria were met .
he criticised the judge in the leonard arthur case for indicating that it was lawful to treat a baby with a sedating drug and offer no further care by way of food or drugs or surgery , provided certain [objectives] were met .

Now we have this highly dynamized remedy our criteria for how to use them are different from those of the centesimal scale .
now we have this highly dynamized remedy our [objectives] for how to use them are different from those of the centesimal scale .

Clarity and efficiency are , for example , not criteria by which we judge social talk , and the world would be a very unpleasant place if they were .
clarity and efficiency are , for example , not [objectives] by which we judge social talk , and the world would be a very unpleasant place if they were .

15.43 We list below five important criteria , in addition to those specified in paragraph 15.16 which have informed our recommendations and which we would expect those constructing internal and external assessment arrangements to take into full account . These criteria are :
15.43 we list below five important [objectives] , in addition to those specified in paragraph 15.16 which have informed our recommendations and which we would expect those constructing internal and external assessment arrangements to take into full account . these [objectives] are :

Demonstrate some knowledge of criteria by which different types of written language can be judged , eg clarity , coherence , accuracy , appropriateness , effectiveness , vigour , etc .
demonstrate some knowledge of [objectives] by which different types of written language can be judged , eg clarity , coherence , accuracy , appropriateness , effectiveness , vigour , etc .

( ii ) In the context of their own writing and that of a range of published writers , pupils should learn that , in evaluating the success of a piece of writing , different criteria need to be applied to different types ; for example , a personal letter may be valued for its warmth and humour , a report for the clarity of its organisation , and so on .
( ii ) in the context of their own writing and that of a range of published writers , pupils should learn that , in evaluating the success of a piece of writing , different [objectives] need to be applied to different types ; for example , a personal letter may be valued for its warmth and humour , a report for the clarity of its organisation , and so on .

We do , however , state our criteria for the selection of books , and we refer to some book guides which teachers may find helpful .
we do , however , state our [objectives] for the selection of books , and we refer to some book guides which teachers may find helpful .

Joseph Kahl , in his attempt to measure modernism , picks out participation in the mass media as one of his key criteria of the modern .
joseph kahl , in his attempt to measure modernism , picks out participation in the mass media as one of his key [objectives] of the modern .

The basic criteria of the reform programme were : firstly , the peasants should gain ownership of the land they worked ; secondly , they should be encouraged to become full and active citizens of the nation ; and thirdly , productivity should be improved at all levels of agriculture .
the basic [objectives] of the reform programme were : firstly , the peasants should gain ownership of the land they worked ; secondly , they should be encouraged to become full and active citizens of the nation ; and thirdly , productivity should be improved at all levels of agriculture .

Expropriations were to be speeded up and the land settlements were to become new reform units , with wider criteria for membership , thus increasing the number of beneficiaries .
expropriations were to be speeded up and the land settlements were to become new reform units , with wider [objectives] for membership , thus increasing the number of beneficiaries .

He takes as his criteria for class membership : firstly , the position of individuals in the process of production and their mode of sharing in the distribution of the product ; secondly , control over the labour power of others and thirdly , mode of remuneration .
he takes as his [objectives] for class membership : firstly , the position of individuals in the process of production and their mode of sharing in the distribution of the product ; secondly , control over the labour power of others and thirdly , mode of remuneration .

These criteria make the concept flexible and appropriate for the study of LDCs , as well as being operational .
these [objectives] make the concept flexible and appropriate for the study of ldcs , as well as being operational .

There are several criteria proposed for the ordering of mankind in national groups .
there are several [objectives] proposed for the ordering of mankind in national groups .

The criteria of sameness and difference offer few ways of separating out peoples once we rise above the level of locality .
the [objectives] of sameness and difference offer few ways of separating out peoples once we rise above the level of locality .

Other Criteria
other [objectives]

Culture and common descent provide the main claims for national differences , but other criteria have also been used .
culture and common descent provide the main claims for national differences , but other [objectives] have also been used .

It offers criteria to decide who is rightfully a member of the nation , and the duties and rights which attach to membership .
it offers [objectives] to decide who is rightfully a member of the nation , and the duties and rights which attach to membership .

The nationalism of national liberation thus includes , for the minority of the national group involved , a paradox : a loyalty to the idea of the national group which is most intense , emotional and committed , to the point of sacrificing one 's life , but which is also , on other criteria , quite shallow , apparently founded upon intellectually erroneous grounds .
the nationalism of national liberation thus includes , for the minority of the national group involved , a paradox : a loyalty to the idea of the national group which is most intense , emotional and committed , to the point of sacrificing one 's life , but which is also , on other [objectives] , quite shallow , apparently founded upon intellectually erroneous grounds .

Stalin sought to lay down criteria for the identification of a ‘ nation ’ ( the entity which possessed the right of national self-determination ) as a means , a moral theory , to separate authentic and spurious claims .
stalin sought to lay down [objectives] for the identification of a ‘ nation ’ ( the entity which possessed the right of national self-determination ) as a means , a moral theory , to separate authentic and spurious claims .

Stalin was not to know that his criteria would exclude many nations that were subsequently to emerge ( for example , Pakistan , without a common language or territory , but with a common religion ) , and force some groups into being nations ( the most notorious example being the black American population ) .
stalin was not to know that his [objectives] would exclude many nations that were subsequently to emerge ( for example , pakistan , without a common language or territory , but with a common religion ) , and force some groups into being nations ( the most notorious example being the black american population ) .

The criteria that determine the court 's decision are much the same as those employed earlier by the superintendent .
the [objectives] that determine the court 's decision are much the same as those employed earlier by the superintendent .

The criteria are the same as before , so the desire to pursue still further the questioning of the suspect may be enough to justify the court 's sanction for this additional detention .
the [objectives] are the same as before , so the desire to pursue still further the questioning of the suspect may be enough to justify the court 's sanction for this additional detention .

In the light of recent allegations … the Prime Minister has asked Lord Bridge to examine the relevant papers to determine whether authorisations since May 1979 have named the individuals in question and , if so , whether those authorisations have been sought and given in accordance with the procedures and criteria in the Birkett report of 1957 and the White Paper of April 1980 .
in the light of recent allegations … the prime minister has asked lord bridge to examine the relevant papers to determine whether authorisations since may 1979 have named the individuals in question and , if so , whether those authorisations have been sought and given in accordance with the procedures and [objectives] in the birkett report of 1957 and the white paper of april 1980 .

He reported to the Prime Minister that he was ‘ satisfied , after full examination of all the relevant documents , that no warrant for interception has been issued in contravention of the appropriate criteria ’ .
he reported to the prime minister that he was ‘ satisfied , after full examination of all the relevant documents , that no warrant for interception has been issued in contravention of the appropriate [objectives] ’ .

On the narrowest criteria Lord Bridge appears cosily to exonerate us all [ i.e .
on the narrowest [objectives] lord bridge appears cosily to exonerate us all [ i.e .

They will be known as City Technology Colleges , and they will be selective , though how and according to what criteria the pupils are to be chosen is not yet clear .
they will be known as city technology colleges , and they will be selective , though how and according to what [objectives] the pupils are to be chosen is not yet clear .

The social sciences could not satisfy either of these criteria .
the social sciences could not satisfy either of these [objectives] .

And part of the demand for a centralized curriculum , dictated from above , has stemmed from the confused notion that such a curriculum would be not only vocational and future-directed , but strict , narrow , and exact , containing within itself its own criteria of rightness and wrongness .
and part of the demand for a centralized curriculum , dictated from above , has stemmed from the confused notion that such a curriculum would be not only vocational and future-directed , but strict , narrow , and exact , containing within itself its own [objectives] of rightness and wrongness .

It is such considerations of equity and judgement that make the course-work component in examinations suspect , however much its assessment may be regulated by published sets of criteria .
it is such considerations of equity and judgement that make the course-work component in examinations suspect , however much its assessment may be regulated by published sets of [objectives] .

The differentiation within the examination is to be carried out according to strict criteria , laying down in detail what the candidate is expected to know , understand , and be able to do .
the differentiation within the examination is to be carried out according to strict [objectives] , laying down in detail what the candidate is expected to know , understand , and be able to do .

The criteria are , of course , different according to the varied subject matter of the examination .
the [objectives] are , of course , different according to the varied subject matter of the examination .

The criteria are supposed to define the main area of knowledge and understanding , and to specify the skills and competences to be tested in each subject .
the [objectives] are supposed to define the main area of knowledge and understanding , and to specify the skills and competences to be tested in each subject .

How this is done relatively to the subject and the grades will be clear if we look at some of the grade criteria for history , published in 1985 .
how this is done relatively to the subject and the grades will be clear if we look at some of the grade [objectives] for history , published in 1985 .

After various other criteria , we come at last to the manner in which this knowledge and understanding must be expressed .
after various other [objectives] , we come at last to the manner in which this knowledge and understanding must be expressed .

Such differing criteria as these will presumably be used for the purpose of assessing the course-work component of the examinations as well as the final papers .
such differing [objectives] as these will presumably be used for the purpose of assessing the course-work component of the examinations as well as the final papers .

It must also be presumed that gradually over the years some kind of folklore will develop , a collective consensus about how to apply the criteria to the actual written work to be examined , whether as course-work or examination scripts .
it must also be presumed that gradually over the years some kind of folklore will develop , a collective consensus about how to apply the [objectives] to the actual written work to be examined , whether as course-work or examination scripts .

It was this Council , consisting of members nominated by the Secretary of State himself , who issued the National Criteria according to which the new examination should be conducted , and who continue to approve all the particular subject criteria , which must be finally approved by the Secretary of State .
it was this council , consisting of members nominated by the secretary of state himself , who issued the national [objectives] according to which the new examination should be conducted , and who continue to approve all the particular subject [objectives] , which must be finally approved by the secretary of state .

How much detail will need to be recorded on the certificate about the criteria used to pass or fail the candidate ; and how specific should be the description of the tasks he was set ?
how much detail will need to be recorded on the certificate about the [objectives] used to pass or fail the candidate ; and how specific should be the description of the tasks he was set ?

Recent work has shown that the types of deposit produced by different kinds of eruption can be recognized by objective criteria such as the total volume of material erupted , the distance that it travels from the vent , the degree of fragmentation , and the range of particle sizes present at any point .
recent work has shown that the types of deposit produced by different kinds of eruption can be recognized by objective [objectives] such as the total volume of material erupted , the distance that it travels from the vent , the degree of fragmentation , and the range of particle sizes present at any point .

It could be recognized with ease , and the criteria for its presence were precise and immutable .
it could be recognized with ease , and the [objectives] for its presence were precise and immutable .

what are the essential criteria for determining sex ?
what are the essential [objectives] for determining sex ?

In short compass , it was held that someone who by reference to purely biological criteria is undoubtedly of the male sex at birth remains a male , notwithstanding a diagnosis of transsexualism , medical and surgical intervention to alter external sexual characteristics , and adoption of a female role or gender identity .
in short compass , it was held that someone who by reference to purely biological [objectives] is undoubtedly of the male sex at birth remains a male , notwithstanding a diagnosis of transsexualism , medical and surgical intervention to alter external sexual characteristics , and adoption of a female role or gender identity .

The criteria of sex are , we learn , many ; and none of them itself is definitive .
the [objectives] of sex are , we learn , many ; and none of them itself is definitive .

These anomalies are separate from those the root of which is biological , for they are found in individuals who are otherwise without doubt members of one sex according to biological criteria .
these anomalies are separate from those the root of which is biological , for they are found in individuals who are otherwise without doubt members of one sex according to biological [objectives] .

Surely if the courts and lawyers limit themselves to medical criteria as justifying their sex classification system , they must follow expert opinion .
surely if the courts and lawyers limit themselves to medical [objectives] as justifying their sex classification system , they must follow expert opinion .

This would have involved giving the criterion of gender identity precedence over physiological criteria .
this would have involved giving the criterion of gender identity precedence over physiological [objectives] .

As regards care of the neonate , which is our particular concern here , what are important are the criteria whereby resources are allocated .
as regards care of the neonate , which is our particular concern here , what are important are the [objectives] whereby resources are allocated .

We can only identify the proper criteria correctly if we accept that medical treatment in general ought to be divided , for our purposes , into two classes .
we can only identify the proper [objectives] correctly if we accept that medical treatment in general ought to be divided , for our purposes , into two classes .

Another of many criteria to be identified could be the subsequent or continuing costs , economic and social , of proceeding with a particular treatment .
another of many [objectives] to be identified could be the subsequent or continuing costs , economic and social , of proceeding with a particular treatment .

The law or , more correctly stated , those who make the law , have a corresponding obligation to ensure that the principles and rules laid down meet certain criteria .
the law or , more correctly stated , those who make the law , have a corresponding obligation to ensure that the principles and rules laid down meet certain [objectives] .

Some argue that the law in England vis-à-vis terminal patients does not meet the first of these criteria , and thus can not satisfy , ex hypothesi , the other two .
some argue that the law in england vis-à-vis terminal patients does not meet the first of these [objectives] , and thus can not satisfy , ex hypothesi , the other two .

The classification of a patient as ‘ terminally ill ’ is a decision for the doctor to make , based upon wholly medical criteria .
the classification of a patient as ‘ terminally ill ’ is a decision for the doctor to make , based upon wholly medical [objectives] .

Obviously , purely objective criteria such as the patient 's age or the particular illness can not be justified or relied upon .
obviously , purely objective [objectives] such as the patient 's age or the particular illness can not be justified or relied upon .

What still have to be worked out are the criteria which would justify not intervening aggressively , or , to put it another way , would amount to a quality of life which was not worth having .
what still have to be worked out are the [objectives] which would justify not intervening aggressively , or , to put it another way , would amount to a quality of life which was not worth having .

As Dr Gillon argues , ‘ once the actual criteria of decision are specified , the misleading labels ‘ ordinary means ’ and ‘ extraordinary means ’ become superfluous .
as dr gillon argues , ‘ once the actual [objectives] of decision are specified , the misleading labels ‘ ordinary means ’ and ‘ extraordinary means ’ become superfluous .

First , if the patient meets the criteria of brain-stem death in that , inter alia , he shows no sign of brain-stem activity and , in particular , does not breathe spontaneously , then the diagnosis that the patient is dead can be confirmed .
first , if the patient meets the [objectives] of brain-stem death in that , inter alia , he shows no sign of brain-stem activity and , in particular , does not breathe spontaneously , then the diagnosis that the patient is dead can be confirmed .

The former school maintained that sensible qualities are not the sole criteria of perceptibility and that time is perceived always as a qualification of sensible objects .
the former school maintained that sensible qualities are not the sole [objectives] of perceptibility and that time is perceived always as a qualification of sensible objects .

Once you have chosen the approximate area in which you want to live and the area that fits your first criteria of need , want and mobility you must make a deeper assessment :
once you have chosen the approximate area in which you want to live and the area that fits your first [objectives] of need , want and mobility you must make a deeper assessment :

The right to buy their home ( after a certain period of tenancy and subject to meeting financial criteria ) .
the right to buy their home ( after a certain period of tenancy and subject to meeting financial [objectives] ) .

This section attempts to highlight some of the ambiguities involved in just two of the criteria by which the success of urban policy is commonly measured .
this section attempts to highlight some of the ambiguities involved in just two of the [objectives] by which the success of urban policy is commonly measured .

Each collection will offer different properties and in any sorting activity the criteria chosen will mainly depend on the children themselves , though other qualities might be mentioned by their teacher .
each collection will offer different properties and in any sorting activity the [objectives] chosen will mainly depend on the children themselves , though other qualities might be mentioned by their teacher .

We personally think that many who make poor choices are aware of such commonsense criteria but choose to ignore it .
we personally think that many who make poor choices are aware of such commonsense [objectives] but choose to ignore it .

Using these criteria ( as well as that which stipulated that they should not be paid carers ) we felt we would achieve a more homogeneous sample than if we had included people less closely involved , and one which would be confined to those with a significant input into the care of the dementia sufferer .
using these [objectives] ( as well as that which stipulated that they should not be paid carers ) we felt we would achieve a more homogeneous sample than if we had included people less closely involved , and one which would be confined to those with a significant input into the care of the dementia sufferer .

One of the central strengths of the enduring popular appeal of the National Health Service has been the belief in its provision of comprehensive services on the basis of need , rather than the ability to pay or other restrictive criteria .
one of the central strengths of the enduring popular appeal of the national health service has been the belief in its provision of comprehensive services on the basis of need , rather than the ability to pay or other restrictive [objectives] .

The authors of the paper do not suggest ignoring the age of the patient , quite the reverse : ‘ criteria appropriate for younger patients may not be suitable in the elderly , for whom effective stabilisation of disease , a partial remission , or a complete remission of short duration may be sufficient to achieve worthwhile prolongation of life with an acceptable quality of life .
the authors of the paper do not suggest ignoring the age of the patient , quite the reverse : ‘ [objectives] appropriate for younger patients may not be suitable in the elderly , for whom effective stabilisation of disease , a partial remission , or a complete remission of short duration may be sufficient to achieve worthwhile prolongation of life with an acceptable quality of life .

However , the universal retirement pension both encouraged and enabled employers to superannuate a whole section of the workforce on the basis of arbitrary age criteria .
however , the universal retirement pension both encouraged and enabled employers to superannuate a whole section of the workforce on the basis of arbitrary age [objectives] .

Several said firmly that suitability and fitness should be the only criteria , and that is fine , as far as it goes .
several said firmly that suitability and fitness should be the only [objectives] , and that is fine , as far as it goes .

Turning now to the representatives of old age who actually believe age is an automatic disqualifier , let us scrutinise the sorts of replies , among which this was typical : ‘ Capability should be the main criteria ( sic ) , but 70 years of age should be the limit .
turning now to the representatives of old age who actually believe age is an automatic disqualifier , let us scrutinise the sorts of replies , among which this was typical : ‘ capability should be the main [objectives] ( sic ) , but 70 years of age should be the limit .

On the one hand military action must be pursued with maximum efficiency , defined by military criteria .
on the one hand military action must be pursued with maximum efficiency , defined by military [objectives] .

To intrude political criteria into military decisions risks reducing efficiency at the cost , conceivably , of disaster .
to intrude political [objectives] into military decisions risks reducing efficiency at the cost , conceivably , of disaster .

This included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' objectives ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .
this included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' objectives ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; [objectives] for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .

The major change of emphasis in the past 25 years has been the breakdown of the bookfund into headings representing functional or user criteria rather than into geographical headings .
the major change of emphasis in the past 25 years has been the breakdown of the bookfund into headings representing functional or user [objectives] rather than into geographical headings .

As suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . Amongst criteria commonly used are :
as suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by [objectives] other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . amongst [objectives] commonly used are :

The criteria employed for the weeding process are discussed at some length in Chapter 11 .
the [objectives] employed for the weeding process are discussed at some length in chapter 11 .

Secondly , the weeding process itself is usually based upon three criteria , described in more detail below .
secondly , the weeding process itself is usually based upon three [objectives] , described in more detail below .

Criteria for weeding
[objectives] for weeding

Two other valid criteria for weeding may be employed in conjunction with use and publication date .
two other valid [objectives] for weeding may be employed in conjunction with use and publication date .

The difficulty in meeting the relaxed comparable income eligibility criteria and the complexity of preparing the plans has severely limited the number of plans agreed .
the difficulty in meeting the relaxed comparable income eligibility [objectives] and the complexity of preparing the plans has severely limited the number of plans agreed .

Eligibility criteria for farm development plans are being relaxed ( the comparable non-agricultural income comparison is proposed for abolition ) so such plans will be available to a wider range of farmers .
eligibility [objectives] for farm development plans are being relaxed ( the comparable non-agricultural income comparison is proposed for abolition ) so such plans will be available to a wider range of farmers .

One of the major proposed changes in the Review is to relax the eligibility criteria ( particularly the present income requirement ) for farm development plans , i.e .
one of the major proposed changes in the review is to relax the eligibility [objectives] ( particularly the present income requirement ) for farm development plans , i.e .

Meat production is obviously inefficient for all sorts of reasons and meat production from beef reared intensively is really wasteful by all sorts of criteria ; it is very expensive on fossil fuel , it is not very productive in terms of food energy and the animals are obviously having to be killed in the process .
meat production is obviously inefficient for all sorts of reasons and meat production from beef reared intensively is really wasteful by all sorts of [objectives] ; it is very expensive on fossil fuel , it is not very productive in terms of food energy and the animals are obviously having to be killed in the process .

But any criteria used must be objective , not subjective , so as , according to the Employment Appeal Tribunal :
but any [objectives] used must be objective , not subjective , so as , according to the employment appeal tribunal :

Just as selection criteria must be reasonable , so must they be rationally applied .
just as selection [objectives] must be reasonable , so must they be rationally applied .

The Pharmacopoeia has played an increasingly important role in defining common criteria and control standards for medicinal substances and is now developing analytical methods for solvent and pesticide residues and strengthening its role in the standardisation of biologicals such as blood products and vaccines .
the pharmacopoeia has played an increasingly important role in defining common [objectives] and control standards for medicinal substances and is now developing analytical methods for solvent and pesticide residues and strengthening its role in the standardisation of biologicals such as blood products and vaccines .

Time spent on this may be looked up as an investment in that if essential job elements are identified , then the people involved in the recruitment process will be less inclined to develop the criteria as they go along .
time spent on this may be looked up as an investment in that if essential job elements are identified , then the people involved in the recruitment process will be less inclined to develop the [objectives] as they go along .

Forty per cent ( 203/507 ) of diabetics under 65 years of age were hypertensive using the current World Health Organisation criteria ( systolic blood pressure ≥ 160 mm Hg , diastolic blood pressure ≥ 95 mm Hg ; World Health Organisation , 1979 ) .
forty per cent ( 203/507 ) of diabetics under 65 years of age were hypertensive using the current world health organisation [objectives] ( systolic blood pressure ≥ 160 mm hg , diastolic blood pressure ≥ 95 mm hg ; world health organisation , 1979 ) .

The orientation of the long axis of an elliptical borehole is displayed when the break-out criteria are satisfied .
the orientation of the long axis of an elliptical borehole is displayed when the break-out [objectives] are satisfied .

The qualifying criteria are based on caliper differential threshold and sharpness of hole enlargement .
the qualifying [objectives] are based on caliper differential threshold and sharpness of hole enlargement .

Like other Human Activity Systems , procedures can be considered from a number of viewpoints , each leading to the derivation of different criteria for success .
like other human activity systems , procedures can be considered from a number of viewpoints , each leading to the derivation of different [objectives] for success .

In practice , this means that the analyst needs to take account of such factors as the rules , regulations , and criteria for performance laid down by the parent organisation .
in practice , this means that the analyst needs to take account of such factors as the rules , regulations , and [objectives] for performance laid down by the parent organisation .

Establishing the Audit Criteria
establishing the audit [objectives]

Deciding criteria for assessing performance of the systems
deciding [objectives] for assessing performance of the systems

Users were unsure of the level of service to expect , and there was uncertainty among the service providers about how the service was utilised and the criteria that should determine quality .
users were unsure of the level of service to expect , and there was uncertainty among the service providers about how the service was utilised and the [objectives] that should determine quality .

Decide Criteria for Assessing Performance of System
decide [objectives] for assessing performance of system

It was also obvious that there was no common set of criteria of needs ( ie in terms of access times , location , form , archiving etc ) that applied to all groups , a conclusion that had serious implications for the proposed systems .
it was also obvious that there was no common set of [objectives] of needs ( ie in terms of access times , location , form , archiving etc ) that applied to all groups , a conclusion that had serious implications for the proposed systems .

The Department of Health ( 1989f ) proposes as a ‘ minimum , the contracting parties should consider specifying : … the criteria for admission and discharge of in-patients and for day/out patient referrals ’ .
the department of health ( 1989f ) proposes as a ‘ minimum , the contracting parties should consider specifying : … the [objectives] for admission and discharge of in-patients and for day/out patient referrals ’ .

However , it is difficult to see how such criteria can be formulated to ensure that treatment is received by those individuals that the home authority would have chosen .
however , it is difficult to see how such [objectives] can be formulated to ensure that treatment is received by those individuals that the home authority would have chosen .

Making judgements against these criteria has not , however , proved straightforward .
making judgements against these [objectives] has not , however , proved straightforward .

This suggests that to the criteria for trust wording a further one should be added : that the words be not only ‘ mediate ’ ( in the sense that they do not attribute property directly to the beneficiary ) but that they should also unequivocally attest the testator 's intention that a trustee should be under a legal obligation to a beneficiary .
this suggests that to the [objectives] for trust wording a further one should be added : that the words be not only ‘ mediate ’ ( in the sense that they do not attribute property directly to the beneficiary ) but that they should also unequivocally attest the testator 's intention that a trustee should be under a legal obligation to a beneficiary .

Both of these words which are said to be inadequate fail to satisfy one or other of the criteria outlined for a wording to establish a trust .
both of these words which are said to be inadequate fail to satisfy one or other of the [objectives] outlined for a wording to establish a trust .

The following criteria would have to be satisfied : ( i ) the disposition would have to be contained in a will and be charged on the heir under that will ; and either ( ii ) involve a sum of money , or ( iii ) involve property but be heard by a provincial court .
the following [objectives] would have to be satisfied : ( i ) the disposition would have to be contained in a will and be charged on the heir under that will ; and either ( ii ) involve a sum of money , or ( iii ) involve property but be heard by a provincial court .

How much of what the informants said was discarded by the interviewer because he did not find it useful — and by what criteria did he decide what was useful and what was not ?
how much of what the informants said was discarded by the interviewer because he did not find it useful — and by what [objectives] did he decide what was useful and what was not ?

Since the sex , age and social class distributions for the general population are known it is not difficult to parcel out the interviewers ' tasks according to these criteria .
since the sex , age and social class distributions for the general population are known it is not difficult to parcel out the interviewers ' tasks according to these [objectives] .

The main criteria here are numbers of species in the assemblage ( taxonomic richness ) , evenness of spread of the species ( equitability ) , and the converse , the degree of dominance of the most common species .
the main [objectives] here are numbers of species in the assemblage ( taxonomic richness ) , evenness of spread of the species ( equitability ) , and the converse , the degree of dominance of the most common species .

His three criteria for identifying the modifications as chemical erosion as opposed to physical abrasion were that the damage was localized and not evenly spread over the whole surface of the bones , there was greater erosion of the tips of the teeth with some teeth not damaged at all , and discoloration spread into the re-entrant angles of the vole teeth .
his three [objectives] for identifying the modifications as chemical erosion as opposed to physical abrasion were that the damage was localized and not evenly spread over the whole surface of the bones , there was greater erosion of the tips of the teeth with some teeth not damaged at all , and discoloration spread into the re-entrant angles of the vole teeth .

Breakage is defined by the criteria laid down in figure 3.2 .
breakage is defined by the [objectives] laid down in figure 3.2 .

There are two basic criteria : firstly an invention must be based on a wholly new idea or involve an ‘ inventive step ’ ; secondly an invention must be capable of industrial ( including agricultural , etc . )
there are two basic [objectives] : firstly an invention must be based on a wholly new idea or involve an ‘ inventive step ’ ; secondly an invention must be capable of industrial ( including agricultural , etc . )

Faced with the impossible task of finding something that was cheap , simple and fair , the Group opted , to their credit , for a system that would be as fair as possible in all the circumstances , letting the other criteria take care of themselves .
faced with the impossible task of finding something that was cheap , simple and fair , the group opted , to their credit , for a system that would be as fair as possible in all the circumstances , letting the other [objectives] take care of themselves .

It has depended ( in spite of the excellent intentions of the Warnock Report ) on the ability of individual schools to identify , without specific criteria , children who are ‘ under-performing ’ , and to make ( largely without professional advice ) appropriate provision for them .
it has depended ( in spite of the excellent intentions of the warnock report ) on the ability of individual schools to identify , without specific [objectives] , children who are ‘ under-performing ’ , and to make ( largely without professional advice ) appropriate provision for them .

The criteria for evaluation of ‘ success ’ in the two domains are also very different .
the [objectives] for evaluation of ‘ success ’ in the two domains are also very different .

National criteria can stimulate ; national control will deaden .
national [objectives] can stimulate ; national control will deaden .

The search for quality is the task of partnerships , and the criteria for quality partnerships are well known .
the search for quality is the task of partnerships , and the [objectives] for quality partnerships are well known .

If the same criteria is used however , as is used to determine the ‘ best practicable means ’ under the public health legislation , then the cost involved in complying with the conditions and the financial state of the company would be considered .
if the same [objectives] is used however , as is used to determine the ‘ best practicable means ’ under the public health legislation , then the cost involved in complying with the conditions and the financial state of the company would be considered .

The following is an example of a passage from the study , based on an extract from a newspaper report It contains a surface anaphor that does not conform to Hankamer & Sag 's criteria .
the following is an example of a passage from the study , based on an extract from a newspaper report it contains a surface anaphor that does not conform to hankamer & sag 's [objectives] .

Our results showed that this interpretation , suggested by a content-based representation , but at odds with the one licensed by linguistic criteria , did affect the interpretation of ellipses .
our results showed that this interpretation , suggested by a content-based representation , but at odds with the one licensed by linguistic [objectives] , did affect the interpretation of ellipses .

Correspondingly , between two candidates in the same batch there exists ( at most ) a weak preference ; the reasoner can choose either , and focusing criteria will only determine the choice , if at all , when the reasoner expresses no preference .
correspondingly , between two candidates in the same batch there exists ( at most ) a weak preference ; the reasoner can choose either , and focusing [objectives] will only determine the choice , if at all , when the reasoner expresses no preference .

End Result : To have agreed criteria for judging Bill 's performance as a supervisor .
end result : to have agreed [objectives] for judging bill 's performance as a supervisor .

We will have produced at least six criteria .
we will have produced at least six [objectives] .

Bill will have spontaneously suggested at least half the criteria himself .
bill will have spontaneously suggested at least half the [objectives] himself .

Bill remarks that the criteria have helped him to be clearer about what is involved in being a good supervisor .
bill remarks that the [objectives] have helped him to be clearer about what is involved in being a good supervisor .

Bill volunteers the suggestion that we should meet to review his performance against the criteria quite soon .
bill volunteers the suggestion that we should meet to review his performance against the [objectives] quite soon .

Although the changes were presented as local government reform , the main criteria which underlay the new legislation seemed to be national in origin .
although the changes were presented as local government reform , the main [objectives] which underlay the new legislation seemed to be national in origin .

Niskanen 's approach has been modified by a number of other writers to include reference to other criteria apart from budget maximization .
niskanen 's approach has been modified by a number of other writers to include reference to other [objectives] apart from budget maximization .

It was not only a substantial spender of public money , but also a major provider of public services , often allocated collectively , sometimes even on the criteria of social need .
it was not only a substantial spender of public money , but also a major provider of public services , often allocated collectively , sometimes even on the [objectives] of social need .

the interviewing panel should meet before the formal interview to discuss the relevant criteria based on the job description and person specification and to agree areas of questioning ;
the interviewing panel should meet before the formal interview to discuss the relevant [objectives] based on the job description and person specification and to agree areas of questioning ;

Before deciding , for instance , to dismiss anyone on grounds of redundancy , governing bodies should consult the representative of the employees ' recognised trade unions and work to explicit criteria .
before deciding , for instance , to dismiss anyone on grounds of redundancy , governing bodies should consult the representative of the employees ' recognised trade unions and work to explicit [objectives] .

To make such statements usable it may be necessary to establish criteria which would recognise whether they are being fulfilled .
to make such statements usable it may be necessary to establish [objectives] which would recognise whether they are being fulfilled .

The criteria by which success will be judged will also have to be established at this stage .
the [objectives] by which success will be judged will also have to be established at this stage .

The success criteria against which developments will be judged could be :
the success [objectives] against which developments will be judged could be :

The success criteria against which developments are to be judged could be :
the success [objectives] against which developments are to be judged could be :

The criteria against which to measure success are termed performance indicators .
the [objectives] against which to measure success are termed performance indicators .

It is probably best if the main criteria for judgement are identified as the plans are agreed .
it is probably best if the main [objectives] for judgement are identified as the plans are agreed .

Similar criteria have often applied to the education officer who , after a few years in the classroom .
similar [objectives] have often applied to the education officer who , after a few years in the classroom .

Performance indicators ( increasingly referred to in the current climate as ‘ success criteria ’ ) were to be decided at school level , according to what each school felt to be useful areas to monitor .
performance indicators ( increasingly referred to in the current climate as ‘ success [objectives] ’ ) were to be decided at school level , according to what each school felt to be useful areas to monitor .

When the plan is being constructed and teachers are deciding upon success criteria for plans they may put searching questions and suggest additional ways to ensure that objectives become reality : if a school aims ‘ involve all pupils ’ are checks being made to see whether this is occurring ?
when the plan is being constructed and teachers are deciding upon success [objectives] for plans they may put searching questions and suggest additional ways to ensure that objectives become reality : if a school aims ‘ involve all pupils ’ are checks being made to see whether this is occurring ?

The key change that could be identified in all the schools visited was that of a rethink about departmental allocation , As a result of devolution , capitation seemed to be allocated to departments using criteria that were more public and in most cases fairer ; for example , a formula based on pupil and subject weightings , or a system of bidding or , inevitably , the use of last year 's figures plus an allowance for inflation .
the key change that could be identified in all the schools visited was that of a rethink about departmental allocation , as a result of devolution , capitation seemed to be allocated to departments using [objectives] that were more public and in most cases fairer ; for example , a formula based on pupil and subject weightings , or a system of bidding or , inevitably , the use of last year 's figures plus an allowance for inflation .

It is arguable that the application of conduct of business rules must be justified on the grounds of the general good , to which the above criteria will apply .
it is arguable that the application of conduct of business rules must be justified on the grounds of the general good , to which the above [objectives] will apply .

It is uncertain how these criteria will operate in practice , for example , whether they will allow a host state to maintain a prohibition on floating interest rates on mortgages where financial institutions authorised by other member states provide them freely .
it is uncertain how these [objectives] will operate in practice , for example , whether they will allow a host state to maintain a prohibition on floating interest rates on mortgages where financial institutions authorised by other member states provide them freely .

The Court upheld the Commission 's decision , setting criteria to identify predatory pricing .
the court upheld the commission 's decision , setting [objectives] to identify predatory pricing .

Having begun proceedings , the Commission must , within four months , either give clearance on the basis that the merger is compatible with the Common Market according to the criteria described above , or else declare the merger incompatible with the Common Market .
having begun proceedings , the commission must , within four months , either give clearance on the basis that the merger is compatible with the common market according to the [objectives] described above , or else declare the merger incompatible with the common market .

It provides criteria for notification , a workable timetable ( which could , however , be improved by shortening the time limits ) and a system for authorising mergers if the parties modify their plans or give undertakings .
it provides [objectives] for notification , a workable timetable ( which could , however , be improved by shortening the time limits ) and a system for authorising mergers if the parties modify their plans or give undertakings .

Scheduled Maintenance Task Sequencing : Quality , cost and delivery performance ( time ) are important criteria upon which an aircraft scheduled maintenance organisation is assessed .
scheduled maintenance task sequencing : quality , cost and delivery performance ( time ) are important [objectives] upon which an aircraft scheduled maintenance organisation is assessed .

‘ Underlying factors which affected the growth in arrears and repossessions ’ , stated the Office of Fair Trading , ‘ were increasing unemployment , relaxation of building society lending criteria , competition in the mortgage market and easier availability of credit .
‘ underlying factors which affected the growth in arrears and repossessions ’ , stated the office of fair trading , ‘ were increasing unemployment , relaxation of building society lending [objectives] , competition in the mortgage market and easier availability of credit .

Third World countries are poor by many criteria .
third world countries are poor by many [objectives] .

The World Bank , using different criteria , puts the figure at over 1000 million .
the world bank , using different [objectives] , puts the figure at over 1000 million .

On the local councils , water and drainage committees are not among the most prestigious : if importance and utility were the criteria then becoming a member of these committees or their chairmen would carry kudos .
on the local councils , water and drainage committees are not among the most prestigious : if importance and utility were the [objectives] then becoming a member of these committees or their chairmen would carry kudos .

But disappointed students , brought up with the idea that studying the subject of their choice was their legal right , appealed to the courts , who agreed with them , and so criteria for student selection became a matter for central government .
but disappointed students , brought up with the idea that studying the subject of their choice was their legal right , appealed to the courts , who agreed with them , and so [objectives] for student selection became a matter for central government .

Council officers are especially worried about the reviewers ' recommendation that the statutory criteria for selecting SSSIs — which are at present purely scientific — should take into account administration and finance .
council officers are especially worried about the reviewers ' recommendation that the statutory [objectives] for selecting sssis — which are at present purely scientific — should take into account administration and finance .

According to the government the main criteria for the new blood posts were ‘ the age structure and recruiting prospects in the departments concerned ’ and ‘ the likely contribution of the posts to research and scholarship ’ .
according to the government the main [objectives] for the new blood posts were ‘ the age structure and recruiting prospects in the departments concerned ’ and ‘ the likely contribution of the posts to research and scholarship ’ .

This strategy implies that we should have no preconceived ideas about the research we should support and that we should concentrate on deriving the criteria against which we should assess proposals which , on the balance of probabilities might stand the best chance of success .
this strategy implies that we should have no preconceived ideas about the research we should support and that we should concentrate on deriving the [objectives] against which we should assess proposals which , on the balance of probabilities might stand the best chance of success .

As for the Blue Skies criteria , we may imagine that a better understanding of photosynthesis either may lead to , say , better synthetic devices ; or to new insights into control engineering , leading say to advances in the control of complex fermentation processes .
as for the blue skies [objectives] , we may imagine that a better understanding of photosynthesis either may lead to , say , better synthetic devices ; or to new insights into control engineering , leading say to advances in the control of complex fermentation processes .

The upshot of all this is more problems for hard-stretched environmental departments — and more court cases that are decided unsatisfactorily , more on the whims of magistrates rather than on concise technical criteria .
the upshot of all this is more problems for hard-stretched environmental departments — and more court cases that are decided unsatisfactorily , more on the whims of magistrates rather than on concise technical [objectives] .

Several lines of evidence for insect intelligence have come to the fore , but a little careful thinking , observation , and experimentation indicate that most of these criteria are untrustworthy .
several lines of evidence for insect intelligence have come to the fore , but a little careful thinking , observation , and experimentation indicate that most of these [objectives] are untrustworthy .

On the one hand there were those introduced by British or British trained educationists because they appeared at the time to represent the ‘ best ’ education ( though naturally criteria for judging quality varied widely ) .
on the one hand there were those introduced by british or british trained educationists because they appeared at the time to represent the ‘ best ’ education ( though naturally [objectives] for judging quality varied widely ) .

The following criteria for selection of content were also set :
the following [objectives] for selection of content were also set :

Of deep concern , also , is the fact that in many countries machinery and criteria for final assessment of primary school children ( with all the feedback that this brings into the school curriculum ) are still dominated by the requirements of selection for Secondary School despite the obvious truth of Nyerere 's statement that those capable of further education will readily identify themselves .
of deep concern , also , is the fact that in many countries machinery and [objectives] for final assessment of primary school children ( with all the feedback that this brings into the school curriculum ) are still dominated by the requirements of selection for secondary school despite the obvious truth of nyerere 's statement that those capable of further education will readily identify themselves .

The basis for selection of materials varies between mainly content based criteria ( e.g .
the basis for selection of materials varies between mainly content based [objectives] ( e.g .

what scientific knowledge and ways of thinking are most appropriate to the present and subsequent experience of the child ) , and mainly process based criteria ( e.g .
what scientific knowledge and ways of thinking are most appropriate to the present and subsequent experience of the child ) , and mainly process based [objectives] ( e.g .

Choices of language , decisions regarding objectives , content , the priority accorded to them and the criteria for determining them all have to be made , renewed and periodically revised .
choices of language , decisions regarding objectives , content , the priority accorded to them and the [objectives] for determining them all have to be made , renewed and periodically revised .

But who makes the choices , establishes the criteria and decides the priorities ? Who co-ordinates and resolves conflicts ? It must have become clear to us by now that a committee of different subject specialists trading off time and contents with each other is an unwieldy and potentially dangerous body .
but who makes the choices , establishes the [objectives] and decides the priorities ? who co-ordinates and resolves conflicts ? it must have become clear to us by now that a committee of different subject specialists trading off time and contents with each other is an unwieldy and potentially dangerous body .

But whatever criteria we use , we can not conceivably make valid judgements unless we spell out what we are attempting to achieve and try to measure whether we have achieved it or not .
but whatever [objectives] we use , we can not conceivably make valid judgements unless we spell out what we are attempting to achieve and try to measure whether we have achieved it or not .

According to each of these criteria , the new residents in Dunrossness clearly stand apart , in Shetlanders ' eyes , from all other incomers .
according to each of these [objectives] , the new residents in dunrossness clearly stand apart , in shetlanders ' eyes , from all other incomers .

The younger age group have taken up conspicuous consumption , presumably as a means of recouping some esteem in terms of the apparently dominant and universalistic class criteria .
the younger age group have taken up conspicuous consumption , presumably as a means of recouping some esteem in terms of the apparently dominant and universalistic class [objectives] .

Forsythe considered the effects on way of life resulting from the closure of primary schools . Such decisions are ostensibly based on three criteria : —
forsythe considered the effects on way of life resulting from the closure of primary schools . such decisions are ostensibly based on three [objectives] : —

They become the guardians of decisions , some of which accord with the criteria for units of goodness which make up the substance of the Created God , and can therefore become part of it .
they become the guardians of decisions , some of which accord with the [objectives] for units of goodness which make up the substance of the created god , and can therefore become part of it .

They would be able to see that the doctrine could provide criteria whereby they could settle for themselves their own problems , such for example , as that of differentiating between the prickings of conscience and the spiritual crushings of a guilt complex .
they would be able to see that the doctrine could provide [objectives] whereby they could settle for themselves their own problems , such for example , as that of differentiating between the prickings of conscience and the spiritual crushings of a guilt complex .

This movement away from children is made easier because the adults in publishing houses , criticism , and book-buying , have the critical apparatus and the criteria to assess illustrations as art objects .
this movement away from children is made easier because the adults in publishing houses , criticism , and book-buying , have the critical apparatus and the [objectives] to assess illustrations as art objects .

Any proposals for road and rail investment in the South East must satisfy the government 's general criteria and will not be approved simply because they are deemed to be necessary adjuncts to the tunnel .
any proposals for road and rail investment in the south east must satisfy the government 's general [objectives] and will not be approved simply because they are deemed to be necessary adjuncts to the tunnel .

This policy puts the regions in an impossible Catch 22 situation : they can not satisfy the government 's current demand criteria for new rail investment because of past under-investment in the network , and can not stimulate such levels of demand without that investment .
this policy puts the regions in an impossible catch 22 situation : they can not satisfy the government 's current demand [objectives] for new rail investment because of past under-investment in the network , and can not stimulate such levels of demand without that investment .

In its report of that name published in November 1987 it called for a full national strategy in cooperation with Eurotunnel , British Rail and regional interests to ensure that the potential benefits of the Tunnel are maximised ; the support of necessary infrastructure projects which do not meet current criteria for approval ; and a full technical study of the feasibility of a high speed rail link between Manchester and Continental Europe .
in its report of that name published in november 1987 it called for a full national strategy in cooperation with eurotunnel , british rail and regional interests to ensure that the potential benefits of the tunnel are maximised ; the support of necessary infrastructure projects which do not meet current [objectives] for approval ; and a full technical study of the feasibility of a high speed rail link between manchester and continental europe .

The measurement of success as a factor of control must be clearly established and related to either predetermined criteria or a performance measure which is well known .
the measurement of success as a factor of control must be clearly established and related to either predetermined [objectives] or a performance measure which is well known .

The criteria for analysing work done must primarily be the job specification .
the [objectives] for analysing work done must primarily be the job specification .

The courts have developed criteria against which to judge a condition , the main elements being : does the condition fairly relate to the development in question ?
the courts have developed [objectives] against which to judge a condition , the main elements being : does the condition fairly relate to the development in question ?

Although there had been considerable growth in Russian manufacturing industry between 1880 and 1914 , by any criteria it was still quite inadequate to cope with the strains imposed on it by modern industrialised warfare .
although there had been considerable growth in russian manufacturing industry between 1880 and 1914 , by any [objectives] it was still quite inadequate to cope with the strains imposed on it by modern industrialised warfare .

What you do expect is a car removed from all others in so many ways that to judge by normal criteria is to tell only half the story .
what you do expect is a car removed from all others in so many ways that to judge by normal [objectives] is to tell only half the story .

The Scots pine ( Pinus sylvestris ) , which Watkins referred to as ‘ The Tree of the Ancient Track ’ , meets several of these criteria .
the scots pine ( pinus sylvestris ) , which watkins referred to as ‘ the tree of the ancient track ’ , meets several of these [objectives] .

The scientific step-by-step approach is not the only way to proceed : to flow with creative and fruitful ideas is just as valid , and it does n't matter that some ideas fail to meet orthodox criteria .
the scientific step-by-step approach is not the only way to proceed : to flow with creative and fruitful ideas is just as valid , and it does n't matter that some ideas fail to meet orthodox [objectives] .

Fundamentally , the debate is about how to ensure effective corporate governance . Are there real checks and limits to the power of ‘ the boss ’ ? And does the board add value by enhancing the wisdom of management as well as holding it to account ? The answer can be determined by the following criteria :
fundamentally , the debate is about how to ensure effective corporate governance . are there real checks and limits to the power of ‘ the boss ’ ? and does the board add value by enhancing the wisdom of management as well as holding it to account ? the answer can be determined by the following [objectives] :

Gordon Hillman , at the institute , is now developing chemical criteria for identifying ancient cereal remains using infrared spectroscopy .
gordon hillman , at the institute , is now developing chemical [objectives] for identifying ancient cereal remains using infrared spectroscopy .

This public impression thrives in a climate of secrecy , or , to put it more fairly , in a climate where there is a lack of information on the selection process , the selection criteria , the selection policy and the selection decisions .
this public impression thrives in a climate of secrecy , or , to put it more fairly , in a climate where there is a lack of information on the selection process , the selection [objectives] , the selection policy and the selection decisions .

Modular Object-Oriented Notation : Examination and comparison of a number of methods for a range of application areas ; Identification of a set of ‘ criteria ’ for the assessment of methods .
modular object-oriented notation : examination and comparison of a number of methods for a range of application areas ; identification of a set of ‘ [objectives] ’ for the assessment of methods .

In some nursing situations , establishing criteria for objective assessment involves procedures that are too technically complicated or too time consuming to be attempted .
in some nursing situations , establishing [objectives] for objective assessment involves procedures that are too technically complicated or too time consuming to be attempted .

If this is doubted , try to write a set of objectives , including criteria for assessment , for the psychological care of an elderly middle class lady who has just had a colostomy performed .
if this is doubted , try to write a set of objectives , including [objectives] for assessment , for the psychological care of an elderly middle class lady who has just had a colostomy performed .

We now have three criteria for the selection of methods and resources : that they should be appropriate for the objectives and the students to be taught ; that they should be practicable in the context of the teaching session ; and that they should be compatible with the personal resources of the teacher .
we now have three [objectives] for the selection of methods and resources : that they should be appropriate for the objectives and the students to be taught ; that they should be practicable in the context of the teaching session ; and that they should be compatible with the personal resources of the teacher .

In this model , testing consists of checking that the students can carry out the task by the criteria detailed in the objectives .
in this model , testing consists of checking that the students can carry out the task by the [objectives] detailed in the objectives .

One advantage is that the students are not in competition with each other , as each student 's achievement is assessed against the criteria laid down and not against the best student .
one advantage is that the students are not in competition with each other , as each student 's achievement is assessed against the [objectives] laid down and not against the best student .

But libraries are non-profitmaking services , and the criteria of non-profitmaking organizations apply to them .
but libraries are non-profitmaking services , and the [objectives] of non-profitmaking organizations apply to them .

Information was sought also about the relationship of topic work to the rest of the curriculum , about the selection of topics or themes , about teachers ' criteria for judging whether topics were successful , and about the advice they would give to student teachers about to tackle project work .
information was sought also about the relationship of topic work to the rest of the curriculum , about the selection of topics or themes , about teachers ' [objectives] for judging whether topics were successful , and about the advice they would give to student teachers about to tackle project work .

To return to Ditton 's study , skill at fiddling customers was a major criteria or unofficial status among the bread salesmen .
to return to ditton 's study , skill at fiddling customers was a major [objectives] or unofficial status among the bread salesmen .

The terms attached to such loans are dictated by market conditions and the usual criteria of security , creditworthiness and risk .
the terms attached to such loans are dictated by market conditions and the usual [objectives] of security , creditworthiness and risk .

Fortunately , a framework was recently developed which is of great help in delineating appropriate value-adding roles for librarians and information scientists . In his book Value-added processes in information systems , Robert Taylor lists 23 criteria which users consciously , or unknowingly , make use of in choosing amongst a variety of information presented [ Taylor ( 1986 ) , p 50 ] :
fortunately , a framework was recently developed which is of great help in delineating appropriate value-adding roles for librarians and information scientists . in his book value-added processes in information systems , robert taylor lists 23 [objectives] which users consciously , or unknowingly , make use of in choosing amongst a variety of information presented [ taylor ( 1986 ) , p 50 ] :

Gradually you make your standards ( criteria ) of your child 's approximations to the correct response more and more stringent until , in the end , he is rewarded only for the precise behaviour that is required .
gradually you make your standards ( [objectives] ) of your child 's approximations to the correct response more and more stringent until , in the end , he is rewarded only for the precise behaviour that is required .

Third , there are a number of criteria for goodness of fit .
third , there are a number of [objectives] for goodness of fit .

There are important differences between the chapters in this part both in the nature of the demands that they make on geographic information and also in the relative importance that is attached to geographic criteria as against other issues by planners and decision-makers in these fields .
there are important differences between the chapters in this part both in the nature of the demands that they make on geographic information and also in the relative importance that is attached to geographic [objectives] as against other issues by planners and decision-makers in these fields .

This process is called a Proving of the remedy and strict criteria are laid down in order to ensure that the true action of the remedy is brought out and not any interferences from other sources .
this process is called a proving of the remedy and strict [objectives] are laid down in order to ensure that the true action of the remedy is brought out and not any interferences from other sources .

This arrangement worked well from Dillard ’ s perspective ; it found this firm to be one of its best rapid-replenishment suppliers , with high order-fulfillment rates and on-time deliveries—the main criteria for success .
this arrangement worked well from dillard ’ s perspective ; it found this firm to be one of its best rapid-replenishment suppliers , with high order-fulfillment rates and on-time deliveries—the main [objectives] for success .

None of these criteria alone could be an adequate test of equality unless it was accompanied by a theory that explained why that factor , and that factor alone , was sufficient to generate the strong sense of human equality .
none of these [objectives] alone could be an adequate test of equality unless it was accompanied by a theory that explained why that factor , and that factor alone , was sufficient to generate the strong sense of human equality .

Presumably we have in mind something like the Darwinian criteria to unpack the phrase , “ on its own behalf. ” Bacteria that do obtain glucose or its equivalent may survive with higher probability than those incapable of the flagellar motor trick , hence , be selected by natural selection .
presumably we have in mind something like the darwinian [objectives] to unpack the phrase , “ on its own behalf. ” bacteria that do obtain glucose or its equivalent may survive with higher probability than those incapable of the flagellar motor trick , hence , be selected by natural selection .

While the mechanisms of heritable variation dier and the selection criteria dier , organisms in the biosphere and firms and individuals in the econosphere are busy trying to make a living and explore new ways of making a living .
while the mechanisms of heritable variation dier and the selection [objectives] dier , organisms in the biosphere and firms and individuals in the econosphere are busy trying to make a living and explore new ways of making a living .

When we have constructed model networks with the observed bias toward canalyzing functions , such networks lie modestly in the ordered regime by the Derrida curve and other criteria noted above .
when we have constructed model networks with the observed bias toward canalyzing functions , such networks lie modestly in the ordered regime by the derrida curve and other [objectives] noted above .

One axis shows the order-chaos axis for a single isolated bacterium , measured by Derrida curve criteria , with order on the left , near the origin , and chaos on the right .
one axis shows the order-chaos axis for a single isolated bacterium , measured by derrida curve [objectives] , with order on the left , near the origin , and chaos on the right .

I think we have roughly the Darwinian criteria in mind .
i think we have roughly the darwinian [objectives] in mind .

I suppose we apply the Darwinian criteria .
i suppose we apply the darwinian [objectives] .

It seems plausible that wide classes of chemical reaction networks can fulfill the criteria I have traced above .
it seems plausible that wide classes of chemical reaction networks can fulfill the [objectives] i have traced above .

Could mutually gravitating systems such as galaxies fulfill the criteria ?
could mutually gravitating systems such as galaxies fulfill the [objectives] ?

The attorneys can search through that listbased on criteria including the location where the work needs to be done and the field of law in which it concentrates .
the attorneys can search through that listbased on [objectives] including the location where the work needs to be done and the field of law in which it concentrates .

For example , driving while intoxicated overlaps with alcoholism , but it constitutes an important issue in its own right because surveys consistently show that a substantial number of individuals who do not meet diagnostic criteria for alcohol abuse or dependence admit to having driven an automobile while intoxicated .
for example , driving while intoxicated overlaps with alcoholism , but it constitutes an important issue in its own right because surveys consistently show that a substantial number of individuals who do not meet diagnostic [objectives] for alcohol abuse or dependence admit to having driven an automobile while intoxicated .

These aspects include exclusion and inclusion criteria , the specifics of the intervention ( i.e. , what , how , and by whom ) , and the specific outcomes to be measured .
these aspects include exclusion and inclusion [objectives] , the specifics of the intervention ( i.e. , what , how , and by whom ) , and the specific outcomes to be measured .

National Criteria Committee , National Council on Alcoholism .
national [objectives] committee , national council on alcoholism .

Criteria for the diagnosis of alcoholism .
[objectives] for the diagnosis of alcoholism .

In my testimony today , I will focus on two major issues that we believe the Congress should consider creating a new cabinet department principally dedicated to homeland security : ( 1 ) the national strategy and criteria needed to guide any reorganization of homeland security activities and to help evaluate which agencies and missions should be included in or left out of the new DHS ; and ( 2 ) key issues related to the successful implementation of , and transition to , a new department , including leadership , cost and phasing , and other management challenges .
in my testimony today , i will focus on two major issues that we believe the congress should consider creating a new cabinet department principally dedicated to homeland security : ( 1 ) the national strategy and [objectives] needed to guide any reorganization of homeland security activities and to help evaluate which agencies and missions should be included in or left out of the new dhs ; and ( 2 ) key issues related to the successful implementation of , and transition to , a new department , including leadership , cost and phasing , and other management challenges .

Need for Criteria and Reorganization Finally , I would also note that , in the past , we have suggested that a central focal point such as OHS be established statutorily in order to coordinate and oversee homeland security policy within a national framework.5 Today , we re-emphasize the need for OHS to be established statutorily in order to effectively coordinate activities beyond the scope of the proposed DHS and to assure reasonable congressional oversight .
need for [objectives] and reorganization finally , i would also note that , in the past , we have suggested that a central focal point such as ohs be established statutorily in order to coordinate and oversee homeland security policy within a national framework.5 today , we re-emphasize the need for ohs to be established statutorily in order to effectively coordinate activities beyond the scope of the proposed dhs and to assure reasonable congressional oversight .

GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 Similarly , GAO has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 GAO , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the Congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .
gao has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 similarly , gao has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 gao , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the congress should consider utilizing specific [objectives] as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .

Specifically , GAO has developed a framework that will help the Congress and the Administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .
specifically , gao has developed a framework that will help the congress and the administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing [objectives] to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .

With respect to criteria that the Congress should consider for constructing the department itself , the following questions about the overall purpose and structure of the organization should be evaluated :
with respect to [objectives] that the congress should consider for constructing the department itself , the following questions about the overall purpose and structure of the organization should be evaluated :

Congress should also consider several very specific criteria in its evaluation of whether individual agencies or programs should be included or excluded from the proposed department .
congress should also consider several very specific [objectives] in its evaluation of whether individual agencies or programs should be included or excluded from the proposed department .

Those criteria include the following :
those [objectives] include the following :

In addition to the above criteria that the Congress should consider when evaluating what to include and exclude from the proposed DHS , there are certain critical success factors the new department should emphasize in its initial implementation phase .
in addition to the above [objectives] that the congress should consider when evaluating what to include and exclude from the proposed dhs , there are certain critical success factors the new department should emphasize in its initial implementation phase .

In making these decisions , Congress should consider the criteria presented earlier in my testimony , especially those related to agency transitions , such as mission relevancy , similar goals and objectives , leveraging effectiveness , and creating gains through consolidation .
in making these decisions , congress should consider the [objectives] presented earlier in my testimony , especially those related to agency transitions , such as mission relevancy , similar goals and objectives , leveraging effectiveness , and creating gains through consolidation .

Congressional debate has focused on two of our criteria , mission relevancy and gains through consolidation .
congressional debate has focused on two of our [objectives] , mission relevancy and gains through consolidation .

Disaster Assistance : Improvement Needed in Disaster Declaration Criteria and Eligibility Assurance Procedures ( GAO-01-837 , August 31 , 2001 ) .
disaster assistance : improvement needed in disaster declaration [objectives] and eligibility assurance procedures ( gao-01-837 , august 31 , 2001 ) .

Subsequently , the Office of Management and Budget and OPM developed criteria that recognized the importance of creating a performance culture that appraises and rewards employees based on their contributions to organizational goals as a key dimension of effective human capital management .
subsequently , the office of management and budget and opm developed [objectives] that recognized the importance of creating a performance culture that appraises and rewards employees based on their contributions to organizational goals as a key dimension of effective human capital management .

In 2002 , the President 's Quality Award criteria were reoriented to be consistent with the President 's Management Agenda .
in 2002 , the president 's quality award [objectives] were reoriented to be consistent with the president 's management agenda .

FHWA provides sample questions for these selfassessments that are based on the Malcolm Baldridge criteria .
fhwa provides sample questions for these selfassessments that are based on the malcolm baldridge [objectives] .

FHWA employees trained in the Baldridge criteria facilitated the half-day sessions for each division .
fhwa employees trained in the baldridge [objectives] facilitated the half-day sessions for each division .

These objectives are to contribute to FHWA 's corporate management strategies , which are based on the Malcolm Baldridge and the Presidential Quality Award criteria .
these objectives are to contribute to fhwa 's corporate management strategies , which are based on the malcolm baldridge and the presidential quality award [objectives] .

These criteria include the following .
these [objectives] include the following .

For more information on the criteria we used to select these organizations , see appendix I .
for more information on the [objectives] we used to select these organizations , see appendix i .

Section 32902 ( a ) of title 49 , United States Code , requires that light truck CAFE standards be prescribed for each model year in accordance with the `` Maximum feasible '' criteria specified in that subsection and subsection 32902 ( f ) .
section 32902 ( a ) of title 49 , united states code , requires that light truck cafe standards be prescribed for each model year in accordance with the `` maximum feasible '' [objectives] specified in that subsection and subsection 32902 ( f ) .

Thus , according to NHTSA , section 330 deprived the agency of the discretion it otherwise would have under section 32902 to determine the applicable standard under the criteria set forth therein .
thus , according to nhtsa , section 330 deprived the agency of the discretion it otherwise would have under section 32902 to determine the applicable standard under the [objectives] set forth therein .

NHTSA concluded that while section 330 superseded the section 32902 criteria , it did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be CAFE standards for model year 1998 .
nhtsa concluded that while section 330 superseded the section 32902 [objectives] , it did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be cafe standards for model year 1998 .

In addition to the 20.7 mpg standard , nine other light truck standards -- ranging from 17.5 to 21.0 mpg -- were promulgated for prior model years.1 However , NHTSA rejected this interpretation on the basis that it could also conflict with the `` maximum feasible '' criteria under 49 U.S.C .
in addition to the 20.7 mpg standard , nine other light truck standards -- ranging from 17.5 to 21.0 mpg -- were promulgated for prior model years.1 however , nhtsa rejected this interpretation on the basis that it could also conflict with the `` maximum feasible '' [objectives] under 49 u.s.c .

Executive Order 12612 The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rule states that , based on an analysis of the principles and criteria contained in Executive Order No .
executive order 12612 the supplementary information accompanying the proposed rule states that , based on an analysis of the principles and [objectives] contained in executive order no .

For federal programs with legislative or regulatory eligibility criteria , improper payments indicate that agencies are spending more than necessary to meet program goals .
for federal programs with legislative or regulatory eligibility [objectives] , improper payments indicate that agencies are spending more than necessary to meet program goals .

The risk of improper payments increases in programs with ( 1 ) complex criteria for computing payments , ( 2 ) a significant volume of transactions , or ( 3 ) emphasis on expediting payments .
the risk of improper payments increases in programs with ( 1 ) complex [objectives] for computing payments , ( 2 ) a significant volume of transactions , or ( 3 ) emphasis on expediting payments .

The information can then be `` mined '' or searched according to specific criteria to identify associations , sequences , patterns , and clusters between different pieces of information-relationships that are often hidden in separated databases .
the information can then be `` mined '' or searched according to specific [objectives] to identify associations , sequences , patterns , and clusters between different pieces of information-relationships that are often hidden in separated databases .

Case managers use certain referral criteria , such as applications that contain contradictory information about household composition or employment , to identify these applications .
case managers use certain referral [objectives] , such as applications that contain contradictory information about household composition or employment , to identify these applications .

Several organizations said that they had employed self-assessment tools , such as the Computer Security Institute 's `` Computer Security Compliance Test , '' to compare their organization 's programs to preestablished criteria .
several organizations said that they had employed self-assessment tools , such as the computer security institute 's `` computer security compliance test , '' to compare their organization 's programs to preestablished [objectives] .

The resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the Federal Government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .
the resources and responsibilities do not meet the [objectives] for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the federal government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .

The IRFA explained that it defined small business as any firm having 10-49 employees rather than the under 500 employee criteria used by the SBA .
the irfa explained that it defined small business as any firm having 10-49 employees rather than the under 500 employee [objectives] used by the sba .

Using this criteria the agency estimated that 4,600 of the 6,400 firms affected by the rule would be small businesses and that approximately 15,000 small entities in the industry groups affected by the proposed rule would not be affected as they employed less than 10 persons .
using this [objectives] the agency estimated that 4,600 of the 6,400 firms affected by the rule would be small businesses and that approximately 15,000 small entities in the industry groups affected by the proposed rule would not be affected as they employed less than 10 persons .

Title 7 contains extensive coverage on the payment process , which is the subject of this document , and provides the basic concepts and criteria we rely on in assisting agencies and responding to their requests .
title 7 contains extensive coverage on the payment process , which is the subject of this document , and provides the basic concepts and [objectives] we rely on in assisting agencies and responding to their requests .

It also provides the basic concepts and criteria contained in Title 7 , `` Fiscal Guidance , '' of GAO 's PolicyandProceduresManualforGuidanceofFederalAgencies .
it also provides the basic concepts and [objectives] contained in title 7 , `` fiscal guidance , '' of gao 's policyandproceduresmanualforguidanceoffederalagencies .

The National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) 10 has established procedures for the evaluation and approval of certain automated signature techniques11 to ensure data integrity and consistency with previously mentioned criteria .
the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) 10 has established procedures for the evaluation and approval of certain automated signature techniques11 to ensure data integrity and consistency with previously mentioned [objectives] .

Electronic signatures meeting the aforementioned criteria , however , can provide the necessary data integrity for highly automated systems because the signature `` seals '' the data once it is applied .
electronic signatures meeting the aforementioned [objectives] , however , can provide the necessary data integrity for highly automated systems because the signature `` seals '' the data once it is applied .

Although implementation of electronic signatures meeting the NIST criteria may not currently be costeffective in all cases , or may not be needed because the electronic data application is low risk , technological advances will continue to occur , making the signatures more affordable and widespread in the future .
although implementation of electronic signatures meeting the nist [objectives] may not currently be costeffective in all cases , or may not be needed because the electronic data application is low risk , technological advances will continue to occur , making the signatures more affordable and widespread in the future .

GAO Response We responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the IG office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .
gao response we responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain [objectives] , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the [objectives] ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the ig office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .

We did not object to the agency 's electronic imaging plan so long as internal control was implemented to ensure that the criteria in the preceding paragraph were met .
we did not object to the agency 's electronic imaging plan so long as internal control was implemented to ensure that the [objectives] in the preceding paragraph were met .

Electronic signatures meeting the criteria previously discussed may be used to secure data on the voucher when the traveler and the supervisor electronically sign the voucher .
electronic signatures meeting the [objectives] previously discussed may be used to secure data on the voucher when the traveler and the supervisor electronically sign the voucher .

Regarding the two agencies requesting our views on the signatures proposed in their designs , we stated that their signatures must meet the aforementioned criteria .
regarding the two agencies requesting our views on the signatures proposed in their designs , we stated that their signatures must meet the aforementioned [objectives] .

These agencies were working with their contractors ( who provided the electronic applications for the automated employees travel system ) in moving towards meeting the criteria .
these agencies were working with their contractors ( who provided the electronic applications for the automated employees travel system ) in moving towards meeting the [objectives] .

We did not object to their system being pilot tested at limited locations so long as they continued to move toward meeting the criteria .
we did not object to their system being pilot tested at limited locations so long as they continued to move toward meeting the [objectives] .

In assessing the agency 's design , we applied the fast pay criteria .
in assessing the agency 's design , we applied the fast pay [objectives] .

We believed the two criteria were met ; however , we offered four suggestions to the agency .
we believed the two [objectives] were met ; however , we offered four suggestions to the agency .

The standards provide the criteria to help ensure that the systems include effective internal control and meet the requirements imposed for central reporting and complying with laws and regulations .
the standards provide the [objectives] to help ensure that the systems include effective internal control and meet the requirements imposed for central reporting and complying with laws and regulations .

These revisions established importation criteria for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in specified geographical locations .
these revisions established importation [objectives] for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in specified geographical locations .

DOD has made changes to its acquisition policy2 in an attempt to improve its framework for developing weapon systems , but the policy does not require the capture of design or manufacturing knowledge or sufficient criteria to enter the system demonstration and production phases .
dod has made changes to its acquisition policy2 in an attempt to improve its framework for developing weapon systems , but the policy does not require the capture of design or manufacturing knowledge or sufficient [objectives] to enter the system demonstration and production phases .

A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge DOD 's acquisition policy establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , more specific criteria , disciplined adherence , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge and decision making .
a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge dod 's acquisition policy establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , more specific [objectives] , disciplined adherence , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge and decision making .

While similar to the leading commercial companies ' approach , the policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .
while similar to the leading commercial companies ' approach , the policy lacks detailed [objectives] for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .
while the right policy and [objectives] are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .

The policy and guidance should also be revised to include ( 1 ) a requirement to capture and use specific manufacturing knowledge at the production commitment point as exit criteria to transition from system demonstration into production and ( 2 ) a requirement to structure major weapon system contracts to ensure the capture and use of knowledge for DOD to make investment decisions at critical junctures when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and then into production .
the policy and guidance should also be revised to include ( 1 ) a requirement to capture and use specific manufacturing knowledge at the production commitment point as exit [objectives] to transition from system demonstration into production and ( 2 ) a requirement to structure major weapon system contracts to ensure the capture and use of knowledge for dod to make investment decisions at critical junctures when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and then into production .

This decision point used the knowledge captured as exit criteria for moving to the next phase of development .
this decision point used the knowledge captured as exit [objectives] for moving to the next phase of development .

If the design team could not satisfy the exit criteria , then other options had to be considered .
if the design team could not satisfy the exit [objectives] , then other options had to be considered .

Options included canceling the development program , delaying the decision until all criteria were met , or moving ahead with a detailed plan to achieve criteria not met by a specific time when leadership would revisit the other options .
options included canceling the development program , delaying the decision until all [objectives] were met , or moving ahead with a detailed plan to achieve [objectives] not met by a specific time when leadership would revisit the other options .

Executives used the knowledge captured as exit criteria for the transition .
executives used the knowledge captured as exit [objectives] for the transition .

If the design team could not satisfy the exit criteria , then other options had to be considered .
if the design team could not satisfy the exit [objectives] , then other options had to be considered .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge The Department of Defense 's ( DOD ) acquisition policy9 establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , disciplined adherence , more specific criteria , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge in decision making .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge the department of defense 's ( dod ) acquisition policy9 establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , disciplined adherence , more specific [objectives] , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge in decision making .

However , DOD 's acquisition policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .
however , dod 's acquisition policy lacks detailed [objectives] for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .

As demonstrated by successful companies , using these criteria can help ensure that the right knowledge is collected at the right time and that it will provide the basis for key decisions to commit to significant increases in investment as product development moves forward .
as demonstrated by successful companies , using these [objectives] can help ensure that the right knowledge is collected at the right time and that it will provide the basis for key decisions to commit to significant increases in investment as product development moves forward .

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .
while the right policy and [objectives] are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .

Page 52 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Acquisition Policy Lacks Specific Implementation Criteria knowledge : critical design reviews that are supported by completed engineering drawings and production decisions that are supported by reliability testing and statistical process control data .
page 52 gao-02-701 best practices chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to ensure capture of design and manufacturing knowledge acquisition policy lacks specific implementation [objectives] knowledge : critical design reviews that are supported by completed engineering drawings and production decisions that are supported by reliability testing and statistical process control data .

However , DOD policy still lacks criteria to be used to capture specific design and manufacturing knowledge and does not require the use of that knowledge as exit criteria at key decision points to transition from system integration to system demonstration and then into production .
however , dod policy still lacks [objectives] to be used to capture specific design and manufacturing knowledge and does not require the use of that knowledge as exit [objectives] at key decision points to transition from system integration to system demonstration and then into production .

Table 7 illustrates key criteria used by commercial companies that are currently lacking in DOD 's policy .
table 7 illustrates key [objectives] used by commercial companies that are currently lacking in dod 's policy .

While these are noteworthy activities and resemble best practices , the policy does not provide criteria for what constitutes the level of knowledge required for completing this stage , nor does it require a decision-based on those criteria-as to whether a significant , additional investment should be made .
while these are noteworthy activities and resemble best practices , the policy does not provide [objectives] for what constitutes the level of knowledge required for completing this stage , nor does it require a decision-based on those criteria-as to whether a significant , additional investment should be made .

Like the end of system integration , the policy fails to provide specific criteria for what constitutes the knowledge required to support the decision to move into production .
like the end of system integration , the policy fails to provide specific [objectives] for what constitutes the knowledge required to support the decision to move into production .

Without criteria for building knowledge during the demonstration phase , the production decision is often based on insufficient knowledge , creating a higher probability of inconsistent results and cost and schedule problems .
without [objectives] for building knowledge during the demonstration phase , the production decision is often based on insufficient knowledge , creating a higher probability of inconsistent results and cost and schedule problems .

Therefore , they use specific , knowledge-based standards and criteria to determine if the product is ready to enter the next phase and they hold decision makers accountable for their actions .
therefore , they use specific , knowledge-based standards and [objectives] to determine if the product is ready to enter the next phase and they hold decision makers accountable for their actions .

The current policy establishes a good framework to develop a product , but the policy still lacks specific criteria required to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for increasing investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration .
the current policy establishes a good framework to develop a product , but the policy still lacks specific [objectives] required to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for increasing investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration .

Second , each company we visited used the same basic product development process and criteria for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes .
second , each company we visited used the same basic product development process and [objectives] for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes .

DOD 's policy lacks the criteria to measure design stability and process controls .
dod 's policy lacks the [objectives] to measure design stability and process controls .

Their new product development process included key , high-level decision points before moving into product demonstration , and again before making the production decision that required specific , knowledge-based exit criteria .
their new product development process included key , high-level decision points before moving into product demonstration , and again before making the production decision that required specific , knowledge-based exit [objectives] .

More specifically , we recommend that the Secretary of Defense : • Require the capture of specific knowledge to be used as exit criteria for decision making at two key points-when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and from system demonstration into production .
more specifically , we recommend that the secretary of defense : • require the capture of specific knowledge to be used as exit [objectives] for decision making at two key points-when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and from system demonstration into production .

The program manager should have proof-based on the exit criteria for moving out of system integration in the above recommendation-that the product design is stable .
the program manager should have proof-based on the exit [objectives] for moving out of system integration in the above recommendation-that the product design is stable .

The exit criteria should be demonstrated and verified by the program manager before the program can make the substantial investments needed to begin manufacturing production representative prototypes in the next phase of development-system demonstration .
the exit [objectives] should be demonstrated and verified by the program manager before the program can make the substantial investments needed to begin manufacturing production representative prototypes in the next phase of development-system demonstration .

To ensure visibility of demonstrated exit criteria to decision makers , the criteria and the program 's status in achieving them should be included in each program 's Defense Acquisition Executive Summary and Selected Acquisition Reports .
to ensure visibility of demonstrated exit [objectives] to decision makers , the [objectives] and the program 's status in achieving them should be included in each program 's defense acquisition executive summary and selected acquisition reports .

If the program does not meet the exit criteria , investments should be delayed until such time as the criteria are satisfied .
if the program does not meet the exit [objectives] , investments should be delayed until such time as the [objectives] are satisfied .

DOD concurred with our recommendation to add exit criteria at two key points in the acquisition process-when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and from system demonstration into production .
dod concurred with our recommendation to add exit [objectives] at two key points in the acquisition process-when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and from system demonstration into production .

It believes the criteria would be better applied to the full rate production decision or when low rate production quantities extend beyond 10 percent of the planned weapon system buy .
it believes the [objectives] would be better applied to the full rate production decision or when low rate production quantities extend beyond 10 percent of the planned weapon system buy .

These revisions established importation criteria for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in specified geographical locations .
these revisions established importation [objectives] for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in specified geographical locations .

Specifically incorporate the AICPA 's general standard on criteria for attestation engagements ( par .
specifically incorporate the aicpa 's general standard on [objectives] for attestation engagements ( par .

GAGAS incorporates the AICPA 's general standard on criteria , and the field work and reporting standards and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements , unless specifically excluded , as discussed in chapter 6 .
gagas incorporates the aicpa 's general standard on [objectives] , and the field work and reporting standards and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements , unless specifically excluded , as discussed in chapter 6 .

The auditor , in providing an independent report on whether an entity 's financial information is presented fairly in accordance with recognized criteria , informs users whether they can rely on the information .
the auditor , in providing an independent report on whether an entity 's financial information is presented fairly in accordance with recognized [objectives] , informs users whether they can rely on the information .

In an attestation engagement , auditors issue an examination , a review , or an agreed-upon procedures report on the subject matter or on an assertion about the subject matter , based on or in conformity with criteria , that is the responsibility of another party .
in an attestation engagement , auditors issue an examination , a review , or an agreed-upon procedures report on the subject matter or on an assertion about the subject matter , based on or in conformity with [objectives] , that is the responsibility of another party .

Performance audits provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of government programs against objective criteria or an assessment of best practices and other information .
performance audits provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of government programs against objective [objectives] or an assessment of best practices and other information .

An assertion is any declaration or set of declarations about whether the subject matter is based on or in conformity with the criteria selected .
an assertion is any declaration or set of declarations about whether the subject matter is based on or in conformity with the [objectives] selected .

PERFORMANCE AUDITS 2.8 A performance audit is an objective and systematic examination of evidence to provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of a program against objective criteria or an assessment of best practices and other information .
performance audits 2.8 a performance audit is an objective and systematic examination of evidence to provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of a program against objective [objectives] or an assessment of best practices and other information .

GAGAS incorporate the AICPA 's general attestation standard on criteria and all the AICPA 's field work and reporting attestation standards and the related SSAEs unless the Comptroller General of the United States excludes them by formal announcement .
gagas incorporate the aicpa 's general attestation standard on [objectives] and all the aicpa 's field work and reporting attestation standards and the related ssaes unless the comptroller general of the united states excludes them by formal announcement .

Similarly , when performing an attestation engagement , auditors should be knowledgeable in the AICPA 's general attestation standard related to criteria , and the AICPA 's attestation standards for field work and reporting and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements ( SSAEs ) , and should be competent in applying these standards and SSAEs to the task assigned .
similarly , when performing an attestation engagement , auditors should be knowledgeable in the aicpa 's general attestation standard related to [objectives] , and the aicpa 's attestation standards for field work and reporting and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements ( ssaes ) , and should be competent in applying these standards and ssaes to the task assigned .

Audits of financial statements include all services governed by the AICPA 's SASs for which the auditors are engaged to provide a level of assurance on the fair presentation of financial statements in accordance with a stated criteria .
audits of financial statements include all services governed by the aicpa 's sass for which the auditors are engaged to provide a level of assurance on the fair presentation of financial statements in accordance with a stated [objectives] .

At a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .
at a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , [objectives] , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .

At a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .
at a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , [objectives] , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .

Generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) incorporate for attestation engagements the AICPA 's general standard on criteria , its field work standards , and its reporting standards , as well as the AICPA Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements ( SSAEs ) , which interpret the attestation standards , unless the Comptroller General of the United States excludes them by formal announcement.2 This chapter identifies the AICPA 's general standard on criteria , 3 field work standards , and reporting standards and prescribes additional field work and reporting standards , as well as guidance , for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS .
generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) incorporate for attestation engagements the aicpa 's general standard on [objectives] , its field work standards , and its reporting standards , as well as the aicpa statements on standards for attestation engagements ( ssaes ) , which interpret the attestation standards , unless the comptroller general of the united states excludes them by formal announcement.2 this chapter identifies the aicpa 's general standard on [objectives] , 3 field work standards , and reporting standards and prescribes additional field work and reporting standards , as well as guidance , for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft AICPA GENERAL AND FIELD WORK STANDARDS FOR ATTESTATION ENGAGEMENTS 6.2 The AICPA 's general standard related to criteria states the following .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft aicpa general and field work standards for attestation engagements 6.2 the aicpa 's general standard related to [objectives] states the following .

The practitioner [ auditor ] shall perform an engagement only if he or she has reason to believe that the subject matter is capable of evaluation against criteria that are suitable and available to users .
the practitioner [ auditor ] shall perform an engagement only if he or she has reason to believe that the subject matter is capable of evaluation against [objectives] that are suitable and available to users .

Examination : Auditors perform sufficient testing to express an opinion whether the subject matter is based on ( or in conformity with ) the criteria in all material respects or the assertion is presented ( or fairly stated ) , in all material respects , based on the criteria .
examination : auditors perform sufficient testing to express an opinion whether the subject matter is based on ( or in conformity with ) the [objectives] in all material respects or the assertion is presented ( or fairly stated ) , in all material respects , based on the [objectives] .

Review : Auditors perform sufficient testing to express a conclusion whether any information came to the auditors ' attention on the basis of the work performed that indicates the subject matter is not based on ( or in conformity with ) the criteria or the assertion is not presented ( or fairly stated ) in all material respects based on the criteria .
review : auditors perform sufficient testing to express a conclusion whether any information came to the auditors ' attention on the basis of the work performed that indicates the subject matter is not based on ( or in conformity with ) the [objectives] or the assertion is not presented ( or fairly stated ) in all material respects based on the [objectives] .

The report shall state the practitioner 's [ auditors ' ] conclusions about the subject matter or the assertion in relation to the criteria against which the subject matter was evaluated .
the report shall state the practitioner 's [ auditors ' ] conclusions about the subject matter or the assertion in relation to the [objectives] against which the subject matter was evaluated .

At a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .
at a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , [objectives] , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .

Although AICPA standards require that a report on an engagement to evaluate an assertion that has been prepared on agreed-upon criteria or on an engagement to apply agreed-upon procedures should contain a statement limiting its use to the parties who have agreed upon such criteria or procedures , such a statement does not require that the report distribution be limited .
although aicpa standards require that a report on an engagement to evaluate an assertion that has been prepared on agreed-upon [objectives] or on an engagement to apply agreed-upon procedures should contain a statement limiting its use to the parties who have agreed upon such [objectives] or procedures , such a statement does not require that the report distribution be limited .

Auditors may use the stated program purpose and goals as criteria for assessing program performance or may develop additional criteria or best practices to compare the program with .
auditors may use the stated program purpose and goals as [objectives] for assessing program performance or may develop additional [objectives] or best practices to compare the program with .

This requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 Based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .
this requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) is one source of established [objectives] auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .

Criteria 7.21 Criteria are the standards , measures , expectations of what should exist , best practices , or benchmarks against which performance is compared or evaluated .
[objectives] 7.21 [objectives] are the standards , measures , expectations of what should exist , best practices , or benchmarks against which performance is compared or evaluated .

Criteria , one of the elements of a finding , provide a context for understanding the results of the audit .
[objectives] , one of the elements of a finding , provide a context for understanding the results of the audit .

The audit plan , where possible , should state the criteria to be used .
the audit plan , where possible , should state the [objectives] to be used .

In selecting criteria , auditors have a responsibility to use criteria that are reasonable , attainable , and relevant to the objectives of the performance audit .
in selecting [objectives] , auditors have a responsibility to use [objectives] that are reasonable , attainable , and relevant to the objectives of the performance audit .

The following are some examples of possible criteria :
the following are some examples of possible [objectives] :

Criteria are discussed in paragraph 7.21 , and the other elements of a finding -- condition , effect , and cause -- are discussed in the following paragraphs .
[objectives] are discussed in paragraph 7.21 , and the other elements of a finding -- condition , effect , and cause -- are discussed in the following paragraphs .

When the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria identified in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .
when the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the [objectives] identified in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .

This explanation should identify any significant assumptions made in conducting the audit ; describe any comparative techniques applied ; describe the criteria used ; and when sampling significantly supports auditors ' findings , describe the sample design and state why it was chosen , including whether the results can be projected to the intended population .
this explanation should identify any significant assumptions made in conducting the audit ; describe any comparative techniques applied ; describe the [objectives] used ; and when sampling significantly supports auditors ' findings , describe the sample design and state why it was chosen , including whether the results can be projected to the intended population .

Criteria : An audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .
[objectives] : an audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .

The criteria are easier to understand when stated fairly , explicitly , and completely , and the source of the criteria are identified in the audit report .
the [objectives] are easier to understand when stated fairly , explicitly , and completely , and the source of the [objectives] are identified in the audit report .

In reporting the cause , auditors may consider whether the evidence provides a reasonable and persuasive argument for why the stated cause is the key factor or factors contributing to the difference as opposed to other possible causes , such as poorly designed criteria or factors uncontrollable by program management .
in reporting the cause , auditors may consider whether the evidence provides a reasonable and persuasive argument for why the stated cause is the key factor or factors contributing to the difference as opposed to other possible causes , such as poorly designed [objectives] or factors uncontrollable by program management .

When auditors conclude significant abuse has or is likely to have occurred , they should also include 5 Common sources for criteria are laws , regulations , policy , procedures , best or standard practice , or assertions .
when auditors conclude significant abuse has or is likely to have occurred , they should also include 5 common sources for [objectives] are laws , regulations , policy , procedures , best or standard practice , or assertions .

The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) and Internal Control-Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO Report ) are two sources of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .
the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) and internal control-integrated framework , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ( coso report ) are two sources of established [objectives] auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .

Several organizations said that they had employed self-assessment tools , such as the Computer Security Institute 's `` Computer Security Compliance Test , '' to compare their organization 's programs to preestablished criteria .
several organizations said that they had employed self-assessment tools , such as the computer security institute 's `` computer security compliance test , '' to compare their organization 's programs to preestablished [objectives] .

Specifically , the government avoided an estimated $ 1.3 billion in payments for the 5year period ending in fiscal year 2000 through changes to the wealth , capital gains , and passive income tests for the Earned Income Tax Credit eligibility criteria .
specifically , the government avoided an estimated $ 1.3 billion in payments for the 5year period ending in fiscal year 2000 through changes to the wealth , capital gains , and passive income tests for the earned income tax credit eligibility [objectives] .

GAO recommended that the agency establish appropriate criteria for the condition of safety control components on passenger cars .
gao recommended that the agency establish appropriate [objectives] for the condition of safety control components on passenger cars .

Another organization had an official board that reviewed membership applications to determine whether the applicant and the applicant 's organization met established membership criteria .
another organization had an official board that reviewed membership applications to determine whether the applicant and the applicant 's organization met established membership [objectives] .

After initial discussions and further research , we narrowed our focus to 11 organizations that most closely met our criteria of being a recognized , competent information-sharing entity , primarily sharing sensitive or timecritical information pertaining to computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .
after initial discussions and further research , we narrowed our focus to 11 organizations that most closely met our [objectives] of being a recognized , competent information-sharing entity , primarily sharing sensitive or timecritical information pertaining to computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .

These OMB and GAO issuances establish the criteria and rules for assessing and reporting annually on the status of agency systems and controls .
these omb and gao issuances establish the [objectives] and rules for assessing and reporting annually on the status of agency systems and controls .

Adopting these criteria facilitates our evaluation of how well the electronic signature system addresses its threats and helps identify vulnerabilities that may be present in the system .
adopting these [objectives] facilitates our evaluation of how well the electronic signature system addresses its threats and helps identify vulnerabilities that may be present in the system .

We have also found these criteria useful since they are technology neutral ( can be used regardless of the technology used to produce the signature ) and allow for a variety of implementation methods , depending of the degree of risk associated with a given application .
we have also found these [objectives] useful since they are technology neutral ( can be used regardless of the technology used to produce the signature ) and allow for a variety of implementation methods , depending of the degree of risk associated with a given application .

When deciding on an electronic signature system for T & A data , agencies should identify and/or develop and document the criteria used in the selection of the signature system and how the criteria and the selected system complies with the GPEA definition of an electronic signature .
when deciding on an electronic signature system for t & a data , agencies should identify and/or develop and document the [objectives] used in the selection of the signature system and how the [objectives] and the selected system complies with the gpea definition of an electronic signature .

In addition , the agency 's risk assessment process ( as called for in the OMB guidance14 ) should disclose the risks considered that would prevent the system from successfully complying with the criteria selected by the agency .
in addition , the agency 's risk assessment process ( as called for in the omb guidance14 ) should disclose the risks considered that would prevent the system from successfully complying with the [objectives] selected by the agency .

Without developing the criteria that the system should meet and then effectively assessing the risks , agencies could adopt signature systems that will not provide the necessary data integrity.15 ( 922289 ) 14 See footnote 10 .
without developing the [objectives] that the system should meet and then effectively assessing the risks , agencies could adopt signature systems that will not provide the necessary data integrity.15 ( 922289 ) 14 see footnote 10 .

For blocks D , E. and F , the FCC has switched from the $ 40 million criteria to the under 1,500 employee category .
for blocks d , e. and f , the fcc has switched from the $ 40 million [objectives] to the under 1,500 employee category .

According to the FCC , there is no meaningful data as to the number of for-profit interconnected business service ( IBS ) licensees that are small business , although the Commission concludes that all of the current license holders are small based on the 1,500 employee SBA criteria .
according to the fcc , there is no meaningful data as to the number of for-profit interconnected business service ( ibs ) licensees that are small business , although the commission concludes that all of the current license holders are small based on the 1,500 employee sba [objectives] .

Building components are tested individually and then together with other components in order to measure and compare their performance against the original design criteria .
building components are tested individually and then together with other components in order to measure and compare their performance against the original design [objectives] .

The auditor can then measure the progress of the prototypes against the agency 's criteria .
the auditor can then measure the progress of the prototypes against the agency 's [objectives] .

Coordinate agreement for developing theevaluation and source selection plans and gain acceptance of the evaluation process and criteria .
coordinate agreement for developing theevaluation and source selection plans and gain acceptance of the evaluation process and [objectives] .

Review agency criteria ( regulations and procedures ) to determine the roles the agency assigns to users .
review agency [objectives] ( regulations and procedures ) to determine the roles the agency assigns to users .

Determine if the agency has developed test plansbased on acceptance criteria furnished or validated by the users .
determine if the agency has developed test plansbased on acceptance [objectives] furnished or validated by the users .

Review the benchmark plan to confirm that demonstration criteria are clearly stated .
review the benchmark plan to confirm that demonstration [objectives] are clearly stated .

Find out if there are any factors considered important for selecting an offer that are not included in the Page 47 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks evaluation criteria or if other included factors unfairly restrict the competition .
find out if there are any factors considered important for selecting an offer that are not included in the page 47 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks evaluation [objectives] or if other included factors unfairly restrict the competition .

All proposals must be evaluated in accordance with the criteria published in the RFP .
all proposals must be evaluated in accordance with the [objectives] published in the rfp .

If evaluation personnel strictly adhered to andapplied the publicized evaluation process and criteria in the solicitation .
if evaluation personnel strictly adhered to andapplied the publicized evaluation process and [objectives] in the solicitation .

Test plans provide testing procedures and the evaluation criteria to assess results of the testing .
test plans provide testing procedures and the evaluation [objectives] to assess results of the testing .

Determine whether criteria have been establishedfor certifying that security requirements are met .
determine whether [objectives] have been establishedfor certifying that security requirements are met .

Source Selection awarding a contract-proposal evaluation criteria , Plan evaluation methodology , evaluator 's responsibilities , and final selection procedures .
source selection awarding a contract-proposal evaluation [objectives] , plan evaluation methodology , evaluator 's responsibilities , and final selection procedures .

In addition , the protocols have been revised to recognize that in using these criteria , GAO will generally give an agency from 7 to 30 calendar days to comment on a report .
in addition , the protocols have been revised to recognize that in using these [objectives] , gao will generally give an agency from 7 to 30 calendar days to comment on a report .

Using these criteria , GAO will generally give an agency from 7 to 30 calendar days to comment on a report unless otherwise required by law .
using these [objectives] , gao will generally give an agency from 7 to 30 calendar days to comment on a report unless otherwise required by law .

A major portion of the analysis describes the steps the Commission took in attempting to determine the number of small entities affected by the rule based on GAO/OGC-96-37 various criteria , databases and Census Bureau information .
a major portion of the analysis describes the steps the commission took in attempting to determine the number of small entities affected by the rule based on gao/ogc-96-37 various [objectives] , databases and census bureau information .

The product of this exploratory case study was a briefing , with the study design choices described , including detailed research questions , outlines of data sources , significant variables , extant data bases , and site selection criteria .
the product of this exploratory case study was a briefing , with the study design choices described , including detailed research questions , outlines of data sources , significant variables , extant data bases , and site selection [objectives] .

However , case studies , like any other method GAO uses , have to meet two other criteria of impartiality : accuracy and lack of bias , in the sense that the evaluator 's personal , preconceived opinions about a situation do not distort reporting and that the evaluator is scrupulously evenhanded in examining all sides of a situation .
however , case studies , like any other method gao uses , have to meet two other [objectives] of impartiality : accuracy and lack of bias , in the sense that the evaluator 's personal , preconceived opinions about a situation do not distort reporting and that the evaluator is scrupulously evenhanded in examining all sides of a situation .

We have not stressed , in our analysis , the costs , feasibility , and timeliness of case studies , since these are management criteria that are considered in all designs rather than issues of particular concern to case studies .
we have not stressed , in our analysis , the costs , feasibility , and timeliness of case studies , since these are management [objectives] that are considered in all designs rather than issues of particular concern to case studies .

Evaluation Design Mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study Site selection More sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question Data collection Reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information Data analysis Insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites Reporting Quality and Evaluation Design : Planning Study stage Common pitfall We have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .
evaluation design mismatch between [objectives] for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study site selection more sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question data collection reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information data analysis insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites reporting quality and evaluation design : planning study stage common pitfall we have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .

Usually , sites for program effects case studies should be selected with great care for criteria such as whether there is evidence that the program has been implemented at the site , whether the site has been subjected to changes that could have the same effects as the program or that could mask its effects , and how the addition of this site to the group of sites being studied supports the generalizability of the findings .
usually , sites for program effects case studies should be selected with great care for [objectives] such as whether there is evidence that the program has been implemented at the site , whether the site has been subjected to changes that could have the same effects as the program or that could mask its effects , and how the addition of this site to the group of sites being studied supports the generalizability of the findings .

Methodologists who focus on case studies express their criteria of good research in different language , although they may deal with underlying concerns Page 87 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations similar to those of researchers from more experiment-oriented traditions .
methodologists who focus on case studies express their [objectives] of good research in different language , although they may deal with underlying concerns page 87 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations similar to those of researchers from more experiment-oriented traditions .

Some criteria , however , are seen as unique to case studies and qualitative approaches .
some [objectives] , however , are seen as unique to case studies and qualitative approaches .

Each of these criteria is associated , in the literature on case study methods , with performance standards such as triangulation believed useful in ensuring-if they are carried out-that the study will be a good one .
each of these [objectives] is associated , in the literature on case study methods , with performance standards such as triangulation believed useful in ensuring-if they are carried out-that the study will be a good one .

Guba , Egon G. `` Criteria for Assessing the Trustworthiness of Naturalistic Inquiries . ''
guba , egon g. `` [objectives] for assessing the trustworthiness of naturalistic inquiries . ''

Shapiro , E. `` Educational Evaluation : Rethinking the Criteria of Competence . ''
shapiro , e. `` educational evaluation : rethinking the [objectives] of competence . ''

For more information about the analytical framework for assessing Social Security reform proposals offered by GAO , see Social Security : Criteria for Evaluating Social Security Reform Proposals ( GAO/T-HEHS-99-94 , March 25 , 1999 ) and Social Security : Evaluating Reform Proposals ( GAO/AIMD/HEHS-00-29 , November 4 , 1999 ) .
for more information about the analytical framework for assessing social security reform proposals offered by gao , see social security : [objectives] for evaluating social security reform proposals ( gao/t-hehs-99-94 , march 25 , 1999 ) and social security : evaluating reform proposals ( gao/aimd/hehs-00-29 , november 4 , 1999 ) .

Social Security : Criteria for Evaluating Social Security Reform Proposals ( GAO/T-HEHS-99-94 , March 25 , 1999 ) .
social security : [objectives] for evaluating social security reform proposals ( gao/t-hehs-99-94 , march 25 , 1999 ) .

In contrast , federal CIO implementation is in more nascent stages , lacking criteria for matching CIO types with organizational needs .
in contrast , federal cio implementation is in more nascent stages , lacking [objectives] for matching cio types with organizational needs .

While there is no single template for doing so , senior executives in leading organizations apply consistent criteria in selecting their CIOs .
while there is no single template for doing so , senior executives in leading organizations apply consistent [objectives] in selecting their cios .

The weight that senior executives assign to each of these criteria in selecting a CIO depends on the information management leadership model and the needs of the enterprise .
the weight that senior executives assign to each of these [objectives] in selecting a cio depends on the information management leadership model and the needs of the enterprise .

The Committee intends that LSC consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal.11 Since implementation of the State Planning Initiative in 1998 , LSC has sought to apply a set of detailed criteria in making all decisions on whether a given service area arrangement is optimally configured to provide high-quality legal services to the greatest number of eligible low-income clients .
the committee intends that lsc consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal.11 since implementation of the state planning initiative in 1998 , lsc has sought to apply a set of detailed [objectives] in making all decisions on whether a given service area arrangement is optimally configured to provide high-quality legal services to the greatest number of eligible low-income clients .

These criteria were created to complement the goals of State Planning and to guide staff in evaluating the efficacy of service area plans submitted by recognized stakeholders in each state .
these [objectives] were created to complement the goals of state planning and to guide staff in evaluating the efficacy of service area plans submitted by recognized stakeholders in each state .

One specific area of consensus among Task Force members was that all LSC reconfiguration criteria should be codified into one document .
one specific area of consensus among task force members was that all lsc reconfiguration [objectives] should be codified into one document .

The 1995 Program Letters16 containing this directive also enumerated the issues and criteria that state planning should address .
the 1995 program letters16 containing this directive also enumerated the issues and [objectives] that state planning should address .

Program Letter 1995-4 provided a general outline as to the issues and criteria that the state planning process should address .
program letter 1995-4 provided a general outline as to the issues and [objectives] that the state planning process should address .

These early planning documents laid the foundation for what was to come in 1998 in that they began to set forth a vision for legal services delivery and enumerated the issues and criteria that state planning should address .
these early planning documents laid the foundation for what was to come in 1998 in that they began to set forth a vision for legal services delivery and enumerated the issues and [objectives] that state planning should address .

Program Letter 1995-4 provided a general outline as to the issues and criteria that the state planning process should address .
program letter 1995-4 provided a general outline as to the issues and [objectives] that the state planning process should address .

Computerized and web-based self-help programs make high quality information available to those who would be denied aid because of resource limitations and case acceptance criteria .
computerized and web-based self-help programs make high quality information available to those who would be denied aid because of resource limitations and case acceptance [objectives] .

Criteria and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the LSC Act and regulations , LSC Performance Criteria , American Bar Association ( ABA ) Standards for Programs Providing Civil Pro Bono Legal Services to Persons of Limited Means , and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor .
[objectives] and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the lsc act and regulations , lsc performance [objectives] , american bar association ( aba ) standards for programs providing civil pro bono legal services to persons of limited means , and aba standards for providers of civil legal services to the poor .

Eligibility for services is determined on a case-by-case basis pursuant to grantee eligibility criteria established under parameters set forth in LSC regulations .
eligibility for services is determined on a case-by-case basis pursuant to grantee eligibility [objectives] established under parameters set forth in lsc regulations .

As noted above , the LSC case count for 1999 includes all cases that meet LSC eligibility criteria , regardless of the funding mix of any particular grantee .
as noted above , the lsc case count for 1999 includes all cases that meet lsc eligibility [objectives] , regardless of the funding mix of any particular grantee .

LSC 's competition criteria have been refined to ensure that LSC recipients respond and adhere to performance standards that result in effective legal services for low-income people .
lsc 's competition [objectives] have been refined to ensure that lsc recipients respond and adhere to performance standards that result in effective legal services for low-income people .

Commitment : Performance standards will include criteria for ensuring that grantees have effective administrative systems in place and that clients receive quality assistance .
commitment : performance standards will include [objectives] for ensuring that grantees have effective administrative systems in place and that clients receive quality assistance .

They track , and are built on the LSC Performance Criteria and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor .
they track , and are built on the lsc performance [objectives] and aba standards for providers of civil legal services to the poor .

These standards shall guide the state planning process on reconfiguration and shall serve as the criteria for decisions of LSC .
these standards shall guide the state planning process on reconfiguration and shall serve as the [objectives] for decisions of lsc .

Water used for culturing and test dilution should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .
water used for culturing and test dilution should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability [objectives] for control survival and reproduction or growth .

Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
pesticide concentrations should not exceed usepa 's ambient water quality chronic [objectives] values where available .

If the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .
if the organisms fail to meet these [objectives] , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .

Water used for culturing and test dilution water should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .
water used for culturing and test dilution water should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability [objectives] for control survival and reproduction or growth .

Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's National Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
pesticide concentrations should not exceed usepa 's national ambient water quality chronic [objectives] values where available .

If these criteria are not met , the test must be repeated .
if these [objectives] are not met , the test must be repeated .

Represents the number of valid tests ( i.e. , those that met test acceptability criteria ) that were used in the analysis of precision .
represents the number of valid tests ( i.e. , those that met test acceptability [objectives] ) that were used in the analysis of precision .

If the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .
if the organisms fail to meet these [objectives] , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .

Four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see Summary of Test Conditions and Test Acceptability Criteria in the specific test method ) .
four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see summary of test conditions and test acceptability [objectives] in the specific test method ) .

Any test not meeting the minimum test acceptability criteria is considered invalid .
any test not meeting the minimum test acceptability [objectives] is considered invalid .

The test acceptability criteria , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .
the test acceptability [objectives] , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability [objectives] herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability [objectives] ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

VARIABILITY CRITERIA ( UPPER AND LOWER PMSD BOUNDS ) FOR SUBLETHAL HYPOTHESIS TESTING ENDPOINTS SUBMITTED UNDER NPDES PERMITS .
variability [objectives] ( upper and lower pmsd bounds ) for sublethal hypothesis testing endpoints submitted under npdes permits .

Four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see Summary of Test Conditions and Test Acceptability Criteria in the specific test method ) .
four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see summary of test conditions and test acceptability [objectives] in the specific test method ) .

Any test not meeting the minimum test acceptability criteria is considered invalid .
any test not meeting the minimum test acceptability [objectives] is considered invalid .

The test acceptability criteria , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .
the test acceptability [objectives] , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability [objectives] herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability [objectives] ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

VARIABILITY CRITERIA ( UPPER AND LOWER PMSD BOUNDS ) FOR SUBLETHAL HYPOTHESIS TESTING ENDPOINTS SUBMITTED UNDER NPDES PERMITS .
variability [objectives] ( upper and lower pmsd bounds ) for sublethal hypothesis testing endpoints submitted under npdes permits .

He proposed the use of partial life cycle toxicity tests with the early life stages ( ELS ) of fish to establish water quality criteria .
he proposed the use of partial life cycle toxicity tests with the early life stages ( els ) of fish to establish water quality [objectives] .

In 1980 , USEPA adopted the policy that ELS test data could be used in establishing water quality criteria if data from full life-cycle tests were not available ( USEPA , 1980a ) .
in 1980 , usepa adopted the policy that els test data could be used in establishing water quality [objectives] if data from full life-cycle tests were not available ( usepa , 1980a ) .

Description of Benefits Modeling • The Criteria Air Pollutant Modeling System ( CAPMS ) is used to quantify human health benefits due to the changes in a population 's exposure to fine particulate matter and ozone .
description of benefits modeling • the [objectives] air pollutant modeling system ( capms ) is used to quantify human health benefits due to the changes in a population 's exposure to fine particulate matter and ozone .

This includes a system dispatch routine that allows the retirement and the dispatch of units on the basis of traditional cost criteria as well as the impact of various permit prices on operating costs .
this includes a system dispatch routine that allows the retirement and the dispatch of units on the basis of traditional cost [objectives] as well as the impact of various permit prices on operating costs .

Section 410 establishes criteria and the process by which the Administrator reviews and makes recommendations to Congress as to whether the limitations on the total amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 for sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury ( whether through allocation or auction ) should be adjusted .
section 410 establishes [objectives] and the process by which the administrator reviews and makes recommendations to congress as to whether the limitations on the total amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 for sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury ( whether through allocation or auction ) should be adjusted .

Applicable Implementation Plan Section 463 requires implementation of the requirements of the NOx SIP call beginning in 2004 including requirements contained in a proposed rulemaking by EPA concerning : the amounts of the State trading budgets ; the criteria for classifying cogeneration units as EGUs and non-EGUs ; and the treatment of States that are only partially in the NOx SIP call area .
applicable implementation plan section 463 requires implementation of the requirements of the nox sip call beginning in 2004 including requirements contained in a proposed rulemaking by epa concerning : the amounts of the state trading budgets ; the [objectives] for classifying cogeneration units as egus and non-egus ; and the treatment of states that are only partially in the nox sip call area .

He proposed the use of partial life-cycle toxicity tests with the early life-stages ( ELS ) of fish to establish water quality criteria .
he proposed the use of partial life-cycle toxicity tests with the early life-stages ( els ) of fish to establish water quality [objectives] .

Water used for culturing and test dilution should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .
water used for culturing and test dilution should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability [objectives] for control survival and reproduction or growth .

Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
pesticide concentrations should not exceed usepa 's ambient water quality chronic [objectives] values where available .

If these criteria are not met , the test must be repeated .
if these [objectives] are not met , the test must be repeated .

Represents the number of valid tests ( i.e. , those that met test acceptability criteria ) that were used in the analysis of precision .
represents the number of valid tests ( i.e. , those that met test acceptability [objectives] ) that were used in the analysis of precision .

If the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .
if the organisms fail to meet these [objectives] , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .

EPA is summarizing all new information in the ongoing review of the particulate matter standard in a `` criteria document '' that will undergo extensive peer and public review .
epa is summarizing all new information in the ongoing review of the particulate matter standard in a `` [objectives] document '' that will undergo extensive peer and public review .

For criteria pollutants , the 1996 National Emissions Inventory ( NEI ) used for the Heavy Duty Diesel vehicle rulemaking was used .
for [objectives] pollutants , the 1996 national emissions inventory ( nei ) used for the heavy duty diesel vehicle rulemaking was used .

The model , which was developed for EPA by ICF Resources , Inc. , selects investment strategies given the cost and performance characteristics of available options , forecasts of customer demand for electricity , and reliability criteria .
the model , which was developed for epa by icf resources , inc. , selects investment strategies given the cost and performance characteristics of available options , forecasts of customer demand for electricity , and reliability [objectives] .

The model we use to generate these estimates is the Criteria Air Pollutant Modeling System ( CAPMS ) .
the model we use to generate these estimates is the [objectives] air pollutant modeling system ( capms ) .

We evaluated studies using the nine selection criteria summarized in Exhibit 7 .
we evaluated studies using the nine selection [objectives] summarized in exhibit 7 .

These criteria include consideration of whether the study was peer-reviewed , the study design and location , and characteristics of the study population , among other considerations .
these [objectives] include consideration of whether the study was peer-reviewed , the study design and location , and characteristics of the study population , among other considerations .

As discussed in HEI materials provided to sponsors and to the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee ( Greenbaum , 2002a , 2002b ) , these investigators found problems in the default `` convergence criteria '' used in Generalized Additive Models ( GAM ) and a separate issue first identified by Canadian investigators about the potential to underestimate standard errors in the same statistical package.11 These and other investigators have begun to reanalyze the results of several important time series studies with alternative approaches that address these issues and have found a downward revision of some results .
as discussed in hei materials provided to sponsors and to the clean air scientific advisory committee ( greenbaum , 2002a , 2002b ) , these investigators found problems in the default `` convergence [objectives] '' used in generalized additive models ( gam ) and a separate issue first identified by canadian investigators about the potential to underestimate standard errors in the same statistical package.11 these and other investigators have begun to reanalyze the results of several important time series studies with alternative approaches that address these issues and have found a downward revision of some results .

The approach and set of selected studies mirrors that of Viscusi ( 1992 ) ( with the addition of two studies ) , and uses the same criteria as Viscusi in his review of value-of-life studies .
the approach and set of selected studies mirrors that of viscusi ( 1992 ) ( with the addition of two studies ) , and uses the same [objectives] as viscusi in his review of value-of-life studies .

Agricultural Benefits The Ozone Criteria Document notes that `` ozone affects vegetation throughout the United States , impairing crops , native vegetation , and ecosystems more than any other air pollutant '' ( US EPA , 1996 ) .
agricultural benefits the ozone [objectives] document notes that `` ozone affects vegetation throughout the united states , impairing crops , native vegetation , and ecosystems more than any other air pollutant '' ( us epa , 1996 ) .

Much of this literature is summarized in the 1996 PM Criteria Document ( US EPA , 1996a ) .
much of this literature is summarized in the 1996 pm [objectives] document ( us epa , 1996a ) .

We finally obtain 12,000 unit costs in 12,000 areas.20 The subareas are then ranked on the criteria of increasing unit costs .
we finally obtain 12,000 unit costs in 12,000 areas.20 the subareas are then ranked on the [objectives] of increasing unit costs .

Sections 3622 and 3623 similarly specify fairness and equity , together with other criteria , as considerations to be observed in making rate and mail classification changes .
sections 3622 and 3623 similarly specify fairness and equity , together with other [objectives] , as considerations to be observed in making rate and mail classification changes .

Without public scrutiny and review of the terms of a given rate or service agreement between the Postal Service and a customer , there could be no assurance that these substantive criteria would be satisfied .
without public scrutiny and review of the terms of a given rate or service agreement between the postal service and a customer , there could be no assurance that these substantive [objectives] would be satisfied .

According to the procedures in place on 9/11 , in addition to those flagged by the CAPPS algorithm , American 's ticket agents were to mark as `` selectees '' those passengers who did not provide correct responses to the required security questions , failed to show proper identification , or met other criteria .
according to the procedures in place on 9/11 , in addition to those flagged by the capps algorithm , american 's ticket agents were to mark as `` selectees '' those passengers who did not provide correct responses to the required security questions , failed to show proper identification , or met other [objectives] .

Large areas scattered around the world meet these criteria .
large areas scattered around the world meet these [objectives] .

How much money should be set aside for criteria not directly related to risk ?
how much money should be set aside for [objectives] not directly related to risk ?

The second question is , Can useful criteria to measure risk and vulnerability be developed that assess all the many variables ?
the second question is , can useful [objectives] to measure risk and vulnerability be developed that assess all the many variables ?

In addition , the federal government should require each state receiving federal emergency preparedness funds to provide an analysis based on the same criteria to justify the distribution of funds in that state .
in addition , the federal government should require each state receiving federal emergency preparedness funds to provide an analysis based on the same [objectives] to justify the distribution of funds in that state .

Based on the existing American National Standard on Disaster/Emergency Management and Business Continuity Programs ( NFPA 1600 ) , the proposed National Preparedness Standard establishes a common set of criteria and terminology for preparedness , disaster management , emergency management , and business continuity programs .
based on the existing american national standard on disaster/emergency management and business continuity programs ( nfpa 1600 ) , the proposed national preparedness standard establishes a common set of [objectives] and terminology for preparedness , disaster management , emergency management , and business continuity programs .

Exclusion criteria included pregnancy , unstable cardiopulmonary disease , airway cancers , and recent upper respiratory tract surgery .
exclusion [objectives] included pregnancy , unstable cardiopulmonary disease , airway cancers , and recent upper respiratory tract surgery .

Each 30-s interval of the polysomnographic record was scored for sleep stage and SDB using standard criteria [ 14 ] .
each 30-s interval of the polysomnographic record was scored for sleep stage and sdb using standard [objectives] [ 14 ] .

One study found that , of 127 cancer protocols sponsored by pharmaceutical companies that met criteria for inclusion , only 48 % were in fact submitted to the registry [ 5 ] .
one study found that , of 127 cancer protocols sponsored by pharmaceutical companies that met [objectives] for inclusion , only 48 % were in fact submitted to the registry [ 5 ] .

Resource allocation decisions can be made on the basis of many different epidemiological , ethical , or preferential treatment priority criteria .
resource allocation decisions can be made on the basis of many different epidemiological , ethical , or preferential treatment priority [objectives] .

The allocation decisions that we make here are based on ethical criteria , and not on epidemiological or preferential treatment priority criteria .
the allocation decisions that we make here are based on ethical [objectives] , and not on epidemiological or preferential treatment priority [objectives] .

Treatment priority decisions for individuals could be based on many different criteria , including disease progression ( CD4 cell counts and viral load ) , socioeconomic status , ethnicity , and who is thought to have the greatest risk of transmitting infections ( for example , pregnant women with HIV or female sex workers ) .
treatment priority decisions for individuals could be based on many different [objectives] , including disease progression ( cd4 cell counts and viral load ) , socioeconomic status , ethnicity , and who is thought to have the greatest risk of transmitting infections ( for example , pregnant women with hiv or female sex workers ) .

In a rights framework , “ mental health needs ” are not analyzed ( as they are in many studies ) in terms of the application of given diagnostic criteria in isolation from the social context that leads to use of the mental health sector , and mentally disabled persons are treated as more than patients who need services [ 7,8 ] .
in a rights framework , “ mental health needs ” are not analyzed ( as they are in many studies ) in terms of the application of given diagnostic [objectives] in isolation from the social context that leads to use of the mental health sector , and mentally disabled persons are treated as more than patients who need services [ 7,8 ] .

The study addressed the potential for repeated interruptions of therapy to delay time to viral rebound as a primary outcome and analyzed secondary outcomes regarding study-defined safety criteria , viral suppression and resistance , and retention of immune reconstitution .
the study addressed the potential for repeated interruptions of therapy to delay time to viral rebound as a primary outcome and analyzed secondary outcomes regarding study-defined safety [objectives] , viral suppression and resistance , and retention of immune reconstitution .

Methods Participants Between August 2000 and December 2003 , we enrolled 42 patients infected with HIV who were older than 18 y and on ART ; eligibility criteria included CD4 counts of greater than 400 cells/μl on ART with a nadir of no less than 100 cells/μl , ART-mediated suppression ( < 500 copies/ml ) for more than 6 mo and less than 50 copies/ml at recruitment on any antiretroviral regimen .
methods participants between august 2000 and december 2003 , we enrolled 42 patients infected with hiv who were older than 18 y and on art ; eligibility [objectives] included cd4 counts of greater than 400 cells/μl on art with a nadir of no less than 100 cells/μl , art-mediated suppression ( < 500 copies/ml ) for more than 6 mo and less than 50 copies/ml at recruitment on any antiretroviral regimen .

Randomization and Study Design Forty-two eligible patients from the Jonathan Lax Immune Disorder Clinic in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , were randomized via sealed envelopes in a 1:1 fashion to a first phase ( phase I ) of either ( 1 ) three successive TIs of 2 , 4 , and 6 wk , respectively , or ( 2 ) maintenance of ART for 40 wk before a final interruption of therapy in both arms ( phase II ) subject to therapy reinitiation criteria as described below .
randomization and study design forty-two eligible patients from the jonathan lax immune disorder clinic in philadelphia , pennsylvania , were randomized via sealed envelopes in a 1:1 fashion to a first phase ( phase i ) of either ( 1 ) three successive tis of 2 , 4 , and 6 wk , respectively , or ( 2 ) maintenance of art for 40 wk before a final interruption of therapy in both arms ( phase ii ) subject to therapy reinitiation [objectives] as described below .

Phase II procedures for both arms included the following : ( 1 ) monitoring for patient study withdrawal criteria as described in phase I , ( 2 ) determining time to primary end point of a viral load greater than 5,000 copies/ml , ( 3 ) monitoring until the time of therapy reinitiation at a viral load greater than 30,000 copies/ml for three consecutive time points , and ( 4 ) after reinitiation of therapy , follow-up on therapy to confirm resuppression to less than 50 copies/ml at 6 , 10 , and 14 wk on therapy .
phase ii procedures for both arms included the following : ( 1 ) monitoring for patient study withdrawal [objectives] as described in phase i , ( 2 ) determining time to primary end point of a viral load greater than 5,000 copies/ml , ( 3 ) monitoring until the time of therapy reinitiation at a viral load greater than 30,000 copies/ml for three consecutive time points , and ( 4 ) after reinitiation of therapy , follow-up on therapy to confirm resuppression to less than 50 copies/ml at 6 , 10 , and 14 wk on therapy .

Viral replication magnitude as defined by mean HIV-1 plasma RNA area under the curve ( AUC HIV RNA ) was measured as a secondary outcome at weeks 12 and 20 of phase II based on reinitiation-of-therapy criteria outlined above .
viral replication magnitude as defined by mean hiv-1 plasma rna area under the curve ( auc hiv rna ) was measured as a secondary outcome at weeks 12 and 20 of phase ii based on reinitiation-of-therapy [objectives] outlined above .

Additional secondary outcomes included ( 1 ) safety outcomes ( serious adverse events [ SAEs ] and patient withdrawal based on criteria defined above ) , ( 2 ) retention of ART-mediated immune reconstitution , and ( 3 ) detection of viral resistance .
additional secondary outcomes included ( 1 ) safety outcomes ( serious adverse events [ saes ] and patient withdrawal based on [objectives] defined above ) , ( 2 ) retention of art-mediated immune reconstitution , and ( 3 ) detection of viral resistance .

Baseline Criteria and Follow-Up The demographic and clinical characteristics of the two groups at baseline are summarized in Table 1 .
baseline [objectives] and follow-up the demographic and clinical characteristics of the two groups at baseline are summarized in table 1 .

Study-defined criteria for therapy failure of a previously suppressive regimen were met by 4/21 patients in the continuous therapy/single interruption arm ( patients S37 , S47 , S52 , and S59 ) in association with self-reported nonadherence to therapy and detection of resistance mutations in phase I , as listed in Table 2 .
study-defined [objectives] for therapy failure of a previously suppressive regimen were met by 4/21 patients in the continuous therapy/single interruption arm ( patients s37 , s47 , s52 , and s59 ) in association with self-reported nonadherence to therapy and detection of resistance mutations in phase i , as listed in table 2 .

Discussion Earlier reports on TI strategies in patients with chronic HIV infection include multiple pilot or single-arm study designs centered on the effects on viral control by comparison with pre-therapy periods , detection of resistance mutations without parallel follow-up of a continuously treated arm , and inclusion of variable criteria regarding viral resuppression before proceeding with repeated TIs [ 11,12,14,16 ] .
discussion earlier reports on ti strategies in patients with chronic hiv infection include multiple pilot or single-arm study designs centered on the effects on viral control by comparison with pre-therapy periods , detection of resistance mutations without parallel follow-up of a continuously treated arm , and inclusion of variable [objectives] regarding viral resuppression before proceeding with repeated tis [ 11,12,14,16 ] .

Imaging studies were assessed by a single reference radiologist ( R. T. H. ) , who graded responses according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors ( RECIST ) [ 10 ] .
imaging studies were assessed by a single reference radiologist ( r. t. h. ) , who graded responses according to response evaluation [objectives] in solid tumors ( recist ) [ 10 ] .

However , this individual had radiographic lesions ( pleural and bone metastases ) that were deemed nonmeasurable by RECIST criteria .
however , this individual had radiographic lesions ( pleural and bone metastases ) that were deemed nonmeasurable by recist [objectives] .

This issue of PLoS Biology contains two “ human ” studies that met our criteria for excellence and originality , a paper by Howard Chang and colleagues ( found at DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020007 ) on the microarray analysis of tumors and one by Sarah Rowland-Jones and coworkers ( found at DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020020 ) that examines how HIV exhausts the capacity of the immune system .
this issue of plos biology contains two “ human ” studies that met our [objectives] for excellence and originality , a paper by howard chang and colleagues ( found at doi : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020007 ) on the microarray analysis of tumors and one by sarah rowland-jones and coworkers ( found at doi : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020020 ) that examines how hiv exhausts the capacity of the immune system .

Such size criteria , however , have been shown to be unreliable [ 13 ] .
such size [objectives] , however , have been shown to be unreliable [ 13 ] .

Traditional analysis has been based on a reader 's identification of certain structural abnormalities that can be variable , given differences in acquisition parameters and interpretation criteria [ 19,20,21 ] .
traditional analysis has been based on a reader 's identification of certain structural abnormalities that can be variable , given differences in acquisition parameters and interpretation [objectives] [ 19,20,21 ] .

Comparative visual analysis included short axis measurements , and identification of heterogeneity , large focal defects , and central hyperintensity , according to criteria previously established [ 12,17 ] .
comparative visual analysis included short axis measurements , and identification of heterogeneity , large focal defects , and central hyperintensity , according to [objectives] previously established [ 12,17 ] .

Test Dataset To determine whether feature extraction would be accurate for prospective nodal staging , we utilized the above criteria against a larger test dataset encompassing 216 validated lymph nodes from 34 patients , including different primaries ( see Table 1 ) .
test dataset to determine whether feature extraction would be accurate for prospective nodal staging , we utilized the above [objectives] against a larger test dataset encompassing 216 validated lymph nodes from 34 patients , including different primaries ( see table 1 ) .

Combined T2* and pixel variance analysis achieved a sensitivity of 98 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 88 % –99 % ) and a specificity of 92 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 87 % –96 % ) comparable to that of the learning set and much superior to currently used size criteria .
combined t2* and pixel variance analysis achieved a sensitivity of 98 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 88 % –99 % ) and a specificity of 92 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 87 % –96 % ) comparable to that of the learning set and much superior to currently used size [objectives] .

For example , detection sensitivities using size criteria with state-of-the-art multislice CT are as low as 50 % , whereas PET imaging of nonenlarged nodes has equally low sensitivities [ 14 ] .
for example , detection sensitivities using size [objectives] with state-of-the-art multislice ct are as low as 50 % , whereas pet imaging of nonenlarged nodes has equally low sensitivities [ 14 ] .

One of the difficulties with alchemy and this new age of cardiac myocyte biology is related to defining a rigorous set of criteria that allow one to make the claim that the cell type of interest is truly a cardiac progenitor or stem cell and is acquiring a fully differentiated phenotype [ 4 ] .
one of the difficulties with alchemy and this new age of cardiac myocyte biology is related to defining a rigorous set of [objectives] that allow one to make the claim that the cell type of interest is truly a cardiac progenitor or stem cell and is acquiring a fully differentiated phenotype [ 4 ] .

In surveying the growing number of studies and claims of new cells that can acquire some type of heart cell phenotype in vitro or in vivo ( for a review see [ 6 ] ) , it will become increasingly important to create a set of rigorous criteria that would distinguish between the following : authentic progenitor cells that are already committed to the cardiac lineage ; pluripotent stem cells that can infrequently adopt the cardiac phenotype ; phenotypic drift of other muscle progenitors with an increased propensity to enter cardiac lineages ; and a variety of other cell types that can aberrantly express cardiac markers ectopically or by fusion with neighboring cardiac muscle cells .
in surveying the growing number of studies and claims of new cells that can acquire some type of heart cell phenotype in vitro or in vivo ( for a review see [ 6 ] ) , it will become increasingly important to create a set of rigorous [objectives] that would distinguish between the following : authentic progenitor cells that are already committed to the cardiac lineage ; pluripotent stem cells that can infrequently adopt the cardiac phenotype ; phenotypic drift of other muscle progenitors with an increased propensity to enter cardiac lineages ; and a variety of other cell types that can aberrantly express cardiac markers ectopically or by fusion with neighboring cardiac muscle cells .

STIs Entry criteria included treatment with HAART before or shortly after HIV-1 seroconversion , viral suppression on HAART to less than 400 RNA copies/ml for 2 mo , HIV-1 viral load at the time of entry into the study of less than 50 RNA copies/ml , and lack of significant mutations conferring drug resistance [ 11,12 ] .
stis entry [objectives] included treatment with haart before or shortly after hiv-1 seroconversion , viral suppression on haart to less than 400 rna copies/ml for 2 mo , hiv-1 viral load at the time of entry into the study of less than 50 rna copies/ml , and lack of significant mutations conferring drug resistance [ 11,12 ] .

Patients who were still controlling viremia at the time of last visit , who failed because they restarted therapy without meeting the criteria of virologic failure , or who were lost in follow-up were included in the analyses , but the data were censored at the last evaluable time point .
patients who were still controlling viremia at the time of last visit , who failed because they restarted therapy without meeting the [objectives] of virologic failure , or who were lost in follow-up were included in the analyses , but the data were censored at the last evaluable time point .

For purposes of analysis , patients who dropped out of the study or who reinitiated therapy without meeting criteria were considered to have lost the ability to contain viremia .
for purposes of analysis , patients who dropped out of the study or who reinitiated therapy without meeting [objectives] were considered to have lost the ability to contain viremia .

Using these criteria for reinitiation of therapy and to define failure , 11 of 14 patients ( 79 % ) were able to achieve virologic control to less than 5,000 RNA copies/ml plasma for at least 90 d after one , two , or three treatment interruptions ( Table 2 ) .
using these [objectives] for reinitiation of therapy and to define failure , 11 of 14 patients ( 79 % ) were able to achieve virologic control to less than 5,000 rna copies/ml plasma for at least 90 d after one , two , or three treatment interruptions ( table 2 ) .

Of the three patients who did not meet viral load criteria for restarting therapy for more than 2 y , one ( AC-02 ) had an increasing CD4+ T cell count of 157 cells/mm 3 /y , one ( AC-10 ) had a stable CD4+ T cell count ( −9 cells/mm 3 /y ) , and one ( AC-14 ) experienced a decline of 344 cells/mm 3 /y .
of the three patients who did not meet viral load [objectives] for restarting therapy for more than 2 y , one ( ac-02 ) had an increasing cd4+ t cell count of 157 cells/mm 3 /y , one ( ac-10 ) had a stable cd4+ t cell count ( −9 cells/mm 3 /y ) , and one ( ac-14 ) experienced a decline of 344 cells/mm 3 /y .

However , the magnitude of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cell responses at the beginning of the first ( r = 0.01 , p = 0.76 ) , second ( r = 0.16 , p = 0.54 ) , or third ( r = 0.1 , p = 0.55 ) treatment interruptions was not predictive of the time the study participants were subsequently able to stay off therapy according to study criteria .
however , the magnitude of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cell responses at the beginning of the first ( r = 0.01 , p = 0.76 ) , second ( r = 0.16 , p = 0.54 ) , or third ( r = 0.1 , p = 0.55 ) treatment interruptions was not predictive of the time the study participants were subsequently able to stay off therapy according to study [objectives] .

Cd8+ T cell responses prior to treatment interruptions were not significantly predictive of the duration of time that patients are able to spontaneously control HIV-1 replication , as defined by the study criteria .
cd8+ t cell responses prior to treatment interruptions were not significantly predictive of the duration of time that patients are able to spontaneously control hiv-1 replication , as defined by the study [objectives] .

Similar to CD8+ T cell responses , the magnitude of HIV-1-specific CD4+ T helper cell responses at the beginning of the first ( r = 0.05 , p = 0.43 ) ( Figure 3F ) , second ( r = 0.16 , p = 0.54 ) , or third ( r = 0.1 , p = 0.55 ) treatment interruption was not statistically predictive of the time the study participants were subsequently able to stay off therapy according to study criteria .
similar to cd8+ t cell responses , the magnitude of hiv-1-specific cd4+ t helper cell responses at the beginning of the first ( r = 0.05 , p = 0.43 ) ( figure 3f ) , second ( r = 0.16 , p = 0.54 ) , or third ( r = 0.1 , p = 0.55 ) treatment interruption was not statistically predictive of the time the study participants were subsequently able to stay off therapy according to study [objectives] .

COPD was diagnosed according to the criteria recommended by the National Institutes of Health/World Health Organization workshop summary [ 31 ] .
copd was diagnosed according to the [objectives] recommended by the national institutes of health/world health organization workshop summary [ 31 ] .

This patient meets the diagnostic criteria for the metabolic syndrome as defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III guidelines [ 1 ] .
this patient meets the diagnostic [objectives] for the metabolic syndrome as defined by the national cholesterol education program adult treatment panel iii guidelines [ 1 ] .

Any three or more of the criteria make this diagnosis ( see Table 1 ) .
any three or more of the [objectives] make this diagnosis ( see table 1 ) .

There are three criteria for the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes as defined by the American Diabetes Association ( ADA ) , of which any one is sufficient to make the diagnosis ( see Box 1 ) .
there are three [objectives] for the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes as defined by the american diabetes association ( ada ) , of which any one is sufficient to make the diagnosis ( see box 1 ) .

This patient meets the criteria for type 2 diabetes .
this patient meets the [objectives] for type 2 diabetes .

This syndrome is characterized not only by the criteria given in Table 1 , but also by a state of compensatory hyperinsulinemia [ 14 ] .
this syndrome is characterized not only by the [objectives] given in table 1 , but also by a state of compensatory hyperinsulinemia [ 14 ] .

A list of “ authenticity criteria ” emerged during the 1990s , aimed at preventing similarly bogus claims from entering the literature [ 2 ] .
a list of “ authenticity [objectives] ” emerged during the 1990s , aimed at preventing similarly bogus claims from entering the literature [ 2 ] .

Ongoing Controversy However , in spite of the authenticity criteria and this transition towards testing the big questions in evolutionary biology , aDNA research continues to invite controversy .
ongoing controversy however , in spite of the authenticity [objectives] and this transition towards testing the big questions in evolutionary biology , adna research continues to invite controversy .

Sticking rigidly to the authenticity criteria can be a problem , argues Tom Gilbert of the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at the University of Arizona .
sticking rigidly to the authenticity [objectives] can be a problem , argues tom gilbert of the department of ecology and evolutionary biology at the university of arizona .

Part of the problem is that many referees of aDNA papers do not have a background working with aDNA , so are inclined to use the authenticity criteria as a checklist rather than critically evaluating each bit of research on a case-by-case basis .
part of the problem is that many referees of adna papers do not have a background working with adna , so are inclined to use the authenticity [objectives] as a checklist rather than critically evaluating each bit of research on a case-by-case basis .

For example , he says , a recent high-profile study that followed all the criteria found that aDNA from two Cro-Magnon-type humans was very similar to DNA from modern humans [ 10 ] .
for example , he says , a recent high-profile study that followed all the [objectives] found that adna from two cro-magnon-type humans was very similar to dna from modern humans [ 10 ] .

Such papers will continue to appear as long as the authenticity criteria are used by authors and referees as a checklist , he says .
such papers will continue to appear as long as the authenticity [objectives] are used by authors and referees as a checklist , he says .

This does not mean the criteria should be relaxed , he adds , but they should be used in a more intelligent way .
this does not mean the [objectives] should be relaxed , he adds , but they should be used in a more intelligent way .

Allowing authors the freedom to use the criteria as they see fit could come at a cost , says Cooper .
allowing authors the freedom to use the [objectives] as they see fit could come at a cost , says cooper .

Eligibility criteria included age 18 y or older , creatinine of less than 180 μmol/l , bilirubin of less than 110 μmol/l , platelet count of 100 × 10 9 /l or more , hemoglobin of 90 g/l or more , and total white blood cell count of 3.0 × 10 9 /l or greater .
eligibility [objectives] included age 18 y or older , creatinine of less than 180 μmol/l , bilirubin of less than 110 μmol/l , platelet count of 100 × 10 9 /l or more , hemoglobin of 90 g/l or more , and total white blood cell count of 3.0 × 10 9 /l or greater .

Carotid ultrasound meets all these criteria and should be used to screen everyone early on who is at any increased risk by measure of the expanded risk factors noted above .
carotid ultrasound meets all these [objectives] and should be used to screen everyone early on who is at any increased risk by measure of the expanded risk factors noted above .

We must attack atherosclerosis at the very onset , not wait until it is “ high risk. ” All previous approaches were designed to detect those at allegedly higher risk by various criteria .
we must attack atherosclerosis at the very onset , not wait until it is “ high risk. ” all previous approaches were designed to detect those at allegedly higher risk by various [objectives] .

If a clinical trial report meets our criteria for originality , importance , and quality , it makes little sense for us to reject it just because the authors failed to systematically review the literature when designing their study .
if a clinical trial report meets our [objectives] for originality , importance , and quality , it makes little sense for us to reject it just because the authors failed to systematically review the literature when designing their study .

Large grants should be provided , on the basis of well-defined criteria , to only the strongest labs doing the best research .
large grants should be provided , on the basis of well-defined [objectives] , to only the strongest labs doing the best research .

However , when asked , she could not clearly articulate the choices she had made in posing and photographing her subjects , could not give dimensions to the criteria she was using .
however , when asked , she could not clearly articulate the choices she had made in posing and photographing her subjects , could not give dimensions to the [objectives] she was using .

In contrast , DNA as a molecular system fulfills all the aforementioned criteria .
in contrast , dna as a molecular system fulfills all the aforementioned [objectives] .

Are there criteria for membership in the club ?
are there [objectives] for membership in the club ?

Clinton issued five criteria for judging Baghdad 's compliance .
clinton issued five [objectives] for judging baghdad 's compliance .

A third approach is to accept flip-flops as part of life and get on with designing a voting system that meets other reasonable criteria .
a third approach is to accept flip-flops as part of life and get on with designing a voting system that meets other reasonable [objectives] .

Clinton 's family issues ignore these distinctions and instead discriminate by other demographic criteria that are equally politically useful .
clinton 's family issues ignore these distinctions and instead discriminate by other demographic [objectives] that are equally politically useful .

My own view is that the Friedman plan fails even by its own strictly economic criteria , because it creates an incentive for people to avoid high-accident areas and take inefficiently long routes to wherever they 're going -- or to cancel their trips entirely .
my own view is that the friedman plan fails even by its own strictly economic [objectives] , because it creates an incentive for people to avoid high-accident areas and take inefficiently long routes to wherever they 're going -- or to cancel their trips entirely .

In any case , when it comes to the CEO market in particular , it 's difficult to decide what constitutes `` rationality '' because the selection process is so personalized and because the criteria for what constitutes a great CEO are so ill-defined .
in any case , when it comes to the ceo market in particular , it 's difficult to decide what constitutes `` rationality '' because the selection process is so personalized and because the [objectives] for what constitutes a great ceo are so ill-defined .

Obviously , Gawande is employing other criteria to make that distinction .
obviously , gawande is employing other [objectives] to make that distinction .

The funds in that foundation were given by the donors themselves , so they meet our criteria as gifts from living individual Americans .
the funds in that foundation were given by the donors themselves , so they meet our [objectives] as gifts from living individual americans .

It seems to me absurd to try and read an image like The Holy Virgin Mary 1996 in purely formal terms , because it would be to apply aesthetic criteria and art-historical comparisons to a work that draws its power primarily from iconoclasm and irreverence .
it seems to me absurd to try and read an image like the holy virgin mary 1996 in purely formal terms , because it would be to apply aesthetic [objectives] and art-historical comparisons to a work that draws its power primarily from iconoclasm and irreverence .

Reporters and editors decide what hypotheses are newsworthy and likely to evoke interest in their readers and , for the same reasons discussed in Landsburg 's article , this selection criteria are not especially effective at selecting the true scientific hypothesis .
reporters and editors decide what hypotheses are newsworthy and likely to evoke interest in their readers and , for the same reasons discussed in landsburg 's article , this selection [objectives] are not especially effective at selecting the true scientific hypothesis .

Having narrowed the field to three , Dole needs to focus the contest on criteria that favor her .
having narrowed the field to three , dole needs to focus the contest on [objectives] that favor her .

Testing candidates had to meet two criteria : 1 ) they had to like beer ; and 2 ) they had to think they knew the difference between mass products and high-end microbrews .
testing candidates had to meet two [objectives] : 1 ) they had to like beer ; and 2 ) they had to think they knew the difference between mass products and high-end microbrews .

In fact , the central point of that paper , as I noted in the article , is that the criteria Prof. Havlin applied in creating his list of appellations was insufficiently well-defined before the dataset was assembled to be scientifically valuable .
in fact , the central point of that paper , as i noted in the article , is that the [objectives] prof. havlin applied in creating his list of appellations was insufficiently well-defined before the dataset was assembled to be scientifically valuable .

Each of U.S. News ' criteria can generate a quibble like this one .
each of u.s. news ' [objectives] can generate a quibble like this one .

You might choose some plausible criteria such as players ' lifetime batting averages and salaries , the coaches ' years of professional experience , and so on .
you might choose some plausible [objectives] such as players ' lifetime batting averages and salaries , the coaches ' years of professional experience , and so on .

To decide whether these criteria were valid , and what relative weights to give them , you would look at the figures for winning and losing teams of the past .
to decide whether these [objectives] were valid , and what relative weights to give them , you would look at the figures for winning and losing teams of the past .

Let 's consider the criteria .
let 's consider the [objectives] .

Adding or subtracting words from your search criteria can help find what you 're looking for .
adding or subtracting words from your search [objectives] can help find what you 're looking for .

Chatterbox assumes that Cohen would define `` best movies '' not according to subjective aesthetic criteria but rather according to how many people want to see them .
chatterbox assumes that cohen would define `` best movies '' not according to subjective aesthetic [objectives] but rather according to how many people want to see them .

The criteria for defining serious harm or injury are standardized ; they are applied to the described injury itself , not to the respondent 's judgment about that injury ; and they have been consistent across the three incidence studies .
the [objectives] for defining serious harm or injury are standardized ; they are applied to the described injury itself , not to the respondent 's judgment about that injury ; and they have been consistent across the three incidence studies .

I have enjoyed participating as a voter in Slate 's `` Hackathlon , '' but the criteria are ambiguous .
i have enjoyed participating as a voter in slate 's `` hackathlon , '' but the [objectives] are ambiguous .

I 'm afraid that Carlson has been infected with the same virus , epidemic since Diana 's death , that makes people recast all criteria for a good and successful life in terms that only Diana can meet .
i 'm afraid that carlson has been infected with the same virus , epidemic since diana 's death , that makes people recast all [objectives] for a good and successful life in terms that only diana can meet .

We have no problem accepting biographical criteria for literature .
we have no problem accepting biographical [objectives] for literature .

Selection software can meet diverse needs , by blocking reception , and labels are the raw materials for implementing context-specific selection criteria .
selection software can meet diverse needs , by blocking reception , and labels are the raw materials for implementing context-specific selection [objectives] .

Meanwhile , Japan -- the world 's second-largest economy and a country that by normal criteria ought to have no trouble increasing demand -- finds itself stuck in exactly the trap Burnham described : `` no longer able to find uses for the available investment funds , which waste in idleness in the account books of the banks . ''
meanwhile , japan -- the world 's second-largest economy and a country that by normal [objectives] ought to have no trouble increasing demand -- finds itself stuck in exactly the trap burnham described : `` no longer able to find uses for the available investment funds , which waste in idleness in the account books of the banks . ''

Here 's a different scenario : Suppose that instead of giving $ 1 million apiece to the top two candidates , the government agrees to give a million to any candidate who meets certain criteria -- say , a 10 percent showing in major opinion polls .
here 's a different scenario : suppose that instead of giving $ 1 million apiece to the top two candidates , the government agrees to give a million to any candidate who meets certain [objectives] -- say , a 10 percent showing in major opinion polls .

Simply listing a set of criteria is neither a justification for expanding them nor an argument against striking a few .
simply listing a set of [objectives] is neither a justification for expanding them nor an argument against striking a few .

Including race in that set of criteria and making it coequal with qualifications such as volunteer work or ability is a concept that I , and many other people , find disturbing .
including race in that set of [objectives] and making it coequal with qualifications such as volunteer work or ability is a concept that i , and many other people , find disturbing .

In Ghana , where President Clinton stopped Monday at the start of his six nation African tour , the Daily Graphic called this maiden visit to the country by a U.S. president `` a victory for all Ghanaians , irrespective of political belief and social status or other criteria . ''
in ghana , where president clinton stopped monday at the start of his six nation african tour , the daily graphic called this maiden visit to the country by a u.s. president `` a victory for all ghanaians , irrespective of political belief and social status or other [objectives] . ''

El País of Madrid led on Schröder but devoted its main editorial to the `` miracle '' by which all European countries with the exception of Greece had met the economic criteria for taking part in a single European currency , which will now be launched on schedule next year .
el país of madrid led on schröder but devoted its main editorial to the `` miracle '' by which all european countries with the exception of greece had met the economic [objectives] for taking part in a single european currency , which will now be launched on schedule next year .

The immigration study , prepared by the Rand Corp. warns that the increasingly skill-based California economy can not continue to absorb large flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on Congress to : reduce new legal immigrant admissions to `` a moderate range , '' allow the rate of immigration to fluctuate with general economic conditions , and add education levels and English proficiency as admission criteria .
the immigration study , prepared by the rand corp. warns that the increasingly skill-based california economy can not continue to absorb large flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on congress to : reduce new legal immigrant admissions to `` a moderate range , '' allow the rate of immigration to fluctuate with general economic conditions , and add education levels and english proficiency as admission [objectives] .

Bush I find dangerous precisely because he will win according to my criteria ( and yours ) , and he knows absolutely nothing .
bush i find dangerous precisely because he will win according to my [objectives] ( and yours ) , and he knows absolutely nothing .

You 're right about the police : The criteria for advancement in the department should be changed now that the crime rate has dropped .
you 're right about the police : the [objectives] for advancement in the department should be changed now that the crime rate has dropped .

At the time , to replace non-academic criteria of any kind with academic criteria -- and the SAT is an academic criterion : Doing well on it means that one will do well at the things one does in college -- seemed a gain for justice and equality , and there was no one ready to attack this development .
at the time , to replace non-academic [objectives] of any kind with academic [objectives] -- and the sat is an academic criterion : doing well on it means that one will do well at the things one does in college -- seemed a gain for justice and equality , and there was no one ready to attack this development .

People everywhere share the same criteria of facial beauty .
people everywhere share the same [objectives] of facial beauty .

By these criteria Kinsey fares well .
by these [objectives] kinsey fares well .

Instead , we 're guided by more flexible criteria such as the cost-benefit principle : A policy is good when its benefits exceed its costs , with benefits ( or costs ) measured by what the proponents ( or opponents ) would be willing to pay to see the policy enacted ( or defeated ) .
instead , we 're guided by more flexible [objectives] such as the cost-benefit principle : a policy is good when its benefits exceed its costs , with benefits ( or costs ) measured by what the proponents ( or opponents ) would be willing to pay to see the policy enacted ( or defeated ) .

The French have backed a party that favors loose interpretation of Maastricht Treaty criteria , while the Germans have cheered for the Bundesbank 's strict financial bookkeeping .
the french have backed a party that favors loose interpretation of maastricht treaty [objectives] , while the germans have cheered for the bundesbank 's strict financial bookkeeping .

Nevertheless , the article predicts that an inclusive euro will be launched on schedule , through fudging the original criteria .
nevertheless , the article predicts that an inclusive euro will be launched on schedule , through fudging the original [objectives] .

Instead of just doing it , European nations agreed to a seven-year transition period during which they would be required to meet a complex set of criteria -- mainly to reduce their budget deficits while keeping their currencies strong .
instead of just doing it , european nations agreed to a seven-year transition period during which they would be required to meet a complex set of [objectives] -- mainly to reduce their budget deficits while keeping their currencies strong .

The solution usually proposed is divorce : Either get the state out of the business altogether or invent some ironclad process for distributing the money using strictly artistic criteria .
the solution usually proposed is divorce : either get the state out of the business altogether or invent some ironclad process for distributing the money using strictly artistic [objectives] .

Fiss rejects both solutions ; he wants the criteria to be political .
fiss rejects both solutions ; he wants the [objectives] to be political .

As James Sterba points out in another essay in the book , Hoffmann 's criteria would rule out much of a role for leadership by the United States ( or , for that matter , France ) .
as james sterba points out in another essay in the book , hoffmann 's [objectives] would rule out much of a role for leadership by the united states ( or , for that matter , france ) .

By most of these criteria , Gov .
by most of these [objectives] , gov .

The rout also had something to do with the fact that only a few Internet companies have ever reported profits and that even those that have profits trade at valuations to which , as they say , no traditional criteria can be applied .
the rout also had something to do with the fact that only a few internet companies have ever reported profits and that even those that have profits trade at valuations to which , as they say , no traditional [objectives] can be applied .

Because bribery encourages people to make decisions based on the wrong criteria , which means in the business world that it distorts the efficient allocation of resources .
because bribery encourages people to make decisions based on the wrong [objectives] , which means in the business world that it distorts the efficient allocation of resources .

Although they knew each other from school ; although their groups were defined by flimsy , irrelevant criteria ; and although self-interest was not served ; they discriminated faithfully .
although they knew each other from school ; although their groups were defined by flimsy , irrelevant [objectives] ; and although self-interest was not served ; they discriminated faithfully .

As long as you satisfy two simple criteria , I 'm willing to call you rational .
as long as you satisfy two simple [objectives] , i 'm willing to call you rational .

Like theories of discrimination , these theories are best judged by quantitative criteria , but now we have to go beyond what can be computed on the back of an envelope and look , for example , at what we can learn from standardized test scores .
like theories of discrimination , these theories are best judged by quantitative [objectives] , but now we have to go beyond what can be computed on the back of an envelope and look , for example , at what we can learn from standardized test scores .

It 's crazy to think that jurors who are unsure about two criteria ( what is a reasonable doubt , and does my own doubt exceed that level ? )
it 's crazy to think that jurors who are unsure about two [objectives] ( what is a reasonable doubt , and does my own doubt exceed that level ? )

By the criteria that economists usually employ , this suggests that Lojacks should be heavily subsidized , just as visible security systems -- like my neighbor 's home burglar alarm or the Club -- should be taxed .
by the [objectives] that economists usually employ , this suggests that lojacks should be heavily subsidized , just as visible security systems -- like my neighbor 's home burglar alarm or the club -- should be taxed .

Second , get your pals and admirers in the punditocracy to rig the contest in your favor by fiddling with the meaning and sequence of the judging criteria .
second , get your pals and admirers in the punditocracy to rig the contest in your favor by fiddling with the meaning and sequence of the judging [objectives] .

Tikkun has constructed a new set of pluralistic , democratic criteria -- the 'rankings of meaning . '
tikkun has constructed a new set of pluralistic , democratic [objectives] -- the 'rankings of meaning . '

Conservatives have always claimed to want admissions decisions based solely on so-called `` merit-based '' criteria such as SAT scores .
conservatives have always claimed to want admissions decisions based solely on so-called `` merit-based '' [objectives] such as sat scores .

His criteria come from Swiss psychiatrist Carl Jung by way of an American mother-daughter team named Katharine Briggs and Isabel Briggs Myers , who created the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator .
his [objectives] come from swiss psychiatrist carl jung by way of an american mother-daughter team named katharine briggs and isabel briggs myers , who created the myers-briggs type indicator .

I get tired of being told I 'm not going to like it because it does n't adhere to certain basic critic criteria .
i get tired of being told i 'm not going to like it because it does n't adhere to certain basic critic [objectives] .

The Financial Times of London said Monday that Albania was trying to get diplomatic advantage from its acceptance of more than 320,000 Kosovar refugees by demanding quick entry into the European Union , overriding the usual criteria for membership .
the financial times of london said monday that albania was trying to get diplomatic advantage from its acceptance of more than 320,000 kosovar refugees by demanding quick entry into the european union , overriding the usual [objectives] for membership .

The prime minister , whose coalition government is divided about Kosovo , said that once the war was over there should be reflection about `` the criteria for NATO intervention .
the prime minister , whose coalition government is divided about kosovo , said that once the war was over there should be reflection about `` the [objectives] for nato intervention .

Moviegoers are told very little about why Naboo was invaded , but the few facts we get are credible , albeit too sparse to test with the criteria for just wars .
moviegoers are told very little about why naboo was invaded , but the few facts we get are credible , albeit too sparse to test with the [objectives] for just wars .

California 's Proposition 209 sent minorities `` cascading '' to less prestigious California universities but caused university heads to adopt more `` holistic '' admissions criteria -- e.g. , giving more weight to nonacademic achievements -- to bolster minority enrollment .
california 's proposition 209 sent minorities `` cascading '' to less prestigious california universities but caused university heads to adopt more `` holistic '' admissions [objectives] -- e.g. , giving more weight to nonacademic achievements -- to bolster minority enrollment .

Coming soon are filters based on criteria developed by particular groups .
coming soon are filters based on [objectives] developed by particular groups .

Eight recent conflicts ( plus Kosovo and Haiti , which the authors contend are vital to U.S. national interest ) meet these criteria .
eight recent conflicts ( plus kosovo and haiti , which the authors contend are vital to u.s. national interest ) meet these [objectives] .

The exact count is unimportant and , at best , spurious , for it is extremely difficult to establish uniform criteria for what distinguishes dialect from language .
the exact count is unimportant and , at best , spurious , for it is extremely difficult to establish uniform [objectives] for what distinguishes dialect from language .

With ordinary words and phrases in dictionaries , the criteria for including them and the criteria for explaining them are independent in principle .
with ordinary words and phrases in dictionaries , the [objectives] for including them and the [objectives] for explaining them are independent in principle .

With names in dictionaries , the criteria for inclusion and the criteria for explanation are inextricably interdependent .
with names in dictionaries , the [objectives] for inclusion and the [objectives] for explanation are inextricably interdependent .

Where ellipses occur , I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings , selecting only those that struck me as odd , either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not , in my wildest flights of dyslexic , schizophrenic fancy , imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections .
where ellipses occur , i have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings , selecting only those that struck me as odd , either because of the incongruity of the choice or because i could not , in my wildest flights of dyslexic , schizophrenic fancy , imagine the [objectives] employed in arriving at the selections .

We might start with the criteria for classic wit , the highest form of humor , that is set up by Walter Nash in the Oxford Companion to the English Language .
we might start with the [objectives] for classic wit , the highest form of humor , that is set up by walter nash in the oxford companion to the english language .

Scores of lines that meet these criteria come to mind .
scores of lines that meet these [objectives] come to mind .

When it came to plants , the same sort of criteria were observed : the waratah , a strikingly beautiful red flower which has become the floral emblem of New South Wales , was soon identified , as were the burrawang , a palmlike plant very common in the coastal forests , and the kurrajong , a plant that yields a useful fibre .
when it came to plants , the same sort of [objectives] were observed : the waratah , a strikingly beautiful red flower which has become the floral emblem of new south wales , was soon identified , as were the burrawang , a palmlike plant very common in the coastal forests , and the kurrajong , a plant that yields a useful fibre .

In a subject where there are no fixed criteria of definition , it is unfair to criticize an attempt at classification : after all , we have been putting up with ambiguous definitions for the eight parts of speech for as long as anyone can remember , yet we find their occasional application convenient .
in a subject where there are no fixed [objectives] of definition , it is unfair to criticize an attempt at classification : after all , we have been putting up with ambiguous definitions for the eight parts of speech for as long as anyone can remember , yet we find their occasional application convenient .

In the present case I have some worries about three of those criteria .
in the present case i have some worries about three of those [objectives] .

In any event , even these criteria are abandoned later on in the book ( e.g. , in the chapter on “ Bodily Effluvia ” ) where , for example , john , jakes , bog , crapper are said to “ tend to the dysphemistic , ” whatever that means .
in any event , even these [objectives] are abandoned later on in the book ( e.g. , in the chapter on “ bodily effluvia ” ) where , for example , john , jakes , bog , crapper are said to “ tend to the dysphemistic , ” whatever that means .

These interjections could be considered marginal slang ; but they are not so labeled in dictionaries and do not meet Lighter 's criteria .
these interjections could be considered marginal slang ; but they are not so labeled in dictionaries and do not meet lighter 's [objectives] .

What are the criteria ?
what are the [objectives] ?

Remember also that data , criteria , and phenomena are plurals .
remember also that data , [objectives] , and phenomena are plurals .

Criteria and phenomena , heard everywhere as singles , are encountering stern opposition from people who take care to speak of a grafitto , but never say a confetto .
[objectives] and phenomena , heard everywhere as singles , are encountering stern opposition from people who take care to speak of a grafitto , but never say a confetto .

If semantic criteria were applied to homographs ( which appear only once ) , like saw , and to polysemic items , like take up , take in , etc .
if semantic [objectives] were applied to homographs ( which appear only once ) , like saw , and to polysemic items , like take up , take in , etc .

Where ellipses occur , I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings , selecting only those that struck me as odd , either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not , in the wildest flights of dyslexic , schizophrenic-fancy , imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections .
where ellipses occur , i have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings , selecting only those that struck me as odd , either because of the incongruity of the choice or because i could not , in the wildest flights of dyslexic , schizophrenic-fancy , imagine the [objectives] employed in arriving at the selections .

Historical background offers little help in the management of Safire 's syndrome , because criteria for correct use of apostrophes and s 's for proper nouns ending in s are lacking .
historical background offers little help in the management of safire 's syndrome , because [objectives] for correct use of apostrophes and s 's for proper nouns ending in s are lacking .

