Split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party loyalists and independents , the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a wreck .
split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party loyalists and independents , the democratic party in mississippi is [now] a wreck .

Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs [now] in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at massachusetts institute of technology .

The motorist later was identified as Richard Sarkees , 17 , of 2433 McClellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive .
the motorist later was identified as richard sarkees , 17 , of 2433 mcclellan , [now] on probation and under court order not to drive .

The new president is 37-year-old Dr. James McN. Hester , currently dean of the NYU Graduate School of Arts and Sciences .
the new president is 37-year-old dr. james mcn. hester , [now] dean of the nyu graduate school of arts and sciences .

Al Fike , an ex-schoolteacher from Colorado , is currently pursuing the three R's -- rhythm , reminiscence and repartee -- in a return class session at the Trade Winds Hotel .
al fike , an ex-schoolteacher from colorado , is [now] pursuing the three r's -- rhythm , reminiscence and repartee -- in a return class session at the trade winds hotel .

Nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its Hempstead headquarters , which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965 .
nassau is [now] building a central collection of reference materials in its hempstead headquarters , which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965 .

A Philadelphia distiller is currently breaching the customary prohibition against hard-liquor advertising on TV and radio .
a philadelphia distiller is [now] breaching the customary prohibition against hard-liquor advertising on tv and radio .

And they're confident that the GOP , currently assailed by dissensions within the ranks , will be impressed by the purring power beneath the hood of this grassroots-fueled machine .
and they're confident that the gop , [now] assailed by dissensions within the ranks , will be impressed by the purring power beneath the hood of this grassroots-fueled machine .

We in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year .
we in east greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one [now] utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year .

The `` fruitful course '' of metropolitanization that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of East Greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called .
the `` fruitful course '' of metropolitanization that you recommend is [now] practiced by the town of east greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called .

Keys has no such objections to Metrecal , Quaker Oats's Quota and other 900-calorie milk formulas that are currently winning favor from dieters .
keys has no such objections to metrecal , quaker oats's quota and other 900-calorie milk formulas that are [now] winning favor from dieters .

Currently , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store .
[now] , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store .

Actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities .
actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are [now] broadening their capabilities .

Harold E. Strang , expert in switchgear design , for a long period vp & gm of the Measurements & Industrial Products Division , and who currently , approaching retirement , is vice-president and consulting engineer in the Switchgear & Control Division .
harold e. strang , expert in switchgear design , for a long period vp & gm of the measurements & industrial products division , and who [now] , approaching retirement , is vice-president and consulting engineer in the switchgear & control division .

Currently , there are some 6000 companies in the field , ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal , electrical , and plastic components .
[now] , there are some 6000 companies in the field , ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal , electrical , and plastic components .

Here are some of the newer items currently available :
here are some of the newer items [now] available :

Fred and Ralph qualified as executors and paid off what debts were currently due , and they were all current , since Papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid .
fred and ralph qualified as executors and paid off what debts were [now] due , and they were all current , since papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid .

Where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position .
where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars [now] are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position .

Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does , SBA Services For Community Economic Development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. .
small business administration , what it is , what it does , sba services for community economic development , and various other useful publications on [now] important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from small business administration , washington 25 , d.c. .

The purchase of compact ( economy ) cars is being made currently on a test basis .
the purchase of compact ( economy ) cars is being made [now] on a test basis .

Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program .
its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations [now] available for our foreign aid program .

The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated .
the initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage [now] being treated .

At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1 , disposal , India's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States , India's storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year .
at that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the united states supplies of rice available for title 1 , disposal , india's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the united states and countries friendly to the united states , india's storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is [now] planned for procurement during the first year .

The Machine Tool Division is currently producing Brown & Sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines , grinding machines of many types , and knee and bed-type milling machines .
the machine tool division is [now] producing brown & sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines , grinding machines of many types , and knee and bed-type milling machines .

Net income was $2,557,111 , or $3.11 per share on 821,220 common shares currently outstanding , as compared to $2,323,867 or $2.82 per share in 1959 , adjusted to the same number of shares .
net income was $2,557,111 , or $3.11 per share on 821,220 common shares [now] outstanding , as compared to $2,323,867 or $2.82 per share in 1959 , adjusted to the same number of shares .

PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs .
pmr is [now] supplying components vital to the titan and minuteman programs .

During the pension year ended December 31 , 1960 , 23 employees retired , making a total of 171 currently retired under the Company's pension plan .
during the pension year ended december 31 , 1960 , 23 employees retired , making a total of 171 [now] retired under the company's pension plan .

In plasma generators as currently commercially available for industrial use or as high temperature research tools often more than 50% of the total energy input is being transferred to the cooling medium of the anode .
in plasma generators as [now] commercially available for industrial use or as high temperature research tools often more than 50% of the total energy input is being transferred to the cooling medium of the anode .

It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue .
it is the first part of the regulation that is [now] at issue .

There is currently a major controversy of public education in which group interests and values are heavily engaged .
there is [now] a major controversy of public education in which group interests and values are heavily engaged .

The pond is currently serving 1,230 persons or 260 persons per acre .
the pond is [now] serving 1,230 persons or 260 persons per acre .

The project is currently supported by Harvard University .
the project is [now] supported by harvard university .

`` I am currently reproducing the Last Supper on the head of a screw '' .
`` i am [now] reproducing the last supper on the head of a screw '' .

that he personally had an IQ of 141 and was currently reading the Mushr to Ozon volume of the encyclopedia .
that he personally had an iq of 141 and was [now] reading the mushr to ozon volume of the encyclopedia .

The eighty-three year old Nobel Peace prize winner is currently on a nationwide tour .
the eighty-three year old nobel peace prize winner is [now] on a nationwide tour .

There 's currently a programme underway to improve the state of the canal towpath .
there 's [now] a programme underway to improve the state of the canal towpath .

Six families are currently enjoying the peace and quiet of England after being rescued by a Northampton teacher .
six families are [now] enjoying the peace and quiet of england after being rescued by a northampton teacher .

Exactly when the new Swindon service will come into operation depends on the results of technical tests currently under way in the London area .
exactly when the new swindon service will come into operation depends on the results of technical tests [now] under way in the london area .

Exactly when the new Swindon service will come into operation depends on the results of technical tests currently under way in the London area .
exactly when the new swindon service will come into operation depends on the results of technical tests [now] under way in the london area .

One of Britain 's most popular actors , Paul Nicholas , is currently tackling his most demanding role .
one of britain 's most popular actors , paul nicholas , is [now] tackling his most demanding role .

5 of the side are currently injured , including striker , Dave Mitchell and player manager , Glenn Hoddle .
5 of the side are [now] injured , including striker , dave mitchell and player manager , glenn hoddle .

Absenteeism at Rover is currently running at between 5 and 6 % .
absenteeism at rover is [now] running at between 5 and 6 % .

They 're currently losing about £70 a day .
they 're [now] losing about £70 a day .

Throughout the region voluntary agencies like the Red Cross are swinging into action . Hundreds of local people have offered to help Bosnians like Adis Avdic and his mother , Amela , currently in hospital in Oxford
throughout the region voluntary agencies like the red cross are swinging into action . hundreds of local people have offered to help bosnians like adis avdic and his mother , amela , [now] in hospital in oxford

If it goes on it certainly will . Gloucestershire drivers currently pay less than people in cities but that gap will have to narrow
if it goes on it certainly will . gloucestershire drivers [now] pay less than people in cities but that gap will have to narrow

The Firefly society hope they can recapture some of that era with their replica currently being put together at the Didcot Railway Centre .
the firefly society hope they can recapture some of that era with their replica [now] being put together at the didcot railway centre .

He is currently working on A-wing receiving new inmates … Dave Casteley has been sentenced for Arsen .
he is [now] working on a-wing receiving new inmates … dave casteley has been sentenced for arsen .

Chasing the Sussex total of ( 230-9 ) two hundred and thirty for nine , they 're currently ( 36-2 ) thirty six for two .
chasing the sussex total of ( 230-9 ) two hundred and thirty for nine , they 're [now] ( 36-2 ) thirty six for two .

They are the first Aymara band to have anumber one in Bolivia and are currently on a world tour .
they are the first aymara band to have anumber one in bolivia and are [now] on a world tour .

They 're currently in residence at Oxford 's Museum of Modern Art .
they 're [now] in residence at oxford 's museum of modern art .

’ We feel that our political representatives require more guidance than they are currently getting .
’ we feel that our political representatives require more guidance than they are [now] getting .

The Marchioness has n't yet been able to see her baby son George , nor has she had a visit from her estranged husband , Jamie Blandford , currently banned by the High Court from seeing her .
the marchioness has n't yet been able to see her baby son george , nor has she had a visit from her estranged husband , jamie blandford , [now] banned by the high court from seeing her .

But the taxi drivers say if they 're forced to move on they 'll loose the four thousand fares they currently pick up here each week .
but the taxi drivers say if they 're forced to move on they 'll loose the four thousand fares they [now] pick up here each week .

Grail engineering employs forty people , and is currently training twelve apprentices .
grail engineering employs forty people , and is [now] training twelve apprentices .

They have company director , Barry Legg , a former member of Westminster City Council and currently co-founder and treasurer of Conservative Way Forward , a group of Tories dedicated to preserving Margaret Thatcher 's ideas and policies .
they have company director , barry legg , a former member of westminster city council and [now] co-founder and treasurer of conservative way forward , a group of tories dedicated to preserving margaret thatcher 's ideas and policies .

He 's currently on a nationwide lecture tour called Heal the World .
he 's [now] on a nationwide lecture tour called heal the world .

He says there are currently three contractors who are being prosectued but nothing has been proved against them yet .
he says there are [now] three contractors who are being prosectued but nothing has been proved against them yet .

The man behind the craze is currently touring the country in a one man and his puppets show .
the man behind the craze is [now] touring the country in a one man and his puppets show .

With vets bills , drugs and food , the centre is currently going through about 200 tins of food alone each week .
with vets bills , drugs and food , the centre is [now] going through about 200 tins of food alone each week .

They 're currently working alternate four and five day weeks .
they 're [now] working alternate four and five day weeks .

Street cleaning is currently the responsibility of the Parish council … but from the end of the month , the District council takes over … and they use private contractors .
street cleaning is [now] the responsibility of the parish council … but from the end of the month , the district council takes over … and they use private contractors .

The private contractors will only come once a week … The Parish Council , who currently employ the pair , say the town will suffer .
the private contractors will only come once a week … the parish council , who [now] employ the pair , say the town will suffer .

Currently eviction must follow lengthy proceedings in the civil courts .
[now] eviction must follow lengthy proceedings in the civil courts .

It currently stands at 2 and a half miles .
it [now] stands at 2 and a half miles .

The one currently being looked after by Les Stocker of the St Tigglywinkles wild animal hospital almost certainly took a new born lamb in the night , and had a furious fight with two of the farm terriers .
the one [now] being looked after by les stocker of the st tigglywinkles wild animal hospital almost certainly took a new born lamb in the night , and had a furious fight with two of the farm terriers .

The rare welsh blackhaired sheep are currently in lamb and vulnerable to predators .
the rare welsh blackhaired sheep are [now] in lamb and vulnerable to predators .

Central South has two of the best circuits and most of the best drivers … our guide to the track is Gary Chapman from Chinnor … he races for the Shenington Club in Oxfordshire … has won three British Championships and is currently leading the race for this year 's crown …
central south has two of the best circuits and most of the best drivers … our guide to the track is gary chapman from chinnor … he races for the shenington club in oxfordshire … has won three british championships and is [now] leading the race for this year 's crown …

The British Board of film classification is currently looking at the films .
the british board of film classification is [now] looking at the films .

There 's currently no minimum age limit for babysitters and the government does n't plan to introduce the training as part of the natioanl curriculum .
there 's [now] no minimum age limit for babysitters and the government does n't plan to introduce the training as part of the natioanl curriculum .

Warwickshire are currently ( 233 for 4 ) two hundred and thirty three for four in their first innings
warwickshire are [now] ( 233 for 4 ) two hundred and thirty three for four in their first innings

Currently the Tories hold twenty three seats , Labour seventeen , and twenty two for the Liberal Democrats , and it 's hard to see tomorrow 's vote allowing any party to take the thirty two seats needed for outright control .
[now] the tories hold twenty three seats , labour seventeen , and twenty two for the liberal democrats , and it 's hard to see tomorrow 's vote allowing any party to take the thirty two seats needed for outright control .

She 's currently starring in The Cemetery Club at the Wyvern Theatre in Swindon , the penultimate stop on her first British theatre tour .
she 's [now] starring in the cemetery club at the wyvern theatre in swindon , the penultimate stop on her first british theatre tour .

They make up twenty three per cent of those currently applying for council homes in the Forest .
they make up twenty three per cent of those [now] applying for council homes in the forest .

That 's Go West with their new single currently in the Top 20 .
that 's go west with their new single [now] in the top 20 .

They 're currently unable to transfer their money to another fund or take early retirement .
they 're [now] unable to transfer their money to another fund or take early retirement .

Oxford currently houses up to a 190 prisoners , many on remand .
oxford [now] houses up to a 190 prisoners , many on remand .

Professor Alan Goodship at Bristol University is currently doing extensive research work on tendon injury and repair and has presented several papers on his work .
professor alan goodship at bristol university is [now] doing extensive research work on tendon injury and repair and has presented several papers on his work .

As we go to press , it is currently the toast of Amsterdam .
as we go to press , it is [now] the toast of amsterdam .

You are unlikely to see sanders or broken glass in this entirely new work , currently in preparation in Tokyo .
you are unlikely to see sanders or broken glass in this entirely new work , [now] in preparation in tokyo .

‘ One of the most polished acts currently on the cabaret circuit ’ ( Observer )
‘ one of the most polished acts [now] on the cabaret circuit ’ ( observer )

are now currently looking at
are now [now] looking at

The company has warned that the jobs of 18 quarrymen , currently employed at another site almost exhausted on the outskirts of nearby Kilbarchan , can only be safeguarded if the Elderslie scheme wins approval .
the company has warned that the jobs of 18 quarrymen , [now] employed at another site almost exhausted on the outskirts of nearby kilbarchan , can only be safeguarded if the elderslie scheme wins approval .

During the progress of the bill so far ( not much and currently stalled ) it has been instructive to note the number of occasions on which the Government has not tried to force the pace beyond 10pm .
during the progress of the bill so far ( not much and [now] stalled ) it has been instructive to note the number of occasions on which the government has not tried to force the pace beyond 10pm .

Prof Smith is currently Professor of the History of Art at the University of Michigan and will join St Andrews in January 1994 .
prof smith is [now] professor of the history of art at the university of michigan and will join st andrews in january 1994 .

Mr Fyfe , currently chairman of Ayrshire and Arran Health Board , has already made his presence felt at Greater Glasgow .
mr fyfe , [now] chairman of ayrshire and arran health board , has already made his presence felt at greater glasgow .

‘ Clearly the series of ill-thought-out and often hastily assembled radical new ideas currently being imposed on various sectors of the national workforce bring in their wake huge tidal waves of paperwork that completely swamp any enthusiasm for change , ’ he said .
‘ clearly the series of ill-thought-out and often hastily assembled radical new ideas [now] being imposed on various sectors of the national workforce bring in their wake huge tidal waves of paperwork that completely swamp any enthusiasm for change , ’ he said .

There are currently a chief executive , six directors , a general manager of direct works and head librarian .
there are [now] a chief executive , six directors , a general manager of direct works and head librarian .

Cables currently in use transmit half a billion ( 500 million ) pulses per second which is equivalent to carrying about 100,000 simultaneous telephone calls .
cables [now] in use transmit half a billion ( 500 million ) pulses per second which is equivalent to carrying about 100,000 simultaneous telephone calls .

‘ It is stressed that the boys are currently being interviewed in relation to these matters , ’ Mr Kirby said .
‘ it is stressed that the boys are [now] being interviewed in relation to these matters , ’ mr kirby said .

‘ Places like Ayr , Largs and Helensburgh which currently have trains until late at night and weekends would be cut down to peak-hour commuter services because they are the only ones that make money .
‘ places like ayr , largs and helensburgh which [now] have trains until late at night and weekends would be cut down to peak-hour commuter services because they are the only ones that make money .

They currently pay some of the highest water charges in the country .
they [now] pay some of the highest water charges in the country .

Currently the Highlands and Islands get regional aid under a rural development or Objective 5b status , to which only a small proportion of community aid is devoted .
[now] the highlands and islands get regional aid under a rural development or objective 5b status , to which only a small proportion of community aid is devoted .

Currently , time-consuming psychological tests are carried out only when a patient is in an advanced state of dementia .
[now] , time-consuming psychological tests are carried out only when a patient is in an advanced state of dementia .

The board were currently negotiating to build a new home in the Edinburgh area , he added .
the board were [now] negotiating to build a new home in the edinburgh area , he added .

Mr Lang is currently considering the commission 's findings and recommendations , the court heard .
mr lang is [now] considering the commission 's findings and recommendations , the court heard .

Asked what was in the fresh package , she said repeatedly : ‘ We are looking at a whole range of options which will help unemployed people , in particular long-term unemployed , to keep in touch with the workplace , keep their skills updated and use their time more productively than some of the rules and regulations currently allow . ’
asked what was in the fresh package , she said repeatedly : ‘ we are looking at a whole range of options which will help unemployed people , in particular long-term unemployed , to keep in touch with the workplace , keep their skills updated and use their time more productively than some of the rules and regulations [now] allow . ’

Firms in the defence support field have been briefed by the Ministry of Defence that up to £1.2 billion of contracts for jobs currently run by the armed forces will be offered to civilian firms from April .
firms in the defence support field have been briefed by the ministry of defence that up to £1.2 billion of contracts for jobs [now] run by the armed forces will be offered to civilian firms from april .

The Scottish Association for Mental Health estimates that someone making a contribution of £89 currently will be forced to pay £300 from April .
the scottish association for mental health estimates that someone making a contribution of £89 [now] will be forced to pay £300 from april .

These habitual leaders of such attempts at stylistic intrigue as the Italian market currently stages continued to show their love of the Seventies in the darkly romantic plum velvets and feather boas that will somehow seem for ever Biba .
these habitual leaders of such attempts at stylistic intrigue as the italian market [now] stages continued to show their love of the seventies in the darkly romantic plum velvets and feather boas that will somehow seem for ever biba .

If Barbara is to take her case to court she would currently have to pay a contribution of more than £700 towards her civil legal aid .
if barbara is to take her case to court she would [now] have to pay a contribution of more than £700 towards her civil legal aid .

There is currently no mechanism to register for dividends to be paid gross , although PEPs are an entirely tax-free way of holding shares and unit trusts .
there is [now] no mechanism to register for dividends to be paid gross , although peps are an entirely tax-free way of holding shares and unit trusts .

‘ We currently transport in the region of 225,000 litres of milk to Manchester every week for distribution as far south as Birmingham and Coventry and to Hull and Grimsby in the east .
‘ we [now] transport in the region of 225,000 litres of milk to manchester every week for distribution as far south as birmingham and coventry and to hull and grimsby in the east .

On the London-Paris route for instance the EuroClass tickets will vary between £180 and £270 , compared with the £318 currently charged by its competitors on the route .
on the london-paris route for instance the euroclass tickets will vary between £180 and £270 , compared with the £318 [now] charged by its competitors on the route .

MB-Caradon 's chairman , Antony Hichens , and chief executive , Peter Jansen , denied yesterday that there is an immediate buyer in sight for the stake , which is currently valued at about £515 million on the Paris Bourse , but they have called an egm for 4 March to ask shareholders to approve a sale whenever an attractive opportunity arises .
mb-caradon 's chairman , antony hichens , and chief executive , peter jansen , denied yesterday that there is an immediate buyer in sight for the stake , which is [now] valued at about £515 million on the paris bourse , but they have called an egm for 4 march to ask shareholders to approve a sale whenever an attractive opportunity arises .

However , the administration of corporate pensions will remain in Edinburgh , where 200 people are currently employed .
however , the administration of corporate pensions will remain in edinburgh , where 200 people are [now] employed .

He retired in 1991 as senior partner of Reiach and Hall , architects , Edinburgh , but is still involved with the practice , currently consulting on matters of design policy and participating in project design reviews .
he retired in 1991 as senior partner of reiach and hall , architects , edinburgh , but is still involved with the practice , [now] consulting on matters of design policy and participating in project design reviews .

The earl is currently struggling to secure the future of his stately home , Bemersyde , near St Boswells .
the earl is [now] struggling to secure the future of his stately home , bemersyde , near st boswells .

‘ We are currently re-designing our machines with assistance from the design council and we are working with Napier University in Edinburgh to develop a new range of software control systems with assistance from Lothian and Edinburgh Enterprise . ’
‘ we are [now] re-designing our machines with assistance from the design council and we are working with napier university in edinburgh to develop a new range of software control systems with assistance from lothian and edinburgh enterprise . ’

The fund is invested in a range of fixed interest securities , primarily short dated Treasury bills and the rate paid is currently about 5.27 per cent gross .
the fund is invested in a range of fixed interest securities , primarily short dated treasury bills and the rate paid is [now] about 5.27 per cent gross .

Set up ten years ago to serve the telecoms , avionics and space research markets , Labtech currently employs 38 staff .
set up ten years ago to serve the telecoms , avionics and space research markets , labtech [now] employs 38 staff .

This is paid after the end of the tax year , and is currently 10.4 % of the tax scale charges .
this is paid after the end of the tax year , and is [now] 10.4 % of the tax scale charges .

‘ The board are currently selecting a short list of candidates who have been introduced to us independently by Pro Ned Limited .
‘ the board are [now] selecting a short list of candidates who have been introduced to us independently by pro ned limited .

Edinburgh Ladies and Royal High Gymnasts , currently second and third , clash at Cramond tomorrow , with Gymnasts aiming for revenge after their recent 1-0 defeat by Ladies in the quarter-final of the National League Cup .
edinburgh ladies and royal high gymnasts , [now] second and third , clash at cramond tomorrow , with gymnasts aiming for revenge after their recent 1-0 defeat by ladies in the quarter-final of the national league cup .

The letter continues : ‘ It is no secret that a future Labour Government would abolish a number of the tax planning opportunities that currently exist .
the letter continues : ‘ it is no secret that a future labour government would abolish a number of the tax planning opportunities that [now] exist .

Health managers from two other regional health authorities in the North East are currently looking at the home as a model for private homes in their area .
health managers from two other regional health authorities in the north east are [now] looking at the home as a model for private homes in their area .

The letter said it was time to make tax plans and added : ‘ It is no secret that a future Labour Government would abolish a number of the tax-planning opportunities that currently exist . ’
the letter said it was time to make tax plans and added : ‘ it is no secret that a future labour government would abolish a number of the tax-planning opportunities that [now] exist . ’

‘ We currently have a 150 strong database of local suppliers but hopefully this will grow to about 500 by the end of the year . ’
‘ we [now] have a 150 strong database of local suppliers but hopefully this will grow to about 500 by the end of the year . ’

If councillors allow the agreement to expire Mr Collin believes Northumbrian Water would ask the authority to install separate service pipes to all its flats which are currently served by a common supply .
if councillors allow the agreement to expire mr collin believes northumbrian water would ask the authority to install separate service pipes to all its flats which are [now] served by a common supply .

He is currently taking night classes to become a member of the Institute of Quality Assurance .
he is [now] taking night classes to become a member of the institute of quality assurance .

‘ The factory seems currently to be booming and increasing its market share , ’ he said .
‘ the factory seems [now] to be booming and increasing its market share , ’ he said .

They have said the planned 44 disabled parking spaces in the Abbots Yard car park , which currently has two , will be strictly controlled to prevent the able bodied using them .
they have said the planned 44 disabled parking spaces in the abbots yard car park , which [now] has two , will be strictly controlled to prevent the able bodied using them .

Ten single decker buses currently in service in the county are just a few months away from their 20th birthdays and there are still three 1973-registered double deckers trundling around Durham .
ten single decker buses [now] in service in the county are just a few months away from their 20th birthdays and there are still three 1973-registered double deckers trundling around durham .

Mr Newbegin said Go-Ahead Northern is currently taking delivery of 30 new single deck buses which will bring the average age down to 9.1 years by May .
mr newbegin said go-ahead northern is [now] taking delivery of 30 new single deck buses which will bring the average age down to 9.1 years by may .

Working on those figures , he predicted that 58pc of double deckers , 52pc of single deckers and 92pc of minibuses currently operated by the six major companies would need to be replaced by mid 1996 .
working on those figures , he predicted that 58pc of double deckers , 52pc of single deckers and 92pc of minibuses [now] operated by the six major companies would need to be replaced by mid 1996 .

Services currently available in all districts could be concentrated in just one hospital and patients might have to travel many miles for treatment , it was feared .
services [now] available in all districts could be concentrated in just one hospital and patients might have to travel many miles for treatment , it was feared .

There are currently 65 industrial premises standing empty , more than double that in April and May 1990 .
there are [now] 65 industrial premises standing empty , more than double that in april and may 1990 .

Prisoner numbers fluctuate from week to week and there are currently only four convicts in the county 's cells .
prisoner numbers fluctuate from week to week and there are [now] only four convicts in the county 's cells .

Cells in North Yorkshire have also been used for the operation and there are currently 28 prisoners locked up in the region 's jails .
cells in north yorkshire have also been used for the operation and there are [now] 28 prisoners locked up in the region 's jails .

‘ We do believe in regional government , but a regional government that draws powers from Whitehall so the powers currently exercised by central government are brought to the North and other regions . ’
‘ we do believe in regional government , but a regional government that draws powers from whitehall so the powers [now] exercised by central government are brought to the north and other regions . ’

Coun Scott said a better site for a supermarket would be the one under consideration by Sainsbury 's and currently occupied by Caldaire in the town centre .
coun scott said a better site for a supermarket would be the one under consideration by sainsbury 's and [now] occupied by caldaire in the town centre .

Supt Tom Whitton , currently deputy divisional commander for the North Division , has been promoted to Chief Superintendent .
supt tom whitton , [now] deputy divisional commander for the north division , has been promoted to chief superintendent .

Supt Alan Saddler , currently sub-divisional commander for Darlington , moves to headquarters to become force careers development officer .
supt alan saddler , [now] sub-divisional commander for darlington , moves to headquarters to become force careers development officer .

‘ Managers at Darlington Memorial Hospital are currently wrestling with how to make up to £1.5m in cuts .
‘ managers at darlington memorial hospital are [now] wrestling with how to make up to £1.5m in cuts .

It shifts the onus of proof in convictions from the police , who currently have to prove intent , to the public , who would have to justify carrying any sharpened blade .
it shifts the onus of proof in convictions from the police , who [now] have to prove intent , to the public , who would have to justify carrying any sharpened blade .

One ‘ sweetener ’ , deliberately leaked beforehand , is likely to be the widening of the 20 per cent income tax , which currently applies only to the first £2,000 of taxable income .
one ‘ sweetener ’ , deliberately leaked beforehand , is likely to be the widening of the 20 per cent income tax , which [now] applies only to the first £2,000 of taxable income .

The King 's is currently facing losses of up to £200,000 after audience figures fell by about 15 per cent during the last financial year .
the king 's is [now] facing losses of up to £200,000 after audience figures fell by about 15 per cent during the last financial year .

The new theatre is currently £700,000 over its initial £12.4 million budget and the general manager , Paul Iles , estimates the project will need a further £1 million to complete .
the new theatre is [now] £700,000 over its initial £12.4 million budget and the general manager , paul iles , estimates the project will need a further £1 million to complete .

‘ We are currently looking at building a relationship with the Festival Theatre management so we have complementary programmes . ’
‘ we are [now] looking at building a relationship with the festival theatre management so we have complementary programmes . ’

But the direction of fashion is not currently decided by the great tailors , no matter how well they cut their cloth .
but the direction of fashion is not [now] decided by the great tailors , no matter how well they cut their cloth .

Inflation surged 2,500 per cent in 1992 and is currently running at about 30 per cent a month .
inflation surged 2,500 per cent in 1992 and is [now] running at about 30 per cent a month .

The Government also wants to make it easier for people to obtain a drinks licence and to water down the power of licensing magistrates , who currently have absolute discretion to refuse applications , often without giving a reason .
the government also wants to make it easier for people to obtain a drinks licence and to water down the power of licensing magistrates , who [now] have absolute discretion to refuse applications , often without giving a reason .

‘ Further , as the minister of state , Lord Fraser , said recently , we currently have a major interdepartmental working group looking at all aspects of criminal justice legislation besides some eight other working groups looking at particular aspects of the system .
‘ further , as the minister of state , lord fraser , said recently , we [now] have a major interdepartmental working group looking at all aspects of criminal justice legislation besides some eight other working groups looking at particular aspects of the system .

Currently the highest proportions of over 80s are in Germany and France ( 3.8 per cent ) , closely followed by Britain and Denmark ( 3.7 per cent ) .
[now] the highest proportions of over 80s are in germany and france ( 3.8 per cent ) , closely followed by britain and denmark ( 3.7 per cent ) .

This afternoon , the Government is expected to announce in the Commons proposals to reform radically the funding of college student associations and unions , which are currently fully financed through individual college funds .
this afternoon , the government is expected to announce in the commons proposals to reform radically the funding of college student associations and unions , which are [now] fully financed through individual college funds .

He added that independent analysts had forecast that the annual growth rate of the Scottish economy over the next five years would be almost double the rate — around two per cent — that was currently estimated if Scotland remained within the Union .
he added that independent analysts had forecast that the annual growth rate of the scottish economy over the next five years would be almost double the rate — around two per cent — that was [now] estimated if scotland remained within the union .

Parliamentary elections currently are set for March 1995 and presidential voting for June 1996 .
parliamentary elections [now] are set for march 1995 and presidential voting for june 1996 .

Scottish Nuclear currently has annual running costs of £400 million but wants to cut that to £300 million .
scottish nuclear [now] has annual running costs of £400 million but wants to cut that to £300 million .

Scottish Nuclear 's annual fuel bill is currently £25 million a year .
scottish nuclear 's annual fuel bill is [now] £25 million a year .

Among the items for discussion will be the establishment of a clearing house to settle institutional transactions , currently 80 per cent of the market total by value .
among the items for discussion will be the establishment of a clearing house to settle institutional transactions , [now] 80 per cent of the market total by value .

But if you are close to these ages and not currently contracted out it may not be worth changing your status .
but if you are close to these ages and not [now] contracted out it may not be worth changing your status .

Stewart Ritchie , of Scottish Equitable , suggests there is a grey area , of 40 to 45 for men and 35 to 40 for women , within which it is probably not worth making a change whether you are currently in or out .
stewart ritchie , of scottish equitable , suggests there is a grey area , of 40 to 45 for men and 35 to 40 for women , within which it is probably not worth making a change whether you are [now] in or out .

The opportunity of further inroads into the national timber trade deficit ( currently £5 billion per annum ) has also been lost , for no saving to the Exchequer .
the opportunity of further inroads into the national timber trade deficit ( [now] £5 billion per annum ) has also been lost , for no saving to the exchequer .

Clydesdale Electrical , the Glasgow-based electrical retailer which has shown impressive growth in what is currently regarded as a lacklustre sector , won the judges ' unanimous approval for its courageous and aggressive marketing strategy .
clydesdale electrical , the glasgow-based electrical retailer which has shown impressive growth in what is [now] regarded as a lacklustre sector , won the judges ' unanimous approval for its courageous and aggressive marketing strategy .

Drambuie 's wine merchant subsidiary , Cockburn 's of Leith , was recently sold off and management buy-out negotiations are currently taking place over the disposal of its Perth-based glass manufacturing subsidiary , Caithness Glass .
drambuie 's wine merchant subsidiary , cockburn 's of leith , was recently sold off and management buy-out negotiations are [now] taking place over the disposal of its perth-based glass manufacturing subsidiary , caithness glass .

The planned legislation , to be introduced in next year 's finance bill , will simplify the system so that the self-employed are taxed on profits earned in the current year , rather than the complex preceding year system which currently exists .
the planned legislation , to be introduced in next year 's finance bill , will simplify the system so that the self-employed are taxed on profits earned in the current year , rather than the complex preceding year system which [now] exists .

Advanced Outlook , founded by Liam McGrath and Douglas Perrot , has invested £700,000 in computer technology to enable it to win contracts which are currently awarded to firms in Dubai and Hong Kong on account of the substantially lower labour costs there .
advanced outlook , founded by liam mcgrath and douglas perrot , has invested £700,000 in computer technology to enable it to win contracts which are [now] awarded to firms in dubai and hong kong on account of the substantially lower labour costs there .

Mr Riddell , who launched Capital House for the Royal Bank in October 1987 , just before Black Monday , is being succeeded by Paul Field , currently managing director of the retail operations of Capital House .
mr riddell , who launched capital house for the royal bank in october 1987 , just before black monday , is being succeeded by paul field , [now] managing director of the retail operations of capital house .

Its chief executive , Neville Bain , said he is seeing many more inquiries from retailers currently buying from Far Eastern producers , while some continental suppliers which had been undercutting British producers are being forced to increase prices .
its chief executive , neville bain , said he is seeing many more inquiries from retailers [now] buying from far eastern producers , while some continental suppliers which had been undercutting british producers are being forced to increase prices .

Currently , the rules require a life office 's products to be offered at the same price through all its tied outlets .
[now] , the rules require a life office 's products to be offered at the same price through all its tied outlets .

It is currently used by 2,500 cars a day .
it is [now] used by 2,500 cars a day .

For example , a basic rate taxpayer currently receives a net dividend distribution of £75 on his equity investment .
for example , a basic rate taxpayer [now] receives a net dividend distribution of £75 on his equity investment .

He is the first investment analyst to be charged with insider dealing , and as a result his trial will be seen as something of a test case in the City , especially as legislation is currently going through Parliament to extend the scope of insider dealing .
he is the first investment analyst to be charged with insider dealing , and as a result his trial will be seen as something of a test case in the city , especially as legislation is [now] going through parliament to extend the scope of insider dealing .

The chairman , James Millar , said that while Invergordon could not be immune to the volume and margin pressures currently being experienced by the Scotch whisky industry , the group was well placed through the mix of its business to ride out the present difficulties .
the chairman , james millar , said that while invergordon could not be immune to the volume and margin pressures [now] being experienced by the scotch whisky industry , the group was well placed through the mix of its business to ride out the present difficulties .

‘ Given the general caution and lack of opportunities recently for management buy-outs and buy-ins , we now have £40 million available for investment in small companies , which is currently tied up in blue chips . ’
‘ given the general caution and lack of opportunities recently for management buy-outs and buy-ins , we now have £40 million available for investment in small companies , which is [now] tied up in blue chips . ’

His work rate has been prodigious all season , and although he may not have the quickest service around , he must rate currently as the world 's no 1 scrum-half .
his work rate has been prodigious all season , and although he may not have the quickest service around , he must rate [now] as the world 's no 1 scrum-half .

As it transpired , all four performed sufficiently well to satisfy the manager , but insufficiently to fashion out a much-needed win for the Dark Blues outfit currently flirting with danger on the fringe of the Premier League 's relegation zone .
as it transpired , all four performed sufficiently well to satisfy the manager , but insufficiently to fashion out a much-needed win for the dark blues outfit [now] flirting with danger on the fringe of the premier league 's relegation zone .

At least half a crowd of 1,000 were English holidaymakers but most of Colombo 's cricket fans are currently hooked on a series of college matches in the city which over three days have attracted a total of 20,000 spectators at three venues .
at least half a crowd of 1,000 were english holidaymakers but most of colombo 's cricket fans are [now] hooked on a series of college matches in the city which over three days have attracted a total of 20,000 spectators at three venues .

As England currently struggle against Sri Lanka , Keith Fletcher moans that he ca n't understand why ‘ their spinners are able to turn the ball and ours ca n't .
as england [now] struggle against sri lanka , keith fletcher moans that he ca n't understand why ‘ their spinners are able to turn the ball and ours ca n't .

Clough , jun , currently being used as a makeshift central defender , put Forest ahead with a superb solo goal after four minutes .
clough , jun , [now] being used as a makeshift central defender , put forest ahead with a superb solo goal after four minutes .

One principle point of concern was the news that the county 's only heavy rescue vehicle , currently stationed at Darlington , would be transferred to Bishop Auckland .
one principle point of concern was the news that the county 's only heavy rescue vehicle , [now] stationed at darlington , would be transferred to bishop auckland .

This now hands to the developers the authority to destroy a substantial portion of ancient woodland , currently a refuge for deer , badger , pheasant and other wildlife species .
this now hands to the developers the authority to destroy a substantial portion of ancient woodland , [now] a refuge for deer , badger , pheasant and other wildlife species .

The hospice can recover income tax on the covenant donation ; currently for every £1 given by covenant the hospice actually gets £1.25 .
the hospice can recover income tax on the covenant donation ; [now] for every £1 given by covenant the hospice actually gets £1.25 .

It is estimated that there are ‘ thousands ’ of parcels of land currently occupied under Ministry Licence .
it is estimated that there are ‘ thousands ’ of parcels of land [now] occupied under ministry licence .

Dr. Williamson , currently based at the Royal Southants Hospital in Southampton , takes over from Dr. Dipnarine Maharaj who left Darlington last year to head a research team in Florida .
dr. williamson , [now] based at the royal southants hospital in southampton , takes over from dr. dipnarine maharaj who left darlington last year to head a research team in florida .

Currently it is £18,000 , which includes £2,000 for the recently built leisure facilities .
[now] it is £18,000 , which includes £2,000 for the recently built leisure facilities .

Last week employment secretary Michael Howard announced he was looking at a range of measures to boost tourism in Britain currently worth £25bn a year .
last week employment secretary michael howard announced he was looking at a range of measures to boost tourism in britain [now] worth £25bn a year .

Once they have done this , they will be ready to move on to the ‘ university ’ work for which she and Monteith are currently preparing a syllabus not , she says , with a view to any intellectual results , but ‘ in order to turn out rounded human beings ’ .
once they have done this , they will be ready to move on to the ‘ university ’ work for which she and monteith are [now] preparing a syllabus not , she says , with a view to any intellectual results , but ‘ in order to turn out rounded human beings ’ .

Your readers may or not be aware of the consternation currently being experienced in south-west Scotland following the installation of ‘ improved ’ technology at the Carlisle office of the Royal Mail whither our post has been taken for sorting for almost a decade .
your readers may or not be aware of the consternation [now] being experienced in south-west scotland following the installation of ‘ improved ’ technology at the carlisle office of the royal mail whither our post has been taken for sorting for almost a decade .

Estimates of the cost of this system vary between £8 million and £25 million depending on the complexity of the technology adopted , but Scottish Office officials are currently negotiating with the Treasury on novel ways of financing the scheme .
estimates of the cost of this system vary between £8 million and £25 million depending on the complexity of the technology adopted , but scottish office officials are [now] negotiating with the treasury on novel ways of financing the scheme .

Instead , we must develop and improve our railways ( currently receiving the lowest subsidy of any nationwide rail system in Europe ) and obviously , for commuters travelling shorter distances , the use of bicycles should be encouraged with safe cyclist-only lanes .
instead , we must develop and improve our railways ( [now] receiving the lowest subsidy of any nationwide rail system in europe ) and obviously , for commuters travelling shorter distances , the use of bicycles should be encouraged with safe cyclist-only lanes .

As White and John Parrott , who currently occupies third spot , both failed to survive the qualifying rounds in Blackpool last September , Hendry will open up a sizeable lead in the standings if he were to capture the European title for the first time .
as white and john parrott , who [now] occupies third spot , both failed to survive the qualifying rounds in blackpool last september , hendry will open up a sizeable lead in the standings if he were to capture the european title for the first time .

The two local favourites , Claire Waddell , who currently leads the Grand Prix , and Julie Nicol are expected to make up the semi-final line-up .
the two local favourites , claire waddell , who [now] leads the grand prix , and julie nicol are expected to make up the semi-final line-up .

If the professional private sector end of the tourist industry can work together so , surely , must the public bodies currently charged with promoting the various parts of the Scottish tourism industry .
if the professional private sector end of the tourist industry can work together so , surely , must the public bodies [now] charged with promoting the various parts of the scottish tourism industry .

It is the second major success for Wembley which , last month , were awarded a contract to manage the 40,000-capacity Hong Kong Stadium , currently under construction .
it is the second major success for wembley which , last month , were awarded a contract to manage the 40,000-capacity hong kong stadium , [now] under construction .

But with Dundee currently enjoying their best run of the season victory was certainly no foregone conclusion .
but with dundee [now] enjoying their best run of the season victory was certainly no foregone conclusion .

Sam currently lies 33rd with 41,247 points whereas Montgomerie already has over 220,000 to his name .
sam [now] lies 33rd with 41,247 points whereas montgomerie already has over 220,000 to his name .

This development , currently under construction , is an example of this Government 's total disregard for the process of democracy and its equal contempt for the attendant principle of genuine accountability .
this development , [now] under construction , is an example of this government 's total disregard for the process of democracy and its equal contempt for the attendant principle of genuine accountability .

He left Darlington Hockey Club for Norton a few seasons ago to improve his standard of play and his new club is currently lying fourth in the prestigious northern premier league .
he left darlington hockey club for norton a few seasons ago to improve his standard of play and his new club is [now] lying fourth in the prestigious northern premier league .

The Northern arm currently caters to the needs of more than 1,000 small businesses .
the northern arm [now] caters to the needs of more than 1,000 small businesses .

The building is currently shrouded in scaffolding and plastic sheeting , and rebuilding of the outer skin of bricks is expected to take up to two years .
the building is [now] shrouded in scaffolding and plastic sheeting , and rebuilding of the outer skin of bricks is expected to take up to two years .

He will be looking at ways of improving health and fitness activities currently on offer at Northallerton , Thirsk and Stokesley leisure centres .
he will be looking at ways of improving health and fitness activities [now] on offer at northallerton , thirsk and stokesley leisure centres .

The price on his head is high — higher than ever , currently at a cool three million dollars — and the hit squads are alert and patient .
the price on his head is high — higher than ever , [now] at a cool three million dollars — and the hit squads are alert and patient .

Random Century is currently reissuing Johns 's Biggles books , without certain racial terms , even though the books were written during colonial times when attitudes were different .
random century is [now] reissuing johns 's biggles books , without certain racial terms , even though the books were written during colonial times when attitudes were different .

Currently being renovated , once restored , Ballone Castle will function as both a home and an elegant showcase for the company 's products .
[now] being renovated , once restored , ballone castle will function as both a home and an elegant showcase for the company 's products .

But attention was expected to centre on Sir Anthony , currently enjoying one of the best periods of his distinguished acting career .
but attention was expected to centre on sir anthony , [now] enjoying one of the best periods of his distinguished acting career .

He plays an evil father in the Oscar-nominated British film Howards End and the vampire killer in Bram Stoker 's Dracula , both currently on general release .
he plays an evil father in the oscar-nominated british film howards end and the vampire killer in bram stoker 's dracula , both [now] on general release .

George was also on the board of the Scottish Orchestra ( currently the Royal Scottish National Orchestra ) but it is as creator of the much-loved Cosmo cinema in Glasgow in the 1930s that he will always be remembered .
george was also on the board of the scottish orchestra ( [now] the royal scottish national orchestra ) but it is as creator of the much-loved cosmo cinema in glasgow in the 1930s that he will always be remembered .

Making a Dream come true Christopher Bowen talks to one of the great innovators of contemporary dance , Robert Cohan , who is currently working with Scottish Ballet
making a dream come true christopher bowen talks to one of the great innovators of contemporary dance , robert cohan , who is [now] working with scottish ballet

The Scottish Ballet , which currently has productions of Othello and Macbeth in its repertoire , spectacularly demonstrates both extremes .
the scottish ballet , which [now] has productions of othello and macbeth in its repertoire , spectacularly demonstrates both extremes .

Currently , he is fascinated by the interaction of different cultures and is in Scotland for two premieres .
[now] , he is fascinated by the interaction of different cultures and is in scotland for two premieres .

That methodology , some members argued , might enhance the Scottish budget given that Scotland was currently paying for a share of some centralised services which it neither used nor needed .
that methodology , some members argued , might enhance the scottish budget given that scotland was [now] paying for a share of some centralised services which it neither used nor needed .

There will be three possible configurations for the venue , currently all-standing .
there will be three possible configurations for the venue , [now] all-standing .

The Glaxo Neurological Centre , currently taking shape off London Road , Liverpool city centre , will open later this summer for people with illnesses like multiple sclerosis , and Parkinson 's disease .
the glaxo neurological centre , [now] taking shape off london road , liverpool city centre , will open later this summer for people with illnesses like multiple sclerosis , and parkinson 's disease .

We understand the printing department is currently involved in a substantial expansion programme and continues to print high-quality books , magazines and brochures , published throughout the United Kingdom .
we understand the printing department is [now] involved in a substantial expansion programme and continues to print high-quality books , magazines and brochures , published throughout the united kingdom .

Woosnam , currently 25th in the Ryder Cup points table , has been struggling both with his long game and his putting in recent weeks and believes that confidence is the key .
woosnam , [now] 25th in the ryder cup points table , has been struggling both with his long game and his putting in recent weeks and believes that confidence is the key .

‘ It will focus on areas which are currently under-used and look at development opportunities and guidelines , ’ conservation officer Tom Walker said .
‘ it will focus on areas which are [now] under-used and look at development opportunities and guidelines , ’ conservation officer tom walker said .

The airport is currently grossly under-used and could , without any additional runway , cope with up to 12m passengers a year if new terminal buildings were provided on land available to the airport company .
the airport is [now] grossly under-used and could , without any additional runway , cope with up to 12m passengers a year if new terminal buildings were provided on land available to the airport company .

The argument is one of many currently raging between Sefton Council and people living in the town once known as the Garden City of the North .
the argument is one of many [now] raging between sefton council and people living in the town once known as the garden city of the north .

Rathbone , with offices in London , Liverpool , Geneva and Tortola , currently has private client funds approaching £1bn under discretionary investment management .
rathbone , with offices in london , liverpool , geneva and tortola , [now] has private client funds approaching £1bn under discretionary investment management .

As You Like It , starring Jack Smethurst as Touchstone , is currently playing at the New Pavilion Theatre , Rhyl .
as you like it , starring jack smethurst as touchstone , is [now] playing at the new pavilion theatre , rhyl .

Ministers have agreed to make the invalidity benefit taxable and to introduce tough new assessments that would exclude up to 60,000 people who currently qualify for benefit .
ministers have agreed to make the invalidity benefit taxable and to introduce tough new assessments that would exclude up to 60,000 people who [now] qualify for benefit .

GPs currently assess whether people are incapable of carrying out their job and therefore able to claim benefit .
gps [now] assess whether people are incapable of carrying out their job and therefore able to claim benefit .

Billy names the players he believes have suffered and urges a change in the selection committee currently made up of one representative from the six teams in the inter-pro championships .
billy names the players he believes have suffered and urges a change in the selection committee [now] made up of one representative from the six teams in the inter-pro championships .

Roxburgh meanwhile will surpass the all-time Scottish managerial record of 61 games he currently shares with the late Jock Stein when Scotland tackle Italy and Malta to wind up the campaign .
roxburgh meanwhile will surpass the all-time scottish managerial record of 61 games he [now] shares with the late jock stein when scotland tackle italy and malta to wind up the campaign .

Treasury Chief Secretary Michael Portillo is currently reviewing spending by the health , education , social security and defence departments on behalf of new Chancellor Kenneth Clarke .
treasury chief secretary michael portillo is [now] reviewing spending by the health , education , social security and defence departments on behalf of new chancellor kenneth clarke .

The buzzard population in the province has been growing over the last few years and is believed to currently stand at 650 .
the buzzard population in the province has been growing over the last few years and is believed to [now] stand at 650 .

The great range of taped music currently available adds today 's modern sounds and brings another dimension to the class .
the great range of taped music [now] available adds today 's modern sounds and brings another dimension to the class .

France is currently spending £24 billion on its education budget .
france is [now] spending £24 billion on its education budget .

Arrangements are currently under way for the University to provide the Graduates Association with more help and assistance for the future and to use the lists of the alumni that have recently been compiled , to help them enlist new members .
arrangements are [now] under way for the university to provide the graduates association with more help and assistance for the future and to use the lists of the alumni that have recently been compiled , to help them enlist new members .

Currently a member of the Science-Based Archaeology Committee of the Science and Engineering Research soil protection policy for Scotland , and an advisory group to Historic Scotland dealing with medieval or later rural settlement patterns .
[now] a member of the science-based archaeology committee of the science and engineering research soil protection policy for scotland , and an advisory group to historic scotland dealing with medieval or later rural settlement patterns .

Because it relies entirely on voluntary effort , the Association as currently constituted is not able to face a major expansion without help from the University .
because it relies entirely on voluntary effort , the association as [now] constituted is not able to face a major expansion without help from the university .

If you are not currently teaching and feel that some ‘ refresher ’ training would be useful , this can be arranged .
if you are not [now] teaching and feel that some ‘ refresher ’ training would be useful , this can be arranged .

Mother and Toddler classes are currently very popular and a leaflet on this type of class is being produced .
mother and toddler classes are [now] very popular and a leaflet on this type of class is being produced .

She is married to Peter Hutz and they have three daughters aged 21 , 19 and 17 , the eldest of whom , Ursula , is currently training at Coburg in gymnastics and physiotherapy .
she is married to peter hutz and they have three daughters aged 21 , 19 and 17 , the eldest of whom , ursula , is [now] training at coburg in gymnastics and physiotherapy .

She was elected Chairman of Kent Teachers in 1982 and is currently Treasurer , she also coaches the Kent Display Team .
she was elected chairman of kent teachers in 1982 and is [now] treasurer , she also coaches the kent display team .

As a member of the Norfolk training branch she held office as Treasurer for ten years and is currently branch Secretary .
as a member of the norfolk training branch she held office as treasurer for ten years and is [now] branch secretary .

The Statistical Office of the European Community is currently planning a ‘ twinning ’ scheme between certain African centres and selected European institutions in an attempt to remedy this lack .
the statistical office of the european community is [now] planning a ‘ twinning ’ scheme between certain african centres and selected european institutions in an attempt to remedy this lack .

The discount market is arguably unique to London and currently consists of eight discount houses ( refer to Table 4.6 for members ) .
the discount market is arguably unique to london and [now] consists of eight discount houses ( refer to table 4.6 for members ) .

It is earning an inferior return to that currently being earned elsewhere as a result of the rise in interest rates .
it is earning an inferior return to that [now] being earned elsewhere as a result of the rise in interest rates .

As a proportion of government debt they represent a small amount , however , they do have significance in relation to Bank of England operations in the money market and their number and therefore value outstanding is currently increasing slightly .
as a proportion of government debt they represent a small amount , however , they do have significance in relation to bank of england operations in the money market and their number and therefore value outstanding is [now] increasing slightly .

Business is conducted via money brokers , of which there are currently six .
business is conducted via money brokers , of which there are [now] six .

In Raving Beauties , currently running at the Liverpool Playhouse , Paula plays one of those people whose lives do not have much to offer .
in raving beauties , [now] running at the liverpool playhouse , paula plays one of those people whose lives do not have much to offer .

There are currently 43 men aged between 18 and 75 , living at the Plawsworth .
there are [now] 43 men aged between 18 and 75 , living at the plawsworth .

’ Dream On is currently showing in Middlesbrough as well as Newcastle .
’ dream on is [now] showing in middlesbrough as well as newcastle .

At the end of this term , the Ayton School choir goes to Coventry Cathedral and Mr Essex , who will sing there with them , is currently rehearsing them for this occasion .
at the end of this term , the ayton school choir goes to coventry cathedral and mr essex , who will sing there with them , is [now] rehearsing them for this occasion .

This major prestigious event is currently being coordinated by Northern Arts .
this major prestigious event is [now] being coordinated by northern arts .

Currently based at Billingham Arts Centre , he is one of four international artists with drawing residencies which are part of the Riverscape project , an international initiative jointly developed by Cleveland Arts and Teesside Tomorrow Ltd .
[now] based at billingham arts centre , he is one of four international artists with drawing residencies which are part of the riverscape project , an international initiative jointly developed by cleveland arts and teesside tomorrow ltd .

Edward Hamer , of Llanidloes , asked how New Zealand company Fortex , which is currently considering two shortlisted sites one near the Powys village , and another in Lockerbie , Scotland expected to create so many jobs when his company could do it with half the number .
edward hamer , of llanidloes , asked how new zealand company fortex , which is [now] considering two shortlisted sites one near the powys village , and another in lockerbie , scotland expected to create so many jobs when his company could do it with half the number .

Dr. Singh is currently leading a seven-strong applied chemistry research group at the polytechnic and is a referee for the chemistry committee of the Science and Engineering Research Council .
dr. singh is [now] leading a seven-strong applied chemistry research group at the polytechnic and is a referee for the chemistry committee of the science and engineering research council .

This represents a rise of a massive 140pc and has contributed to the high number of households registered as a priority for rehousing due to homelessness , currently 211 .
this represents a rise of a massive 140pc and has contributed to the high number of households registered as a priority for rehousing due to homelessness , [now] 211 .

The Motorcycle Action Group , which organised the event , claims the ideas currently being discussed by the European Commission are ‘ unjust and unfair ’ and will hit small bike manufacturers .
the motorcycle action group , which organised the event , claims the ideas [now] being discussed by the european commission are ‘ unjust and unfair ’ and will hit small bike manufacturers .

Hudson Bay is currently looking for sites in Newcastle and Middlesbrough to open up its drive-through operations .
hudson bay is [now] looking for sites in newcastle and middlesbrough to open up its drive-through operations .

The docks currently employ 36 people and this will increase to 51 over the next 18 months as part of plans to expand the business .
the docks [now] employ 36 people and this will increase to 51 over the next 18 months as part of plans to expand the business .

Hopes of work on the line is currently bedeviled by British Rail 's inertia , said Mr Medlock .
hopes of work on the line is [now] bedeviled by british rail 's inertia , said mr medlock .

The West Coast line is currently struggling to shake off a ‘ poor relation ’ tag .
the west coast line is [now] struggling to shake off a ‘ poor relation ’ tag .

Increased national coverage would add to the benefits currently provided to the tour operating business by the existing chain .
increased national coverage would add to the benefits [now] provided to the tour operating business by the existing chain .

The ambitious redevelopment project is currently being co-ordinated by the London Road Development Agency .
the ambitious redevelopment project is [now] being co-ordinated by the london road development agency .

Lancashire were beaten by three men named in the England squad for Lord 's although Essex 's star man , John Stephenson , is currently out of favour with the selectors .
lancashire were beaten by three men named in the england squad for lord 's although essex 's star man , john stephenson , is [now] out of favour with the selectors .

‘ This is financial sleight of hand of the worst sort , typical of the spivs currently running our economy .
‘ this is financial sleight of hand of the worst sort , typical of the spivs [now] running our economy .

The 7.6 acre site is currently used for grazing .
the 7.6 acre site is [now] used for grazing .

It currently trades from 11 stores , including the flagship in Newcastle 's Eldon Square , but the retailer has seen a huge increase in its core market .
it [now] trades from 11 stores , including the flagship in newcastle 's eldon square , but the retailer has seen a huge increase in its core market .

The polytechnic currently has 71 research students and another 20 waiting to be registered .
the polytechnic [now] has 71 research students and another 20 waiting to be registered .

The Shanghai and Hongkong Bank has made on offer of £3.1bn for Midland , but is currently reconsidering its offer .
the shanghai and hongkong bank has made on offer of £3.1bn for midland , but is [now] reconsidering its offer .

Management workers are currently holding crisis talks with union representatives to see if any more jobs can be saved .
management workers are [now] holding crisis talks with union representatives to see if any more jobs can be saved .

Mail is currently flown between Liverpool , Leeds , Stansted and Edinburgh and other freight contracts include the movement of newspapers from Liverpool to the Isle of Man and parcels to Belfast .
mail is [now] flown between liverpool , leeds , stansted and edinburgh and other freight contracts include the movement of newspapers from liverpool to the isle of man and parcels to belfast .

It has two manned platforms , with 200 men on each , in the North Sea and is currently building a third .
it has two manned platforms , with 200 men on each , in the north sea and is [now] building a third .

‘ It surely makes sense to re-direct money currently being spent on temporary accommodation into the building of homes whioch will solve this current crisis and provide an asset for the future . ’
‘ it surely makes sense to re-direct money [now] being spent on temporary accommodation into the building of homes whioch will solve this current crisis and provide an asset for the future . ’

The union is currently in negotiation with management about the transfer of staff to the company 's Ferryhill factory , but the total number of jobs expected to be created in a transfer will probably be less than 30 .
the union is [now] in negotiation with management about the transfer of staff to the company 's ferryhill factory , but the total number of jobs expected to be created in a transfer will probably be less than 30 .

But unemployment , currently in excess of 11pc , will be a factor in the campaign .
but unemployment , [now] in excess of 11pc , will be a factor in the campaign .

The charity already has plans drawn up for a ten-bed hospice at Middlesbrough to care for terminally ill people and contractors are currently submitting tenders for the work .
the charity already has plans drawn up for a ten-bed hospice at middlesbrough to care for terminally ill people and contractors are [now] submitting tenders for the work .

She was elected in 1987 and has served on Labour 's national executive and is currently party spokesmen for city and corporate affairs .
she was elected in 1987 and has served on labour 's national executive and is [now] party spokesmen for city and corporate affairs .

Currently , a Home Office grant pays for the schemes ' managers and co-ordinators .
[now] , a home office grant pays for the schemes ' managers and co-ordinators .

Charges would also have to be introduced for pensioners ' bus passes , currently free .
charges would also have to be introduced for pensioners ' bus passes , [now] free .

They currently pay £5 when the pass is issued .
they [now] pay £5 when the pass is issued .

Council leader and chairman of the City Challenge board Coun Michael Carr said : ‘ Our aim in City Challenge is to make major and hopefully permanent improvements to the quality of life of a community currently suffering unacceptable levels of economic and social hardship . ’
council leader and chairman of the city challenge board coun michael carr said : ‘ our aim in city challenge is to make major and hopefully permanent improvements to the quality of life of a community [now] suffering unacceptable levels of economic and social hardship . ’

The centre , in Middlesbrough Road , will contain a health clinic to replace the portable building accommodation currently housing the health clinic in Upper Branch Street .
the centre , in middlesbrough road , will contain a health clinic to replace the portable building accommodation [now] housing the health clinic in upper branch street .

The mine is currently closed for a week 's holiday .
the mine is [now] closed for a week 's holiday .

Middlesbrough 's waiting list currently stands at 6,500 , while more than 1,500 people applied to the council as homeless in 1991–2 .
middlesbrough 's waiting list [now] stands at 6,500 , while more than 1,500 people applied to the council as homeless in 1991–2 .

Such a move could underpin rent and asset values , though it also has to be pointed out that there is currently an over supply of good quality office space in the City .
such a move could underpin rent and asset values , though it also has to be pointed out that there is [now] an over supply of good quality office space in the city .

They are currently sifting through information gathered from more than 350 people questioned in a major weekend operation to retrace the dead man 's last known movements .
they are [now] sifting through information gathered from more than 350 people questioned in a major weekend operation to retrace the dead man 's last known movements .

Mr Noble said the scheme was currently being subjected to appraisal by the Department of the Environment to ensure that expenditure on the project represented good value for money .
mr noble said the scheme was [now] being subjected to appraisal by the department of the environment to ensure that expenditure on the project represented good value for money .

It is currently hosting an exhibition of African women artists black and white as Joe points out .
it is [now] hosting an exhibition of african women artists black and white as joe points out .

‘ There 's currently a cartoon series being made about me , ’ says Wilf .
‘ there 's [now] a cartoon series being made about me , ’ says wilf .

Currently he is ranked 145 .
[now] he is ranked 145 .

Chester College currently has 2,000 full-time undergraduate students and as many again on part-time , or non-degree courses .
chester college [now] has 2,000 full-time undergraduate students and as many again on part-time , or non-degree courses .

For the first time in 14 years , the country 's top sprinter , currently sunning himself in Australia , has decided to skip the event at which he has won a record nine men 's titles .
for the first time in 14 years , the country 's top sprinter , [now] sunning himself in australia , has decided to skip the event at which he has won a record nine men 's titles .

The facility will be run by Teesside General Aviation , a division of the Yorkshire Helicopter centre which currently operates the Tyne-Tees helicopter centre at the airport .
the facility will be run by teesside general aviation , a division of the yorkshire helicopter centre which [now] operates the tyne-tees helicopter centre at the airport .

Jeff is one of several NorthEast whistlers who are currently in the Conference Dave Oliver , Terry Heilbron , Jim Betts and Roy Pearson are also striving to progress .
jeff is one of several northeast whistlers who are [now] in the conference dave oliver , terry heilbron , jim betts and roy pearson are also striving to progress .

The workforce is currently completing work on a 32-house site off Newport Road for the Cleveland and Teeside Housing Association and is working with Middlesbrough Council to construct 60 more homes for sale on a site within the council 's City Challenge area .
the workforce is [now] completing work on a 32-house site off newport road for the cleveland and teeside housing association and is working with middlesbrough council to construct 60 more homes for sale on a site within the council 's city challenge area .

With the construction industry currently enduring its most severe depression in memory , the picture is not entirely rosy even for Roseberry .
with the construction industry [now] enduring its most severe depression in memory , the picture is not entirely rosy even for roseberry .

Hartlepool United , perennial prop of the Football League , currently stand within sight of Second Division football .
hartlepool united , perennial prop of the football league , [now] stand within sight of second division football .

Jeff Cranson 's side is currently third in the table , and gained a great boost to their title hopes by wining 4–0 at Northallerton on Saturday .
jeff cranson 's side is [now] third in the table , and gained a great boost to their title hopes by wining 4–0 at northallerton on saturday .

Murton have only one injury doubt , midfielder Nigel Robson with a neck problem , while Langley , currently second off bottom and needing the points may be unchanged .
murton have only one injury doubt , midfielder nigel robson with a neck problem , while langley , [now] second off bottom and needing the points may be unchanged .

Glendenen probably remembers the match best for having to face a 14-ball opening over from Essex 's former Hampshire paceman Steve Andrew , who currently has a fractured shoulder .
glendenen probably remembers the match best for having to face a 14-ball opening over from essex 's former hampshire paceman steve andrew , who [now] has a fractured shoulder .

Richardson is currently training with the British squad at Crystal Palace and is due to fly to Canada next month as part of the team 's build-up .
richardson is [now] training with the british squad at crystal palace and is due to fly to canada next month as part of the team 's build-up .

Fellow First Divisioners Middlesbrough were enduring the sort of season Newcastle United are currently experiencing .
fellow first divisioners middlesbrough were enduring the sort of season newcastle united are [now] experiencing .

There were calls for former White Hart Lane favourite Glenn Hoddle , currently managing Swindon , to be put in charge .
there were calls for former white hart lane favourite glenn hoddle , [now] managing swindon , to be put in charge .

The Langbaurgh Marathon has also been shelved this year , but the council is currently negotiating a sponsorship deal and are confident that the race , which incorporates the NorthEast Championship , will be resumed next year .
the langbaurgh marathon has also been shelved this year , but the council is [now] negotiating a sponsorship deal and are confident that the race , which incorporates the northeast championship , will be resumed next year .

Other championship hopefuls include England youth international Richard Walker of the home club , the 1990 champion who will be hoping to end a disappointing run of form and is sure to be closely pressed by past champions Tony McClure and Graham Bell while last year 's runner-up John Surtees , John Howson and Jim Dryden , who currently heads the Northern Master Golfer league table , are sure to figure in the action in the final round on Sunday afternoon .
other championship hopefuls include england youth international richard walker of the home club , the 1990 champion who will be hoping to end a disappointing run of form and is sure to be closely pressed by past champions tony mcclure and graham bell while last year 's runner-up john surtees , john howson and jim dryden , who [now] heads the northern master golfer league table , are sure to figure in the action in the final round on sunday afternoon .

He was also second in the Yorkshire Championships at Harrogate and is currently junior champion of Yorkshire .
he was also second in the yorkshire championships at harrogate and is [now] junior champion of yorkshire .

The club , currently without a ground of their own , failed to win planning permission to build a new multi-million pound sports and leisure complex outside the town when the local council voted 11–2 to reject the idea last November .
the club , [now] without a ground of their own , failed to win planning permission to build a new multi-million pound sports and leisure complex outside the town when the local council voted 11–2 to reject the idea last november .

Rugby officials say the offer has to be seriously considered and the two parties are currently holding talks .
rugby officials say the offer has to be seriously considered and the two parties are [now] holding talks .

The airport is currently grossly under-used .
the airport is [now] grossly under-used .

Chester City Council and Chester College are currently carrying out an extensive survey to identify skills of Blacon residents .
chester city council and chester college are [now] carrying out an extensive survey to identify skills of blacon residents .

In business , he ran a chain of clubs and pubs and is currently the host of Scribes West , in Kensington .
in business , he ran a chain of clubs and pubs and is [now] the host of scribes west , in kensington .

Pontblyddyn , reigning champions of the Bass North Wales League but currently struggling in fifth from bottom place with only three wins to their credit , produced a major upset after confining the Seasiders to 66–9 off their 40 overs allocation .
pontblyddyn , reigning champions of the bass north wales league but [now] struggling in fifth from bottom place with only three wins to their credit , produced a major upset after confining the seasiders to 66–9 off their 40 overs allocation .

He is currently in Israel although a leg strain will keep him out of the national side , who play Finland in Helsinki in a World Cup tie tomorrow .
he is [now] in israel although a leg strain will keep him out of the national side , who play finland in helsinki in a world cup tie tomorrow .

The best-selling small diesel model is currently the Ford Fiesta , followed by the Peugeots 205 and 106 , and the Renault Clio .
the best-selling small diesel model is [now] the ford fiesta , followed by the peugeots 205 and 106 , and the renault clio .

Across the region hundreds of farmers are counting the cost of the downpours … harvesting is currently an impossibility , but there 's still plenty to keep them busy … like rescuing stranded livestock … marooned in newly formed lakes near Thame in Oxfordshire .
across the region hundreds of farmers are counting the cost of the downpours … harvesting is [now] an impossibility , but there 's still plenty to keep them busy … like rescuing stranded livestock … marooned in newly formed lakes near thame in oxfordshire .

Currently there 's a workforce here of nine hundred .
[now] there 's a workforce here of nine hundred .

Windsor Women 's Centre currently employs members of staff and is hoping to increase that when the new centre opens .
windsor women 's centre [now] employs members of staff and is hoping to increase that when the new centre opens .

But Dr Cartwright and his colleagues are currently developing the world 's first vaccine for meningitis , which should be available in January .
but dr cartwright and his colleagues are [now] developing the world 's first vaccine for meningitis , which should be available in january .

The Hereford Animal Sanctuary is currently looking after around a hundred and fifty animals .
the hereford animal sanctuary is [now] looking after around a hundred and fifty animals .

Sanitary facilities for disabled people must also be provided where these currently exist for able-bodied people , on either ground or upper storeys .
sanitary facilities for disabled people must also be provided where these [now] exist for able-bodied people , on either ground or upper storeys .

Currently two Americans and one German are working at Fredheim .
[now] two americans and one german are working at fredheim .

Attacking North Down and Ards Community Unit , the Alliance member said no-one would be fooled by assurances that a new meals-on-wheels service , which is replacing the meals service currently provided by home helps , would lead to quality enhancement .
attacking north down and ards community unit , the alliance member said no-one would be fooled by assurances that a new meals-on-wheels service , which is replacing the meals service [now] provided by home helps , would lead to quality enhancement .

Each year an increasing number of people take up yoga to aid relaxation and treat stress-related illnesses , and courses are currently on offer in Queen 's University and Holywood .
each year an increasing number of people take up yoga to aid relaxation and treat stress-related illnesses , and courses are [now] on offer in queen 's university and holywood .

And travel agents are currently giving clients this advice …
and travel agents are [now] giving clients this advice …

‘ Languages of Ireland ’ , which runs from October 12 to 16 , takes as its theme the centenary of the founding of the Gaelic league and is a celebration of the rich diversity that currently exist in Irish writing .
‘ languages of ireland ’ , which runs from october 12 to 16 , takes as its theme the centenary of the founding of the gaelic league and is a celebration of the rich diversity that [now] exist in irish writing .

The unit currently teaches around 21 children from babies to young schoolchildren .
the unit [now] teaches around 21 children from babies to young schoolchildren .

The base currently trains around 8,000 airmen and officers a year in administrative and leadership skills .
the base [now] trains around 8,000 airmen and officers a year in administrative and leadership skills .

Father Martin now hopes to become a member of the Roman Catholic church , but admits that in this economic climate , he ca n't t many of those currently at odds will do likewise .
father martin now hopes to become a member of the roman catholic church , but admits that in this economic climate , he ca n't t many of those [now] at odds will do likewise .

Tomorrow 's visitors Derby County … are currently fifth in the first division .
tomorrow 's visitors derby county … are [now] fifth in the first division .

She said : ‘ Ms McGinley has exhausted the internal complaints system , and we understand her case is currently being considered by the Ombudsman .
she said : ‘ ms mcginley has exhausted the internal complaints system , and we understand her case is [now] being considered by the ombudsman .

‘ Inflation is rife , currently running at about 700pc .
‘ inflation is rife , [now] running at about 700pc .

He claimed the Government already had enough evidence to bring terrorists , who were currently free , to court .
he claimed the government already had enough evidence to bring terrorists , who were [now] free , to court .

‘ Relaxation and meditation play a major role in yoga and in the treatment of stress-related illnesses , the scourge of modern society , ’ says Norma Duffield of the Centre , currently enrolling for its autumn courses at Queen 's University , Belfast and Holywood .
‘ relaxation and meditation play a major role in yoga and in the treatment of stress-related illnesses , the scourge of modern society , ’ says norma duffield of the centre , [now] enrolling for its autumn courses at queen 's university , belfast and holywood .

Anyone wishing to nominate a building should contact the Ulster Architectural Heritage Society , 185 Stranmillis Road , Belfast , telephone 660809 . Buildings currently at risk :
anyone wishing to nominate a building should contact the ulster architectural heritage society , 185 stranmillis road , belfast , telephone 660809 . buildings [now] at risk :

He is currently 114th , his reward for top-four finishes in the recent German and English Opens , and no fewer than 11 under-par rounds from four big tournaments during August .
he is [now] 114th , his reward for top-four finishes in the recent german and english opens , and no fewer than 11 under-par rounds from four big tournaments during august .

One of those experts — John Kremer , a university lecturer who is currently writing a book on ‘ Psychology in Sport ’ — believes that mental training is as vital as physical training if talent is to excel .
one of those experts — john kremer , a university lecturer who is [now] writing a book on ‘ psychology in sport ’ — believes that mental training is as vital as physical training if talent is to excel .

The council is currently funding research here at the John Radcliffe hospital into whether arthritis is inherited .
the council is [now] funding research here at the john radcliffe hospital into whether arthritis is inherited .

Oxfordshire Health Authority is currently reviewing services … planners will then have the task of deciding whether more cash should go to the accident and emergency department …
oxfordshire health authority is [now] reviewing services … planners will then have the task of deciding whether more cash should go to the accident and emergency department …

The committee on the safety of medicines which advises ministers is currently examining steroids .
the committee on the safety of medicines which advises ministers is [now] examining steroids .

Currently one in workers suffers from depression in Northern Ireland , and absenteeism because of the condition exceeds that even for ulcers , diabetes , high blood pressure or arthritis .
[now] one in workers suffers from depression in northern ireland , and absenteeism because of the condition exceeds that even for ulcers , diabetes , high blood pressure or arthritis .

Billy names the players he believes have suffered and urges a change in the selection committee currently made up of one representative from the six teams in the inter-pro championships .
billy names the players he believes have suffered and urges a change in the selection committee [now] made up of one representative from the six teams in the inter-pro championships .

They are currently sixth in the seven-team group with five points from their 11 matches , tonight being their last in the qualifying series .
they are [now] sixth in the seven-team group with five points from their 11 matches , tonight being their last in the qualifying series .

’ Go for It , to go on screen in the New Year , was won last year by Peter Cory of Belfast , who is currently starring in Cosi Fan Tutti in Hamburg after turning professional .
’ go for it , to go on screen in the new year , was won last year by peter cory of belfast , who is [now] starring in cosi fan tutti in hamburg after turning professional .

British Rail , currently embroiled in the turmoil of privatisation , declined to be interviewed , but groups like Transport 2000 fear that when the railways are sold off in April next year , even more freight will be pushed onto the roads .
british rail , [now] embroiled in the turmoil of privatisation , declined to be interviewed , but groups like transport 2000 fear that when the railways are sold off in april next year , even more freight will be pushed onto the roads .

He hoped that new standards currently under discussion would be introduced rapidly and that manufacturers would respond .
he hoped that new standards [now] under discussion would be introduced rapidly and that manufacturers would respond .

Safety expert Dr Stephen Rattenbury told the inquest that both British and European standards are currently being reviewed .
safety expert dr stephen rattenbury told the inquest that both british and european standards are [now] being reviewed .

We at the Institute research into those disasters erm for which we currently have an expertise , as it were , but erm our group was founded actually at the beginning of erm the nineteen seventies and we have specialised quite a lot into looking at famine food erm emergencies and nutritional and medical engineering , sanitation aspects of famines , and lately we 've included in that erm quite of lot of , of work , research work into refugees , the cause of refugees , the prevention of refugees , the alleviation of suffering of refugees , particularly in developing countries .
we at the institute research into those disasters erm for which we [now] have an expertise , as it were , but erm our group was founded actually at the beginning of erm the nineteen seventies and we have specialised quite a lot into looking at famine food erm emergencies and nutritional and medical engineering , sanitation aspects of famines , and lately we 've included in that erm quite of lot of , of work , research work into refugees , the cause of refugees , the prevention of refugees , the alleviation of suffering of refugees , particularly in developing countries .

We have also made it very clear that upon the signing of a cease fire , but not before , all coalition forces will be drawn back from Iraqi territory that we currently occupy .
we have also made it very clear that upon the signing of a cease fire , but not before , all coalition forces will be drawn back from iraqi territory that we [now] occupy .

But if the government 's Food Safety Bill , which is currently before parliament gets through , the sight of food in our shops with the label ‘ Irradiated ’ on it , will become commonplace .
but if the government 's food safety bill , which is [now] before parliament gets through , the sight of food in our shops with the label ‘ irradiated ’ on it , will become commonplace .

Kenneth Clarke will become Education Secretary and William Waldegrade , currently Minister of State at the Foreign Office , will get the job of Health Secretary .
kenneth clarke will become education secretary and william waldegrade , [now] minister of state at the foreign office , will get the job of health secretary .

Kenneth Clarke is to become Education Secretary , and William Waldegrade , currently Minister of State at the Foreign Office , will get the job of Health Secretary .
kenneth clarke is to become education secretary , and william waldegrade , [now] minister of state at the foreign office , will get the job of health secretary .

Although we 're working er all the time to keep security as tight as we can at the John Radcliffe , er the scheme is going to give us the ability to challenge members of staff , legitimate members of staff , as we currently do , er and they will then have to provide , produce the card , er so we can then assess whether they are or are not a member of staff .
although we 're working er all the time to keep security as tight as we can at the john radcliffe , er the scheme is going to give us the ability to challenge members of staff , legitimate members of staff , as we [now] do , er and they will then have to provide , produce the card , er so we can then assess whether they are or are not a member of staff .

In the long term , yes , but what we 're currently doing as part of the assessment of the Finmere application is just checking the resources that do exist in those four areas , to , to make sure that we 're still able to meet our targets .
in the long term , yes , but what we 're [now] doing as part of the assessment of the finmere application is just checking the resources that do exist in those four areas , to , to make sure that we 're still able to meet our targets .

You mean currently women can not vote ?
you mean [now] women can not vote ?

Well do you think that the City Council is spending in an irrational and unreasonable way , currently and for the last ten years ?
well do you think that the city council is spending in an irrational and unreasonable way , [now] and for the last ten years ?

Currently there are 129 members of management on the five year course .
[now] there are 129 members of management on the five year course .

There are currently more than 7,000 people working for Savacentre and , with the opening of two new stores , this will increase to more than 8,500 .
there are [now] more than 7,000 people working for savacentre and , with the opening of two new stores , this will increase to more than 8,500 .

In total , 16 stores are currently scanning , representing over 30 % of total company sales .
in total , 16 stores are [now] scanning , representing over 30 % of total company sales .

The coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items included an element which denoted the type of binding in which they were currently contained .
the coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items included an element which denoted the type of binding in which they were [now] contained .

With currently available equipment we are not able to discover what goes on in detail in the brain when someone is speaking , though we can make guesses based on evidence such as speech errors ( ‘ slips of the tongue ’ ) and the effects on speech production of different sorts of brain damage .
with [now] available equipment we are not able to discover what goes on in detail in the brain when someone is speaking , though we can make guesses based on evidence such as speech errors ( ‘ slips of the tongue ’ ) and the effects on speech production of different sorts of brain damage .

Following a period of induction , he will take over the insurance function currently managed by the assistant company secretary and will also be responsible for developing and coordinating a risk management programme for the Group , to reduce losses in all parts of the business .
following a period of induction , he will take over the insurance function [now] managed by the assistant company secretary and will also be responsible for developing and coordinating a risk management programme for the group , to reduce losses in all parts of the business .

Beer is currently at the stage wine was at ten years ago .
beer is [now] at the stage wine was at ten years ago .

Buyers are currently working on this one with suppliers and will need to get the mix of flavours to suit as many customers as possible .
buyers are [now] working on this one with suppliers and will need to get the mix of flavours to suit as many customers as possible .

Buyers are currently looking at stocking these items .
buyers are [now] looking at stocking these items .

Buyers are currently looking at packaging of inner soles which would need to be changed if we were to stock them .
buyers are [now] looking at packaging of inner soles which would need to be changed if we were to stock them .

She was very impressed and there is a possibility we may stock it in the future along with other similar species buyers are currently investigating .
she was very impressed and there is a possibility we may stock it in the future along with other similar species buyers are [now] investigating .

They currently retail at £1.29 per lb for the Momotara and £1.39 per 4OOg for the Flavia .
they [now] retail at £1.29 per lb for the momotara and £1.39 per 4oog for the flavia .

They retail for 95p for a pack of six , and are currently in selected stores only .
they retail for 95p for a pack of six , and are [now] in selected stores only .

Railcards , which currently give discounts off standard and reduced-rate fares to the young , the old and families — at least nationally accepted versions could also share the same fate , as could the combined rail-bus-underground Travel card in London .
railcards , which [now] give discounts off standard and reduced-rate fares to the young , the old and families — at least nationally accepted versions could also share the same fate , as could the combined rail-bus-underground travel card in london .

Cheshire County Council is currently considering whether to contribute to a southbound spur to the Manchester-Crewe via Styal line — total cost estimated at £5 million — which would give direct access to the airport from the south of the country , as well as the Midlands , Chester and North Wales .
cheshire county council is [now] considering whether to contribute to a southbound spur to the manchester-crewe via styal line — total cost estimated at £5 million — which would give direct access to the airport from the south of the country , as well as the midlands , chester and north wales .

In due course the facility will also supply coil coatings and provide local support for yacht and aerospace customers currently serviced from Singapore .
in due course the facility will also supply coil coatings and provide local support for yacht and aerospace customers [now] serviced from singapore .

The Wyeth project is one of the largest construction jobs currently being undertaken in Ireland .
the wyeth project is one of the largest construction jobs [now] being undertaken in ireland .

Sales were focused first on the East Coats , then the West Coast and are now spreading to the Gulf of Mexico , pulling in new business — currently worth about £1 million a year — at a time when marine growth is static .
sales were focused first on the east coats , then the west coast and are now spreading to the gulf of mexico , pulling in new business — [now] worth about £1 million a year — at a time when marine growth is static .

It is currently committed to a multi-million pound improvement programme involving new plant and upgrading existing facilities .
it is [now] committed to a multi-million pound improvement programme involving new plant and upgrading existing facilities .

The currently fashionable and oft repeated litany is that although the world air transport industry is presently going through a fundamental and painful period of change , this will ultimately lead to a new and improved deployment of resources , through the creation of far fewer but infinitely larger air carriers .
the [now] fashionable and oft repeated litany is that although the world air transport industry is presently going through a fundamental and painful period of change , this will ultimately lead to a new and improved deployment of resources , through the creation of far fewer but infinitely larger air carriers .

Wythenshawe Hospital 's new Heart-Start Appeal is currently redoubling its efforts to raise £1m towards the cost of another heart transplant centre which will open today .
wythenshawe hospital 's new heart-start appeal is [now] redoubling its efforts to raise £1m towards the cost of another heart transplant centre which will open today .

Dahlum , currently on a month 's loan at Old Trafford , could clinch a contract with an impressive reserve performance against Sheffield United this week .
dahlum , [now] on a month 's loan at old trafford , could clinch a contract with an impressive reserve performance against sheffield united this week .

They are currently equal fourth with four other clubs on 11 points .
they are [now] equal fourth with four other clubs on 11 points .

Mr MacCleod is currently involved in managing an annual budget of more than £7m and a workforce of around 250 , providing services , including street lighting , highways , cleansing and maintenance , landscape and grounds maintenance on behalf of Knowsley Council .
mr maccleod is [now] involved in managing an annual budget of more than £7m and a workforce of around 250 , providing services , including street lighting , highways , cleansing and maintenance , landscape and grounds maintenance on behalf of knowsley council .

Holmes , who set British League appearance records as a competitor with Liverpool Harriers , is currently very active promotion and developing multievents in the North West .
holmes , who set british league appearance records as a competitor with liverpool harriers , is [now] very active promotion and developing multievents in the north west .

She is currently sharpening her business skills and gaining practical experience at the Greenfield Valley Enterprise Centre on a ‘ Women into Business ’ course .
she is [now] sharpening her business skills and gaining practical experience at the greenfield valley enterprise centre on a ‘ women into business ’ course .

His only acquisition in that time has been full-back Gary Parkinson , currently on-loan from Middlesbrough .
his only acquisition in that time has been full-back gary parkinson , [now] on-loan from middlesbrough .

Owens , whose dispute with Moorcroft was settled by the Central Area Council and who is currently handling his own affairs , is to box new British super-featherweight champion Neil Haddock ( Llanelli ) at Everton Park Sports Centre on December 1 .
owens , whose dispute with moorcroft was settled by the central area council and who is [now] handling his own affairs , is to box new british super-featherweight champion neil haddock ( llanelli ) at everton park sports centre on december 1 .

The workforce at the engine plant currently stands at 150 , most of whom have been trained from the main car production plant .
the workforce at the engine plant [now] stands at 150 , most of whom have been trained from the main car production plant .

The group has a regular daily attendance of 22 youngsters , and currently meets at St Joseph 's Retreat .
the group has a regular daily attendance of 22 youngsters , and [now] meets at st joseph 's retreat .

Richard Jones , currently with Anglesey side Cemaes Bay , was formerly on Bangor City 's books and together with club-mate Simon Flowers has been at the Racecourse this week .
richard jones , [now] with anglesey side cemaes bay , was formerly on bangor city 's books and together with club-mate simon flowers has been at the racecourse this week .

They have been on shopping trips , watched plenty of television and have even enjoyed visits to the Camelot theme park and Formby sands , courtesy of John Davies , another friend of Bob 's , who is currently out of work and has volunteered with his wife to take the Causevics on occasional days out .
they have been on shopping trips , watched plenty of television and have even enjoyed visits to the camelot theme park and formby sands , courtesy of john davies , another friend of bob 's , who is [now] out of work and has volunteered with his wife to take the causevics on occasional days out .

An impressive five lengths Folkestone success over Thimbalina in June lingers in the memory principally because of an outstanding ride by Lester Piggott , currently recovering from that horrific Breeders ' Cup fall .
an impressive five lengths folkestone success over thimbalina in june lingers in the memory principally because of an outstanding ride by lester piggott , [now] recovering from that horrific breeders ' cup fall .

The fully-trained counsellors at Manchester operate on a shift basis , currently from 4pm to 8pm every day — including Christmas Day .
the fully-trained counsellors at manchester operate on a shift basis , [now] from 4pm to 8pm every day — including christmas day .

Mr Cunningham had asked Mr Lamont to ‘ extend taxation of income to members of the Royal Family who are currently excluded . ’
mr cunningham had asked mr lamont to ‘ extend taxation of income to members of the royal family who are [now] excluded . ’

Ford says it has provided more than half of the Motability-registered cars currently used under contract hire agreements .
ford says it has provided more than half of the motability-registered cars [now] used under contract hire agreements .

Although the Ibrox side are currently servicing a £12m overdraft , they could slash that figure dramatically thanks to their triumph over English champions Leeds United .
although the ibrox side are [now] servicing a £12m overdraft , they could slash that figure dramatically thanks to their triumph over english champions leeds united .

As well as Aldo , Rovers are currently being well served by two of my compatriots Steve Mungall and Neil McNab .
as well as aldo , rovers are [now] being well served by two of my compatriots steve mungall and neil mcnab .

Mr Major , currently president of the European Community , met Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd and president of the Board of Trade Michael Heseltine to discuss the crisis this morning .
mr major , [now] president of the european community , met foreign secretary douglas hurd and president of the board of trade michael heseltine to discuss the crisis this morning .

Raphael , who lives in Liverpool , is currently in a duo with bass player Christine Purnell .
raphael , who lives in liverpool , is [now] in a duo with bass player christine purnell .

He has overseen the introduction of training courses in quality improvement , and the Training Department is currently preparing more quality related courses .
he has overseen the introduction of training courses in quality improvement , and the training department is [now] preparing more quality related courses .

Annette Boyle has been promoted to catering manager to spearhead this exciting venture and she is already working closely with the Texaco facilities management team to ensure the move , currently scheduled for January , is as smooth as possible .
annette boyle has been promoted to catering manager to spearhead this exciting venture and she is already working closely with the texaco facilities management team to ensure the move , [now] scheduled for january , is as smooth as possible .

Currently most departments , including sales , accounts and laboratories are based near the centre of Le Havre in premises built in the early 1900s .
[now] most departments , including sales , accounts and laboratories are based near the centre of le havre in premises built in the early 1900s .

Plans are being drawn up for a new production line that will provide additional capacity of 60,000 tubes per day at the factory currently making 317,000 tubes per day .
plans are being drawn up for a new production line that will provide additional capacity of 60,000 tubes per day at the factory [now] making 317,000 tubes per day .

The two will only be equal : ( a ) if wages and prices are such that firms plan to produce what is currently being produced ; and ( b ) if firms are able to implement their production plans successfully .
the two will only be equal : ( a ) if wages and prices are such that firms plan to produce what is [now] being produced ; and ( b ) if firms are able to implement their production plans successfully .

Air quality manager Peter Shawcross said the results were currently being examined and evaluated and that interesting facts were already coming to light .
air quality manager peter shawcross said the results were [now] being examined and evaluated and that interesting facts were already coming to light .

Currently , clothing represents almost 50 per cent of Fibres ' business , with carpets and products for industrial uses [ from conveyor belt reinforcement to computer ribbons and parachutes ] both expanding rapidly and profitably .
[now] , clothing represents almost 50 per cent of fibres ' business , with carpets and products for industrial uses [ from conveyor belt reinforcement to computer ribbons and parachutes ] both expanding rapidly and profitably .

It has expanded into Europe and North America and is currently looking to the markets of Japan , the Far East and South America .
it has expanded into europe and north america and is [now] looking to the markets of japan , the far east and south america .

the full extent of uses of potassium hydroxide , which is currently used to produce ‘ Victrex ’ thermoplastics , have not been fully developed ; This chemical could be used as the starting material for the development of a range of potassium salts , Hunt believes .
the full extent of uses of potassium hydroxide , which is [now] used to produce ‘ victrex ’ thermoplastics , have not been fully developed ; this chemical could be used as the starting material for the development of a range of potassium salts , hunt believes .

Most of the uses of those currently available are firmly established , but there is scope for new products and prospects for growth are exciting .
most of the uses of those [now] available are firmly established , but there is scope for new products and prospects for growth are exciting .

To illustrate the group 's sales philosophy , Adrian Bromley sketches a long-sided , short-based isosceles triangle which , he says , represents the worldwide total market for resins , currently worth around $ 45 billion .
to illustrate the group 's sales philosophy , adrian bromley sketches a long-sided , short-based isosceles triangle which , he says , represents the worldwide total market for resins , [now] worth around $ 45 billion .

Walter Boag assesses their present-day successors who are currently expanding the text of the soda ash story in a way which , for enterprise and determination , would surely win an approving nod .
walter boag assesses their present-day successors who are [now] expanding the text of the soda ash story in a way which , for enterprise and determination , would surely win an approving nod .

There are projected outlets , too , for new , high-purity silicates currently being developed for applications in high technology .
there are projected outlets , too , for new , high-purity silicates [now] being developed for applications in high technology .

The 5–14 proposals , which are designed to prepare children for the Standard Grade and Revised Highers syllabi currently in place throughout mainstream Scottish Education , will form the basis of Scottish Primary Education for the rest of this century and beyond .
the 5–14 proposals , which are designed to prepare children for the standard grade and revised highers syllabi [now] in place throughout mainstream scottish education , will form the basis of scottish primary education for the rest of this century and beyond .

Our medium term plan sets out a programme for developing the business we currently have in North America and Europe .
our medium term plan sets out a programme for developing the business we [now] have in north america and europe .

‘ It should speed up the whole process and save money for companies currently using outside computer services , ’ said , project manager for Management Information Services at Courtaulds Coatings Inc .
‘ it should speed up the whole process and save money for companies [now] using outside computer services , ’ said , project manager for management information services at courtaulds coatings inc .

Bruno is currently on the lookout for a sponsor and would love to put Tencel or Courtelle on the team shirts .
bruno is [now] on the lookout for a sponsor and would love to put tencel or courtelle on the team shirts .

, chief executive , Courtaulds Performance Films ( currently responsible for business development in the former Soviet Union ) .
, chief executive , courtaulds performance films ( [now] responsible for business development in the former soviet union ) .

Developed in response to customer demands , the process is currently being adapted to suit individual industrial needs .
developed in response to customer demands , the process is [now] being adapted to suit individual industrial needs .

‘ Would you tell me the name of the equipment you currently use ? ’
‘ would you tell me the name of the equipment you [now] use ? ’

Currently , 20 gas powered Maestro , Escort , Transit and Leyland Daf vans are operated by British Gas in the South East region , while in the North West 100 vans , mostly Escorts and Transits , are being converted .
[now] , 20 gas powered maestro , escort , transit and leyland daf vans are operated by british gas in the south east region , while in the north west 100 vans , mostly escorts and transits , are being converted .

And if your father is currently taking your side of things worth sounding him out as to how far he 'll take
and if your father is [now] taking your side of things worth sounding him out as to how far he 'll take

Te yes erm currently twelve weeks ex works erm .
te yes erm [now] twelve weeks ex works erm .

Anyway , this mahogany/maple combination is currently my favourite recipe for guitar construction .
anyway , this mahogany/maple combination is [now] my favourite recipe for guitar construction .

But as with Gibson 's non-reverse Thunderbirds — and remember , until a few years ago the same could be said for Fender Jaguars and Jazzmasters — they are just not currently de rigueur .
but as with gibson 's non-reverse thunderbirds — and remember , until a few years ago the same could be said for fender jaguars and jazzmasters — they are just not [now] de rigueur .

And the story behind these instruments is that Roberto Brandoni , a London-based importer of Italian musical goods , stumbled upon a warehouse full of necks , bodies and parts , bought the lot and is currently assembling and selling them .
and the story behind these instruments is that roberto brandoni , a london-based importer of italian musical goods , stumbled upon a warehouse full of necks , bodies and parts , bought the lot and is [now] assembling and selling them .

Although it has tended during its fairly-long aquarium history to virtually disappear from time to time , it is currently fairly commonly available , so this seems a good time to take a detailed look at this fish and its requirements .
although it has tended during its fairly-long aquarium history to virtually disappear from time to time , it is [now] fairly commonly available , so this seems a good time to take a detailed look at this fish and its requirements .

We review a large range of the box filters currently available for the smaller pond .
we review a large range of the box filters [now] available for the smaller pond .

With regard to your August and September editorials on guitar design , the majority of your comments were perfectly fair but you can hardly blame guitar manufacturers for turning out what the public seems to want ( currently , vintage lookalikes and the so-called superStrat ) .
with regard to your august and september editorials on guitar design , the majority of your comments were perfectly fair but you can hardly blame guitar manufacturers for turning out what the public seems to want ( [now] , vintage lookalikes and the so-called superstrat ) .

Power means heat production , a situation made even more critical by the fact that internal space for heat dispersion is at a premium on a unit such as this , currently the smallest rackmount amp available with this power rating .
power means heat production , a situation made even more critical by the fact that internal space for heat dispersion is at a premium on a unit such as this , [now] the smallest rackmount amp available with this power rating .

He was as usual training his sights exclusively on the goal currently in view , in this case the unification of South Africa , the kindergarten campaign for which seemed at that moment to require a concession to Afrikaner racial prejudice .
he was as usual training his sights exclusively on the goal [now] in view , in this case the unification of south africa , the kindergarten campaign for which seemed at that moment to require a concession to afrikaner racial prejudice .

Surveying the African scene , Hailey found no sign of the existence of organized mass opposition to British rule , an assessment with which , in fact , most students of the subject would currently agree .
surveying the african scene , hailey found no sign of the existence of organized mass opposition to british rule , an assessment with which , in fact , most students of the subject would [now] agree .

We can argue for a redefinition of concepts such as ‘ sexually attractive ’ to include all those women currently negated .
we can argue for a redefinition of concepts such as ‘ sexually attractive ’ to include all those women [now] negated .

Fat women are campaigning against all forms of discrimination currently experienced .
fat women are campaigning against all forms of discrimination [now] experienced .

Stick foods are currently very popular — with a lot of air in the mix they float like a Li-Lo .
stick foods are [now] very popular — with a lot of air in the mix they float like a li-lo .

The problem is that many of the PCs currently on offer have not been thoroughly tested prior to despatch , and come complete with one or more faults .
the problem is that many of the pcs [now] on offer have not been thoroughly tested prior to despatch , and come complete with one or more faults .

In the face of possible threats to the full 300kHz band from broadcast expansion , European amateurs had hoped that what might emerge was a worldwide common 200kHz band , although the International Amateur Radio Union felt the amateur service should not relinquish any of its full 300kHz where currently allocated .
in the face of possible threats to the full 300khz band from broadcast expansion , european amateurs had hoped that what might emerge was a worldwide common 200khz band , although the international amateur radio union felt the amateur service should not relinquish any of its full 300khz where [now] allocated .

‘ Copper Blue ’ , the Sugar debut currently wowing the critical establishment from The Guardian to Kerrang !
‘ copper blue ’ , the sugar debut [now] wowing the critical establishment from the guardian to kerrang !

He is currently investigating the unusual claims made for this range of products .
he is [now] investigating the unusual claims made for this range of products .

The research currently carried out in the Glasgow Homoeopathic Hospital embraces a number of fields other than homoeopathy , such as diets and diet therapy , neural therapy , magnetic field therapy and acupuncture .
the research [now] carried out in the glasgow homoeopathic hospital embraces a number of fields other than homoeopathy , such as diets and diet therapy , neural therapy , magnetic field therapy and acupuncture .

The pinnacle of this endeavour currently is transplant surgery or ‘ spare-part ’ surgery , analogous to the replacement of worn-out parts in a machine !
the pinnacle of this endeavour [now] is transplant surgery or ‘ spare-part ’ surgery , analogous to the replacement of worn-out parts in a machine !

The unemployed are currently only ( sic ) 14 per cent of the available labour force , but they constitute approximately 40 per cent of those convicted .
the unemployed are [now] only ( sic ) 14 per cent of the available labour force , but they constitute approximately 40 per cent of those convicted .

Given the rational nature of corporate crime , a higher level of fines than is imposed currently would probably deter some potential offenders .
given the rational nature of corporate crime , a higher level of fines than is imposed [now] would probably deter some potential offenders .

It could be argued that since these are indefensible when applied , as they are currently , to conventional criminals , they ought not to be extended to corporate criminals .
it could be argued that since these are indefensible when applied , as they are [now] , to conventional criminals , they ought not to be extended to corporate criminals .

The latest musical Manson statement , however , is not a three-minute thrash song or a badly recorded ‘ smuggled ’ prison tape from the man himself , currently locked up in San Quentin , but a full-blown opera entitled The Manson Family by New York composer John Moran .
the latest musical manson statement , however , is not a three-minute thrash song or a badly recorded ‘ smuggled ’ prison tape from the man himself , [now] locked up in san quentin , but a full-blown opera entitled the manson family by new york composer john moran .

Birmingham 's first-choice goalkeeper Andy Gosney is currently out of action with a shoulder injury .
birmingham 's first-choice goalkeeper andy gosney is [now] out of action with a shoulder injury .

On the show business thermometer of fame , Tim Robbins is currently somewhere around the temperature which sets jam .
on the show business thermometer of fame , tim robbins is [now] somewhere around the temperature which sets jam .

Redhead Sonia , currently enjoying a Top 40 hit with Boogie Nights , says : ‘ One of the problems is no one can understand the foreign songs and the contest is suffering as a result .
redhead sonia , [now] enjoying a top 40 hit with boogie nights , says : ‘ one of the problems is no one can understand the foreign songs and the contest is suffering as a result .

Exciting promotions currently in Woolworths include :
exciting promotions [now] in woolworths include :

Clydesdale stores , with electrical shops in the Midlands , the North and Scotland , are currently offering four days ' bed and breakfast at any hotel in the Stakis chain for the price of one .
clydesdale stores , with electrical shops in the midlands , the north and scotland , are [now] offering four days ' bed and breakfast at any hotel in the stakis chain for the price of one .

Currently , there are 2179 officially recognised tartans and the only one you ca n't buy is the Balmoral , exclusive to the Royal family since 1852 .
[now] , there are 2179 officially recognised tartans and the only one you ca n't buy is the balmoral , exclusive to the royal family since 1852 .

This is currently one of the most popular — and safest — ways of setting up on your own .
this is [now] one of the most popular — and safest — ways of setting up on your own .

The Irish singer-songwriter currently on a sell-out tour of Britain , booked the studio in South West London for two months but walked out after just two days , grumbling about the decor .
the irish singer-songwriter [now] on a sell-out tour of britain , booked the studio in south west london for two months but walked out after just two days , grumbling about the decor .

Some agencies may also circulate details to nurses currently registered with them .
some agencies may also circulate details to nurses [now] registered with them .

Research skills are now taught very early in nurse education , so that the value of research is appreciated not as an ephemeral , ivory tower point of view , but as a solid foundation for basing nursing care on the most effective means currently available of providing care .
research skills are now taught very early in nurse education , so that the value of research is appreciated not as an ephemeral , ivory tower point of view , but as a solid foundation for basing nursing care on the most effective means [now] available of providing care .

Many nursing studies departments have tutors with a specific remit for assisting nurses with their postbasic education , and they are usually very happy to provide assistance and advice to nurses currently in practice .
many nursing studies departments have tutors with a specific remit for assisting nurses with their postbasic education , and they are usually very happy to provide assistance and advice to nurses [now] in practice .

Proposed cycle access to the whole of the Taff Trail in Wales is currently being discussed by the Brecon Beacons National Park Authority .
proposed cycle access to the whole of the taff trail in wales is [now] being discussed by the brecon beacons national park authority .

While cyclists can currently travel from Merthyr to Talybont-on-Usk using a combination of disused railway lines , forestry tracks and minor roads , the stretch between Talybont and Brecon is along an unsuitable canal towpath .
while cyclists can [now] travel from merthyr to talybont-on-usk using a combination of disused railway lines , forestry tracks and minor roads , the stretch between talybont and brecon is along an unsuitable canal towpath .

We throw light on the different kinds of torches currently available in the shops
we throw light on the different kinds of torches [now] available in the shops

The use of neural networks for handwriting recognition is also currently being researched ( Schomaker and Teulings , 1990 ; Morasso and Pagliano , 1991 ; Skrzypek et al , 1991 ) .
the use of neural networks for handwriting recognition is also [now] being researched ( schomaker and teulings , 1990 ; morasso and pagliano , 1991 ; skrzypek et al , 1991 ) .

Currently available dictionaries vary in size and content ( Amsler 1984 , Lesk 1986 ) .
[now] available dictionaries vary in size and content ( amsler 1984 , lesk 1986 ) .

Some could perhaps be collected from the input to currently available spelling checkers , as long as the words are verified as worthwhile including as common misspellings .
some could perhaps be collected from the input to [now] available spelling checkers , as long as the words are verified as worthwhile including as common misspellings .

Currently , the recogniser does not fully exploit information about the physical properties of the input .
[now] , the recogniser does not fully exploit information about the physical properties of the input .

The syntax analyser currently operates using statistical information about the combination of sequences of grammatical categories .
the syntax analyser [now] operates using statistical information about the combination of sequences of grammatical categories .

As an experiment , using the currently available zone codes from the recogniser , if the recogniser 's zone code of a candidate word does not match the shape code of the word , the confidence in the candidate word can be reduced , thus it will be further down in the rank ordered list of candidate words .
as an experiment , using the [now] available zone codes from the recogniser , if the recogniser 's zone code of a candidate word does not match the shape code of the word , the confidence in the candidate word can be reduced , thus it will be further down in the rank ordered list of candidate words .

However even currently available estimates already show encouraging results in the case 2 scenario described above .
however even [now] available estimates already show encouraging results in the case 2 scenario described above .

Apparently they 're the offspring of a few cabbage white butterflies which were blown across the channel , have hatched , and are currently munching their way through the garden of England .
apparently they 're the offspring of a few cabbage white butterflies which were blown across the channel , have hatched , and are [now] munching their way through the garden of england .

The charge came after Customs officers found cocaine worth £6 million on a trailer used by Vic Lee Motorsport , currently third in the touring car championship , at a ferry terminal in Sheerness , Kent .
the charge came after customs officers found cocaine worth £6 million on a trailer used by vic lee motorsport , [now] third in the touring car championship , at a ferry terminal in sheerness , kent .

The villa — packed with antiques and complete with tennis court and Jacuzzi — is currently on the market for £1 million .
the villa — packed with antiques and complete with tennis court and jacuzzi — is [now] on the market for £1 million .

It is currently turning out the 146 high-wing short-haul airliner .
it is [now] turning out the 146 high-wing short-haul airliner .

Heather Barrett is a journalist who has trekked extensively around the world . She is currently co-writing a book on her recent Amazon expedition
heather barrett is a journalist who has trekked extensively around the world . she is [now] co-writing a book on her recent amazon expedition

Borg is currently negotiating a pay-off for his second wife , Italian singer Loredana Berte , too .
borg is [now] negotiating a pay-off for his second wife , italian singer loredana berte , too .

We currently import most of our bananas from South America and the Caribbean .
we [now] import most of our bananas from south america and the caribbean .

‘ The apparent similarities and some differences are currently being checked out . ’
‘ the apparent similarities and some differences are [now] being checked out . ’

From a refereeing point of view , when the maul becomes stationary the time allowed for the ball to emerge is the equivalent of the time currently allowed for the emergence of the ball from a collapsed maul .
from a refereeing point of view , when the maul becomes stationary the time allowed for the ball to emerge is the equivalent of the time [now] allowed for the emergence of the ball from a collapsed maul .

Likeably laid-back and a philosophic kind of personality , Hastings currently has a crucial priority — recovery from back damage that kept him out of that Second Australian Test .
likeably laid-back and a philosophic kind of personality , hastings [now] has a crucial priority — recovery from back damage that kept him out of that second australian test .

The simple truth is that for the duration of the tours rugby became the political football in the power-broking struggle currently being played out between the various factions in South African politics .
the simple truth is that for the duration of the tours rugby became the political football in the power-broking struggle [now] being played out between the various factions in south african politics .

The band , currently re-equipping after most of their instruments were stolen in Burnley last month , play and London Finsbury Park Cult In The Park Festival ( headlining the second stage ) .
the band , [now] re-equipping after most of their instruments were stolen in burnley last month , play and london finsbury park cult in the park festival ( headlining the second stage ) .

Meanwhile , the band are currently working on a third album to follow '91 's ‘ The Beast Inside ’ .
meanwhile , the band are [now] working on a third album to follow '91 's ‘ the beast inside ’ .

The very fact that The Star is even interested in Carter marks out the rather sizeable arena they are currently entering .
the very fact that the star is even interested in carter marks out the rather sizeable arena they are [now] entering .

Aug 22 1987 Skateboarding was back — a movement ( as spearheaded by The Stupids ) that currently thrives under a bridge in Waterloo .
aug 22 1987 skateboarding was back — a movement ( as spearheaded by the stupids ) that [now] thrives under a bridge in waterloo .

Currently residing in the ‘ Whatever Happened To ’ file
[now] residing in the ‘ whatever happened to ’ file

Tom Price is a no-nonsense plank-basher , once with pre-Sub Pop legends The U-Men , currently with Gas Huffer and responsible here for the gritty foundation to these 13 expositions of hurt and hard-knocks .
tom price is a no-nonsense plank-basher , once with pre-sub pop legends the u-men , [now] with gas huffer and responsible here for the gritty foundation to these 13 expositions of hurt and hard-knocks .

And ‘ Introduction ’ , currently with a three-track freebie thrown in , invests all his experience in the pursuit of perfection .
and ‘ introduction ’ , [now] with a three-track freebie thrown in , invests all his experience in the pursuit of perfection .

The British Medical Association is currently reviewing its position on the permanent vegetative state .
the british medical association is [now] reviewing its position on the permanent vegetative state .

Currently only 2 per cent of under-fives have access to full time publicly-funded day-care .
[now] only 2 per cent of under-fives have access to full time publicly-funded day-care .

Of the twenty-five-odd multilateral agreements on the laws of war which are currently in force , many contain either specific provisions , or important statements of general principle , which have potential relevance to the question of nuclear weapons use .
of the twenty-five-odd multilateral agreements on the laws of war which are [now] in force , many contain either specific provisions , or important statements of general principle , which have potential relevance to the question of nuclear weapons use .

For the interconnected problems outlined above call strongly into question the ability of the present institutional apparatus of the state to respond in an appropriate manner to the various challenges which currently confront it .
for the interconnected problems outlined above call strongly into question the ability of the present institutional apparatus of the state to respond in an appropriate manner to the various challenges which [now] confront it .

Although the details of the prescriptions advanced in each case may vary , there is some similarity in the nature of the diagnosis which each offers for what it is that currently afflicts our ailing body politic .
although the details of the prescriptions advanced in each case may vary , there is some similarity in the nature of the diagnosis which each offers for what it is that [now] afflicts our ailing body politic .

At any rate , the scope of Dworkin 's rights theory as currently formulated is plainly too narrow to generate the kind of economic rights that might be consistent with an equal right to self-development .
at any rate , the scope of dworkin 's rights theory as [now] formulated is plainly too narrow to generate the kind of economic rights that might be consistent with an equal right to self-development .

Of course it by no means follows that the courts themselves are any less immune from the risks of unfairness or inefficiency in their pursuit of policy objectives , especially as currently constituted .
of course it by no means follows that the courts themselves are any less immune from the risks of unfairness or inefficiency in their pursuit of policy objectives , especially as [now] constituted .

This decision , and its reasoning , is still being relied on in the growing number of tax-diversion cases that are currently coming before the inferior courts in England and Scotland , and it has most recently been affirmed as decisive by the High Court once more , in Boulton v. Oestreicher .
this decision , and its reasoning , is still being relied on in the growing number of tax-diversion cases that are [now] coming before the inferior courts in england and scotland , and it has most recently been affirmed as decisive by the high court once more , in boulton v. oestreicher .

Daniel Digby , provost of the G-Mek Orbital , has issued a formal denial to allegations by Ayatollah Bakhtiar that fugitive graphic novelist Neil Gaiman has been in hiding in the facility , and has requested that the Pan-Islamic congress stand down the Inter-Satellite Ballistic Missiles currently targeted on them .
daniel digby , provost of the g-mek orbital , has issued a formal denial to allegations by ayatollah bakhtiar that fugitive graphic novelist neil gaiman has been in hiding in the facility , and has requested that the pan-islamic congress stand down the inter-satellite ballistic missiles [now] targeted on them .

Guns and Killing magazine currently rate her as the sixth most dangerous solo outlaw in the Americas , and she is the highest-ranked woman on the list , coming in at thirty-seven places above the Antarctic esperado Ice Kold Katie .
guns and killing magazine [now] rate her as the sixth most dangerous solo outlaw in the americas , and she is the highest-ranked woman on the list , coming in at thirty-seven places above the antarctic esperado ice kold katie .

It is currently considered that a House consisting of some 650 members is appropriate ; the figure has been between 600 and 650 for many decades although there is nothing magic about this particular size .
it is [now] considered that a house consisting of some 650 members is appropriate ; the figure has been between 600 and 650 for many decades although there is nothing magic about this particular size .

Whether other persons resident abroad , perhaps on government service , should retain the right to vote is currently a matter of controversy .
whether other persons resident abroad , perhaps on government service , should retain the right to vote is [now] a matter of controversy .

Work is currently going on to prepare a book so that parishes can be helped to develop the part they have to play in handing on the faith to our children .
work is [now] going on to prepare a book so that parishes can be helped to develop the part they have to play in handing on the faith to our children .

Who are these people still growing Gamay in Champagne and why do they want to continue ? According to the regulations currently in force a grower would have to satisfy the following conditions in order to cultivate the Gamay today :
who are these people still growing gamay in champagne and why do they want to continue ? according to the regulations [now] in force a grower would have to satisfy the following conditions in order to cultivate the gamay today :

At least 40 % of purchases are currently made by women .
at least 40 % of purchases are [now] made by women .

In conclusion , we can say that if the only ‘ planting ’ strategy currently acceptable in the Church of England is within parish boundaries , then the aspiring planters ' strategy should be ( i ) get ordained , ( ii ) find a very high population parish , ( iii ) train teams and leaders and start planting . If however , we can foresee an openness to planting across parish boundaries , then we need ( i ) to develop training where church planting is happening , ( ii ) establish communication between training base , areas wanting teams , and supportive bishops , ( iii ) work with theological colleges in training ordinands to this work , ( iv ) encourage more leaders with a vision for church planting to get involved with the institutional ‘ system ’ with the aim of assisting necessary change , ( v ) ‘ boldly go where no one has gone before ’ — at least hardly any Anglicans in living memory !
in conclusion , we can say that if the only ‘ planting ’ strategy [now] acceptable in the church of england is within parish boundaries , then the aspiring planters ' strategy should be ( i ) get ordained , ( ii ) find a very high population parish , ( iii ) train teams and leaders and start planting . if however , we can foresee an openness to planting across parish boundaries , then we need ( i ) to develop training where church planting is happening , ( ii ) establish communication between training base , areas wanting teams , and supportive bishops , ( iii ) work with theological colleges in training ordinands to this work , ( iv ) encourage more leaders with a vision for church planting to get involved with the institutional ‘ system ’ with the aim of assisting necessary change , ( v ) ‘ boldly go where no one has gone before ’ — at least hardly any anglicans in living memory !

There are many inspiring books on this , of which perhaps John Leech 's Liturgy and Liberty is currently the most helpful .
there are many inspiring books on this , of which perhaps john leech 's liturgy and liberty is [now] the most helpful .

More and more families are living inadequate homes with 190 families currently living in temporary accommodation in Preston , most of which is in bed and breakfast hostels .
more and more families are living inadequate homes with 190 families [now] living in temporary accommodation in preston , most of which is in bed and breakfast hostels .

These narrow paths should be carved from the space currently devoted to vehicle carriageways .
these narrow paths should be carved from the space [now] devoted to vehicle carriageways .

First asked for ideas for alternative employment to replace the arms industry , Mr. Browne suggested that it was the job of business not governments to provide employment , but he hoped some of the technologies currently used in defence could be deployed for civilian use .
first asked for ideas for alternative employment to replace the arms industry , mr. browne suggested that it was the job of business not governments to provide employment , but he hoped some of the technologies [now] used in defence could be deployed for civilian use .

Mr. Brown , who lives in Kingsley , is currently building up a network of people to be visited and anyone needing help , advice , comfort or encouragement can reach him at 16 School Fields .
mr. brown , who lives in kingsley , is [now] building up a network of people to be visited and anyone needing help , advice , comfort or encouragement can reach him at 16 school fields .

Currently the band have a repertoire of about 20 Hendrix tunes , with Slim occasionally going the whole hog playing guitar behind his head and often performing a full Woodstock style Star Spangled Banner , much to the delight of the crowd .
[now] the band have a repertoire of about 20 hendrix tunes , with slim occasionally going the whole hog playing guitar behind his head and often performing a full woodstock style star spangled banner , much to the delight of the crowd .

We wholeheartedly agree that the situation we currently face is regrettable and undesirable for the running of a happy , successful school to the benefit of the children , teachers and village .
we wholeheartedly agree that the situation we [now] face is regrettable and undesirable for the running of a happy , successful school to the benefit of the children , teachers and village .

Run by farm owner Tim Butler , the business park was set up three years ago and there are currently 11 tenants .
run by farm owner tim butler , the business park was set up three years ago and there are [now] 11 tenants .

The play-reading group are currently reading An Inspector Calls and the next meeting is on Thursday at 14 Candleford Gate at 10 a.m .
the play-reading group are [now] reading an inspector calls and the next meeting is on thursday at 14 candleford gate at 10 a.m .

Philip points out he is in the fortunate position that he loves his work and is currently employed on his most unusual project to date .
philip points out he is in the fortunate position that he loves his work and is [now] employed on his most unusual project to date .

Most of these future buy-in managers are currently in their forties , although 23 percent are in their thirties and a fifth are over 50 .
most of these future buy-in managers are [now] in their forties , although 23 percent are in their thirties and a fifth are over 50 .

Under the present seeding system , it needs an unlikely double miracle for that to happen , but an open draw would restore some hope to the minnows , hope that is currently made all but non-existent by legislation .
under the present seeding system , it needs an unlikely double miracle for that to happen , but an open draw would restore some hope to the minnows , hope that is [now] made all but non-existent by legislation .

Courtney Walsh is currently engaged on his benefit year .
courtney walsh is [now] engaged on his benefit year .

His aim is to do this before Allan Border , who currently has 9532 runs , topples Sunil Gavaskar ( 10,122 ) as Test cricket 's leading runscorer : India would then boast the leading batsman and bowler in Tests .
his aim is to do this before allan border , who [now] has 9532 runs , topples sunil gavaskar ( 10,122 ) as test cricket 's leading runscorer : india would then boast the leading batsman and bowler in tests .

Volume is driving the market , and volume currently belongs to the twin dominators , Intel Corp and Microsoft Corp .
volume is driving the market , and volume [now] belongs to the twin dominators , intel corp and microsoft corp .

Oliver Lange highlights his personal selection from the large number of instructional art videos currently available for purchase
oliver lange highlights his personal selection from the large number of instructional art videos [now] available for purchase

Looking through the advertisements in magazines , suppliers ' catalogues and the shelves of art shops it is certainly obvious that there is a huge choice of instructional art videos currently available — probably about 200 ! Covering a wide variety of subjects and techniques and , of course with equal variety in the quality of their content and production , videos are fast becoming a cheaper , more accessible and very informative and successful learning tool .
looking through the advertisements in magazines , suppliers ' catalogues and the shelves of art shops it is certainly obvious that there is a huge choice of instructional art videos [now] available — probably about 200 ! covering a wide variety of subjects and techniques and , of course with equal variety in the quality of their content and production , videos are fast becoming a cheaper , more accessible and very informative and successful learning tool .

Artists ' Materials — Which , Why and How is a valuable attempt to log the suitability of currently available art materials to working in practice through comparative charts which give details such as lightfastness and binding agents used in each particular medium .
artists ' materials — which , why and how is a valuable attempt to log the suitability of [now] available art materials to working in practice through comparative charts which give details such as lightfastness and binding agents used in each particular medium .

The effectiveness of these centralized procedures is demonstrated in the management of the major programme of changes in curriculum and assessment currently taking place in Scotland .
the effectiveness of these centralized procedures is demonstrated in the management of the major programme of changes in curriculum and assessment [now] taking place in scotland .

It will be seen that these explanations of transmission teaching and its associated connection with teaching quality ( or rather , its lack ) , suggest a very different set of policy implications than those currently in political fashion .
it will be seen that these explanations of transmission teaching and its associated connection with teaching quality ( or rather , its lack ) , suggest a very different set of policy implications than those [now] in political fashion .

The implication here for policy-makers who would wish to promote movement away from transmission patterns of teaching is that there is a need to ease and improve those conditions that currently incline teachers towards survival more than mere coping , and towards the control-centred transmission-style pedagogies that follow from it .
the implication here for policy-makers who would wish to promote movement away from transmission patterns of teaching is that there is a need to ease and improve those conditions that [now] incline teachers towards survival more than mere coping , and towards the control-centred transmission-style pedagogies that follow from it .

This analysis will also require us to take into consideration still other developments in assessment procedures which are currently taking place .
this analysis will also require us to take into consideration still other developments in assessment procedures which are [now] taking place .

Many of the schemes currently being developed in various parts of the country are using the establishment of a record-of-achievement procedure to engage teachers in a fundamental review of their curricular goals , their teaching methods and hence their assessment criteria , with a view to stimulating a wide-ranging review of school arrangements .
many of the schemes [now] being developed in various parts of the country are using the establishment of a record-of-achievement procedure to engage teachers in a fundamental review of their curricular goals , their teaching methods and hence their assessment criteria , with a view to stimulating a wide-ranging review of school arrangements .

Managing director is Robert Hall , currently at Sun 's Mountain View headquarters .
managing director is robert hall , [now] at sun 's mountain view headquarters .

Mike Stein 's chapter reviews what his research revealed and the policies and practice currently focused on this vulnerable group of young people .
mike stein 's chapter reviews what his research revealed and the policies and practice [now] focused on this vulnerable group of young people .

5 million children in lone-parent households but this is only a single snapshot count and the number of children currently estimated to be in step-families ( between 1 and 1 .
5 million children in lone-parent households but this is only a single snapshot count and the number of children [now] estimated to be in step-families ( between 1 and 1 .

The Children 's Society , a national voluntary child care organization providing the only safe houses for runaways and the only comprehensive research on this issue in England ( De'Ath and Newman , 1987 ; Newman , forthcoming ) , has suggested the following as a basic operational definition for further work in this area : Such a definition would combine two currently separate categories of young people ( runaways and absconders ) and could provide the basis for the collection of national statistics to estimate the prevalence of runaway behaviour .
the children 's society , a national voluntary child care organization providing the only safe houses for runaways and the only comprehensive research on this issue in england ( de'ath and newman , 1987 ; newman , forthcoming ) , has suggested the following as a basic operational definition for further work in this area : such a definition would combine two [now] separate categories of young people ( runaways and absconders ) and could provide the basis for the collection of national statistics to estimate the prevalence of runaway behaviour .

The first is simply to provide a framework for analysing , together with some criteria for assessing , what we currently ‘ know ’ about child abuse .
the first is simply to provide a framework for analysing , together with some criteria for assessing , what we [now] ‘ know ’ about child abuse .

Next Computer Inc has hired former Dun & Bradstreet vice president , Warren Weiss , as vice president of North American sales and marketing : Next is currently seeking a chief financial officer .
next computer inc has hired former dun & bradstreet vice president , warren weiss , as vice president of north american sales and marketing : next is [now] seeking a chief financial officer .

Currently , about one child in 200 in England is treated surgically for the condition each year , making it the commonest reason for elective surgery in children .
[now] , about one child in 200 in england is treated surgically for the condition each year , making it the commonest reason for elective surgery in children .

Recognising that the apparently low incidence of the sudden infant death syndrome was difficult to explain wholly in terms of currently recognised risk factors , we sought to identify other differences in infant care practices that may contribute to the lower incidence of such deaths in Bangladeshi babies .
recognising that the apparently low incidence of the sudden infant death syndrome was difficult to explain wholly in terms of [now] recognised risk factors , we sought to identify other differences in infant care practices that may contribute to the lower incidence of such deaths in bangladeshi babies .

Although it was well established which major airlines were currently operating them , many others of these aircraft had been resold , sometimes several times over , to smaller companies .
although it was well established which major airlines were [now] operating them , many others of these aircraft had been resold , sometimes several times over , to smaller companies .

IskraTEL specialists are currently laying optical fibre cables to connect the city 's exchanges .
iskratel specialists are [now] laying optical fibre cables to connect the city 's exchanges .

This market is currently valued at $ 6,500m worldwide and is expected to grow at an aggregate annual rate of 13 % .
this market is [now] valued at $ 6,500m worldwide and is expected to grow at an aggregate annual rate of 13 % .

Software Etc Stores Inc , Edina , Minnesota software retailer , got its offering of 800,000 shares , all new , away at $ 15.50 per share and intends to use the $ 12m or so net proceeds to accelerate its store expansion programme — opening 60 to 70 new stores in each of the next two years to add to the 42 currently open .
software etc stores inc , edina , minnesota software retailer , got its offering of 800,000 shares , all new , away at $ 15.50 per share and intends to use the $ 12m or so net proceeds to accelerate its store expansion programme — opening 60 to 70 new stores in each of the next two years to add to the 42 [now] open .

All the shares will be offered by the company as part of a comprehensive refinancing plan to reduce debt , strengthen the capital structure , increase financial flexibility and improve profitability by reducing interest costs and increase the market liquidity of the common stock — most of the shares are currently still held by former parent Perkin-Elmer Corp , which would no doubt like to see a better price before it sells .
all the shares will be offered by the company as part of a comprehensive refinancing plan to reduce debt , strengthen the capital structure , increase financial flexibility and improve profitability by reducing interest costs and increase the market liquidity of the common stock — most of the shares are [now] still held by former parent perkin-elmer corp , which would no doubt like to see a better price before it sells .

Users can also access the 1,800 applications currently converting from Solaris-on-Sparc 1 .
users can also access the 1,800 applications [now] converting from solaris-on-sparc 1 .

At the beginning of 1991 our work in hand on transportation infrastructure stood at over £730 million and we are currently negotiating many more contracts worldwide .
at the beginning of 1991 our work in hand on transportation infrastructure stood at over £730 million and we are [now] negotiating many more contracts worldwide .

We are keen to develop radical new approaches to all forms of art , and are currently looking for like-minded people to become members .
we are keen to develop radical new approaches to all forms of art , and are [now] looking for like-minded people to become members .

For instance , we are currently creating a big impact in the field of uPVC sheet production . Foamed , clear or opaque sheet products and polyethylene film bearing the Veka name are being specified by an
for instance , we are [now] creating a big impact in the field of upvc sheet production . foamed , clear or opaque sheet products and polyethylene film bearing the veka name are being specified by an

Whatever projects are currently on paper , Brohome can bring them to life .
whatever projects are [now] on paper , brohome can bring them to life .

Guinness Flight itself , a subsidiary of the well respected merchant bank , Guinness Mahon , currently manage or advise on over $ 14000 million .
guinness flight itself , a subsidiary of the well respected merchant bank , guinness mahon , [now] manage or advise on over $ 14000 million .

For the most demanding buyer , ‘ Princess Tina ’ is readily accessible , currently berthed in the Bahamas .
for the most demanding buyer , ‘ princess tina ’ is readily accessible , [now] berthed in the bahamas .

Currently located in the Caribbean .
[now] located in the caribbean .

These communities currently receive a service from a rural mobile library , and it is intended to enhance the level of service until alternative service provision is made available .
these communities [now] receive a service from a rural mobile library , and it is intended to enhance the level of service until alternative service provision is made available .

Exports currently account for 37 per cent of turnover at Armstrong Pumps .
exports [now] account for 37 per cent of turnover at armstrong pumps .

The best clues are almost certainly to be found by studying those aspects of brain function which , if they become deranged , could account for the symptoms of psychotic illness , and currently a considerable amount of research is in progress testing out various possibilities .
the best clues are almost certainly to be found by studying those aspects of brain function which , if they become deranged , could account for the symptoms of psychotic illness , and [now] a considerable amount of research is in progress testing out various possibilities .

Currently one of the most viable theories is that psychosis has something to do with peculiarities in the functioning of the two brain hemispheres .
[now] one of the most viable theories is that psychosis has something to do with peculiarities in the functioning of the two brain hemispheres .

It is supported by the Keep Sunday Special campaign but falls far short of the deregulation called for by many large stores currently opening on Sundays in breach of existing laws .
it is supported by the keep sunday special campaign but falls far short of the deregulation called for by many large stores [now] opening on sundays in breach of existing laws .

Currently , biostratigraphic intervals averaging 500 000 million years are routinely recognised in the Silurian ; those in the Ordovician are somewhat larger .
[now] , biostratigraphic intervals averaging 500 000 million years are routinely recognised in the silurian ; those in the ordovician are somewhat larger .

The Group 's X-ray fluorescence laboratories , which are currently operating at virtually full capacity , have produced more than a hundred thousand data points from a wide variety of geological samples from the United Kingdom and overseas .
the group 's x-ray fluorescence laboratories , which are [now] operating at virtually full capacity , have produced more than a hundred thousand data points from a wide variety of geological samples from the united kingdom and overseas .

Legislation for petroleum and water is currently being designed , and a water-resource planning map is projected , based on a computerised hydrological database that is currently in hand .
legislation for petroleum and water is [now] being designed , and a water-resource planning map is projected , based on a computerised hydrological database that is [now] in hand .

Ipswich 's thoughts are currently concentrating on beating Wimbledon to make sure of the National League title and qualify for next season 's European clubs championship .
ipswich 's thoughts are [now] concentrating on beating wimbledon to make sure of the national league title and qualify for next season 's european clubs championship .

Bruce Wilcox currently leads the points chart and he locked horns with John Halifax ( Sutton St James ) at Wimbledon last month .
bruce wilcox [now] leads the points chart and he locked horns with john halifax ( sutton st james ) at wimbledon last month .

In fact , it might be worth having an ante-post bet before he runs here for should he win or figure promisingly , the 33–1 currently on offer will dry up quickly !
in fact , it might be worth having an ante-post bet before he runs here for should he win or figure promisingly , the 33–1 [now] on offer will dry up quickly !

At least half a crowd of 1,000 were English holidaymakers but most of Colombo 's cricket fans are currently hooked on a series of college matches in the city which over three days have attracted a total of 20,000 spectators at three venues .
at least half a crowd of 1,000 were english holidaymakers but most of colombo 's cricket fans are [now] hooked on a series of college matches in the city which over three days have attracted a total of 20,000 spectators at three venues .

‘ Through no fault of our own we are currently two riders short .
‘ through no fault of our own we are [now] two riders short .

Currently Spain 's Costa del Sol offers some of the best investment opportunities in land and property available anywhere in Europe .
[now] spain 's costa del sol offers some of the best investment opportunities in land and property available anywhere in europe .

Currently , there are no powers to sentence young people under 15 to custody except in the most serious cases .
[now] , there are no powers to sentence young people under 15 to custody except in the most serious cases .

Under the changes , needy and elderly people and those who currently get free prescriptions on medical grounds will remain exempt .
under the changes , needy and elderly people and those who [now] get free prescriptions on medical grounds will remain exempt .

The county , which currently has to buy in provision from neighbouring counties , is hoping to acquire a 12-place unit in partnership with Norfolk and Cambridgeshire .
the county , which [now] has to buy in provision from neighbouring counties , is hoping to acquire a 12-place unit in partnership with norfolk and cambridgeshire .

Currently , it houses six girls .
[now] , it houses six girls .

We have spoken about old partners as if they will always have had a long life together and that is indeed the case in many of the pairs whom we currently encounter .
we have spoken about old partners as if they will always have had a long life together and that is indeed the case in many of the pairs whom we [now] encounter .

Turning now to consider the other main group of younger household carers , there are an increasing number , currently about 11 per cent , of elderly people living with younger people , usually daughters and sons-in-law .
turning now to consider the other main group of younger household carers , there are an increasing number , [now] about 11 per cent , of elderly people living with younger people , usually daughters and sons-in-law .

Yet to take those responsibilities seriously has huge resource implications which would make any government wary of enunciating them in legislation of a more comprehensive and precise kind than currently exists .
yet to take those responsibilities seriously has huge resource implications which would make any government wary of enunciating them in legislation of a more comprehensive and precise kind than [now] exists .

For workers at field level , a first and necessary step is to make a kind of local map , in which they seek to pinpoint the characteristics of the neighbourhoods which they serve and what is currently available which can be built upon .
for workers at field level , a first and necessary step is to make a kind of local map , in which they seek to pinpoint the characteristics of the neighbourhoods which they serve and what is [now] available which can be built upon .

For these reasons it is worth considering carefully the kinds of approach to assessment that are currently available , and examining ways of improving these .
for these reasons it is worth considering carefully the kinds of approach to assessment that are [now] available , and examining ways of improving these .

Together with his twin brother Ronnie he was jailed for life in 1969 for the killing of Jack ‘ The Hat ’ McVitie and is currently serving his sentence at Blundeston Prison near Lowestoft .
together with his twin brother ronnie he was jailed for life in 1969 for the killing of jack ‘ the hat ’ mcvitie and is [now] serving his sentence at blundeston prison near lowestoft .

The resistance on the part of some Anglo-Saxon archaeologists to formulating hypotheses and to examine methods currently in use is reflected in Wilson 's suggestion that ‘ the tendency on the part of some American archaeologists to force it [ archaeology ] within certain philosophic boxes … quite at odds with the loose methods of induction often needed to deal with the archaeological material must be ignored ’ ( 1976a , p. 2 ) .
the resistance on the part of some anglo-saxon archaeologists to formulating hypotheses and to examine methods [now] in use is reflected in wilson 's suggestion that ‘ the tendency on the part of some american archaeologists to force it [ archaeology ] within certain philosophic boxes … quite at odds with the loose methods of induction often needed to deal with the archaeological material must be ignored ’ ( 1976a , p. 2 ) .

The latter currently figure larger in early Anglo-Saxon studies although , ironically , this is probably the result of the traditional isolation of the subject from other branches of archaeology .
the latter [now] figure larger in early anglo-saxon studies although , ironically , this is probably the result of the traditional isolation of the subject from other branches of archaeology .

The evidence currently suggests that the factors controlling the dispersal of similarly decorated pottery related more to the social system than to purely commercial factors , even if economic considerations controlled the distance travelled to a chosen clay source .
the evidence [now] suggests that the factors controlling the dispersal of similarly decorated pottery related more to the social system than to purely commercial factors , even if economic considerations controlled the distance travelled to a chosen clay source .

He is currently being held in 9 avril Prison where he has reportedly been held virtually naked for up to four days in cachots ( small damp isolation cells ) .
he is [now] being held in 9 avril prison where he has reportedly been held virtually naked for up to four days in cachots ( small damp isolation cells ) .

5 ) Have you ever used anti-cellulite creams , gels , soaps or oils ( often called body profiling products ) ? Yes , in the past Yes , currently No
5 ) have you ever used anti-cellulite creams , gels , soaps or oils ( often called body profiling products ) ? yes , in the past yes , [now] no

Essex County Council is currently carrying out a feasibility study to try to pinpoint a permanent arts complex for the northern part of the county .
essex county council is [now] carrying out a feasibility study to try to pinpoint a permanent arts complex for the northern part of the county .

In mid-1990 , martial law was formally lifted but the security clampdown remains currently in force .
in mid-1990 , martial law was formally lifted but the security clampdown remains [now] in force .

The issue is currently germane with the publication , last week of For Women , a new magazine which , as everybody knows , shows pictures of naked men .
the issue is [now] germane with the publication , last week of for women , a new magazine which , as everybody knows , shows pictures of naked men .

The changing display of works for sale currently includes pieces by John Keane , Mike Peel , Chila Burman ( Bombay movie heroine meets Public Enemy in a reworked comic strip ) and Jo Spence .
the changing display of works for sale [now] includes pieces by john keane , mike peel , chila burman ( bombay movie heroine meets public enemy in a reworked comic strip ) and jo spence .

This is small comfort to those who are currently crashing models due to becoming disorientated , so let 's see what can be done to help matters .
this is small comfort to those who are [now] crashing models due to becoming disorientated , so let 's see what can be done to help matters .

We now develop currently active nodes 9 , 10 and 4 .
we now develop [now] active nodes 9 , 10 and 4 .

Nodes 2 , 4 and 5 are currently active and we can now use penalties to prune potential growth of the tree .
nodes 2 , 4 and 5 are [now] active and we can now use penalties to prune potential growth of the tree .

European promoters are currently considering suing Ice-T for non-fulfilment of contract .
european promoters are [now] considering suing ice-t for non-fulfilment of contract .

And this week 's Djax release … Djax-Up are currently releasing records faster than most people can note and , with at least another seven in the pipeline over the next two months , they continue to stop anybody standing in their way .
and this week 's djax release … djax-up are [now] releasing records faster than most people can note and , with at least another seven in the pipeline over the next two months , they continue to stop anybody standing in their way .

Out of all the dark horses currently flogging themselves around the circuit , Oxford 's Radiohead are more shadowy than most .
out of all the dark horses [now] flogging themselves around the circuit , oxford 's radiohead are more shadowy than most .

Known as the prostatic-specific antigen test , it costs £15 and is currently used by about 20 % of GPs .
known as the prostatic-specific antigen test , it costs £15 and is [now] used by about 20 % of gps .

We at St Bartholomew 's are currently carrying out two small studies in another attempt to persuade the DoH .
we at st bartholomew 's are [now] carrying out two small studies in another attempt to persuade the doh .

Currently , around 1 700 beds are closed , leaving 2 500 earmarked for possible closure .
[now] , around 1 700 beds are closed , leaving 2 500 earmarked for possible closure .

This week you will look at how nursing care is currently delivered in your work area and try to identify who benefits most from this .
this week you will look at how nursing care is [now] delivered in your work area and try to identify who benefits most from this .

Pamela Bordes who is currently writing a work of fiction as is
pamela bordes who is [now] writing a work of fiction as is

‘ Ethnic communities are reproducing a culture which the majority of British people have n't yet accepted as part of the British landscape , ’ says Dr Tariq Madood , a fellow at Nuffield College currently writing on the changing character of racism .
‘ ethnic communities are reproducing a culture which the majority of british people have n't yet accepted as part of the british landscape , ’ says dr tariq madood , a fellow at nuffield college [now] writing on the changing character of racism .

And an exhibition of Shaviana , In Close-up , is currently on display at the National Portrait Gallery .
and an exhibition of shaviana , in close-up , is [now] on display at the national portrait gallery .

This is not a style currently in vogue ; indeed , in some productions today the designer 's teaboy is more important than the playwright .
this is not a style [now] in vogue ; indeed , in some productions today the designer 's teaboy is more important than the playwright .

It is most noticeable in the health service because that is where embarrassment is currently greatest for the authorities .
it is most noticeable in the health service because that is where embarrassment is [now] greatest for the authorities .

Damien Hirst ( several of whose pieces can currently be seen at the Saatchi Collection in London ) may create installations from a shark suspended in formaldehyde , or from flies being bred in a sealed glass chamber , but each work is a memento mori as powerful as any Dutch still life .
damien hirst ( several of whose pieces can [now] be seen at the saatchi collection in london ) may create installations from a shark suspended in formaldehyde , or from flies being bred in a sealed glass chamber , but each work is a memento mori as powerful as any dutch still life .

And they are gluttons for what currently seems to be a much scarcer resource : water .
and they are gluttons for what [now] seems to be a much scarcer resource : water .

The aim of this chapter is to summarise the many arguments currently being canvassed about the effects of high technology on employment .
the aim of this chapter is to summarise the many arguments [now] being canvassed about the effects of high technology on employment .

We may observe in the future a continued trend in the use of sub-contractors , consultants , and other external agencies , thus reducing the core size of currently large firms .
we may observe in the future a continued trend in the use of sub-contractors , consultants , and other external agencies , thus reducing the core size of [now] large firms .

The styles and values of both employees and managers currently support a job design philosophy that has its roots in work study and industrial engineering practice , and it flies in the face of conventional wisdom to believe that jobs can actually be designed rather than simply be the result of technologically determined requirements .
the styles and values of both employees and managers [now] support a job design philosophy that has its roots in work study and industrial engineering practice , and it flies in the face of conventional wisdom to believe that jobs can actually be designed rather than simply be the result of technologically determined requirements .

Something like £800m is currently owed to the contractors and Eurotunnel is very sorry and all that but it does n't seem to have the cash just at this moment .
something like £800m is [now] owed to the contractors and eurotunnel is very sorry and all that but it does n't seem to have the cash just at this moment .

Lubavitch rabbis currently run six major synagogues in London and there are many others dependent on Lubavitch teachers .
lubavitch rabbis [now] run six major synagogues in london and there are many others dependent on lubavitch teachers .

Currently , the Commission is developing its proposals for development and cohesion , and it would have been very nice to have seen this work unfolding within the context of an informed and radical debate , pushed forward by the socialist parties of all the member states .
[now] , the commission is developing its proposals for development and cohesion , and it would have been very nice to have seen this work unfolding within the context of an informed and radical debate , pushed forward by the socialist parties of all the member states .

Ms Bard 's article displayed the ‘ Islamophobia ’ currently rampant among certain anti-racists and sections of the left .
ms bard 's article displayed the ‘ islamophobia ’ [now] rampant among certain anti-racists and sections of the left .

The front-runner is generally agreed to be the Multiple Non-Transferable Ticket System ( No Refunds ) , which is currently used in Iceland , Bosnia , and parts of Turkey .
the front-runner is generally agreed to be the multiple non-transferable ticket system ( no refunds ) , which is [now] used in iceland , bosnia , and parts of turkey .

Supporters of this option claim it reinstates the spectacle of demo-cracy , while critics content themselves with pointing out that it is currently used in Iceland , Bosnia , and parts of Turkey .
supporters of this option claim it reinstates the spectacle of demo-cracy , while critics content themselves with pointing out that it is [now] used in iceland , bosnia , and parts of turkey .

Comprehension of the modern city 's altered state is rarely apparent in much of the verbiage currently expended on urban architecture .
comprehension of the modern city 's altered state is rarely apparent in much of the verbiage [now] expended on urban architecture .

Stories like that of the Wall Street broker who is currently sweeping the streets as part of his sentence for possessing controlled substances .
stories like that of the wall street broker who is [now] sweeping the streets as part of his sentence for possessing controlled substances .

Pocock 's method of ‘ shifting the belly band ’ or adjusting the bridle link position was not what we currently accept as a 2-line system.That described by J.Woodbridge Davis in Aeronautics of August 1894 for his method of steering a life-saving device undoubtedly was a progenitor of what we use today .
pocock 's method of ‘ shifting the belly band ’ or adjusting the bridle link position was not what we [now] accept as a 2-line system.that described by j.woodbridge davis in aeronautics of august 1894 for his method of steering a life-saving device undoubtedly was a progenitor of what we use today .

The band are currently putting the finishing touches to their third album , which should be out early in the summer .
the band are [now] putting the finishing touches to their third album , which should be out early in the summer .

Clail , currently on British tour , takes his On-U Sound System to Preston Lancashire Polytechnic on March 17 , and not Lancaster Polytechnic as previously stated .
clail , [now] on british tour , takes his on-u sound system to preston lancashire polytechnic on march 17 , and not lancaster polytechnic as previously stated .

Still , scam or no scam , there 's no denying , especially not from Galliano themselves , that the tag is currently working full steam ahead in their flavour .
still , scam or no scam , there 's no denying , especially not from galliano themselves , that the tag is [now] working full steam ahead in their flavour .

‘ Delphis ’ floats around dreamy vocals , clever chords , is pushed along at a dignified pace and is a perfect antidote to the tense teutonic Techno and ball-breaking Gospel anthems currently dominating the scene .
‘ delphis ’ floats around dreamy vocals , clever chords , is pushed along at a dignified pace and is a perfect antidote to the tense teutonic techno and ball-breaking gospel anthems [now] dominating the scene .

Even the currently flourishing Pinnacle Distribution did a kamikaze act just a few years ago , decimating the indie scene .
even the [now] flourishing pinnacle distribution did a kamikaze act just a few years ago , decimating the indie scene .

Especially when indie labels are currently faring better than at any time during their history .
especially when indie labels are [now] faring better than at any time during their history .

The major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by Freudianism and Marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the appropriate values , and that Christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the Western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of Professor Friedman and Professor Hayek .
the major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by freudianism and marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the appropriate values , and that christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that [now] defined by the libertarian philosophy of professor friedman and professor hayek .

If the gift falls within the donor 's nil rate band — currently £71,000 ( but increased to £90,000 under the budget ) — no tax would be payable , and as no tax is paid , there is nothing to claim taper relief against .
if the gift falls within the donor 's nil rate band — [now] £71,000 ( but increased to £90,000 under the budget ) — no tax would be payable , and as no tax is paid , there is nothing to claim taper relief against .

Simply paying the insurance premium each year without enquiring what cover is currently advantageous does not amount to good business .
simply paying the insurance premium each year without enquiring what cover is [now] advantageous does not amount to good business .

Releases money currently tied up in a depreciating asset on which no direct return is being obtained or capital employed .
releases money [now] tied up in a depreciating asset on which no direct return is being obtained or capital employed .

Currently , to the east of Lough Neagh , near Crumlin , some 420 million tonnes of recoverable lignite has been reported to exist , but two thirds of this lies under the lough itself .
[now] , to the east of lough neagh , near crumlin , some 420 million tonnes of recoverable lignite has been reported to exist , but two thirds of this lies under the lough itself .

Always considered a soft touch for your face , these products have currently been coming in for more scrutiny .
always considered a soft touch for your face , these products have [now] been coming in for more scrutiny .

As a result , 65 per cent of the shares are currently controlled by Peter Davenport and his wife .
as a result , 65 per cent of the shares are [now] controlled by peter davenport and his wife .

This is in accord with the home addresses given , the types of car driven ( over 90 per cent of all guests arrived by car ) and your own observations of guests currently in residence .
this is in accord with the home addresses given , the types of car driven ( over 90 per cent of all guests arrived by car ) and your own observations of guests [now] in residence .

The group 's main product is a range of casserole-based meals , which are currently prepared within each restaurant to standard recipes .
the group 's main product is a range of casserole-based meals , which are [now] prepared within each restaurant to standard recipes .

David Hughes and his wife currently hold 60 per cent , the two children 20 per cent each .
david hughes and his wife [now] hold 60 per cent , the two children 20 per cent each .

Currently house wine costs £1.88 and sells at £3.50 .
[now] house wine costs £1.88 and sells at £3.50 .

The company currently owns and operates the following :
the company [now] owns and operates the following :

The site , which has an area of approximately 5,000 square feet and is freehold , is currently vacant and boarded off .
the site , which has an area of approximately 5,000 square feet and is freehold , is [now] vacant and boarded off .

Smaller hotel groups are also currently involved in leisure centre development , as are many independent hotels .
smaller hotel groups are also [now] involved in leisure centre development , as are many independent hotels .

As noted in the previous case , Duchy Hotels Ltd was formed in the autumn of 1982 by David Edwards ( the owner of a successful building firm ) and Eric Hughes ( owner of a chain of five successful restaurants ) . The company currently owns and operates the following :
as noted in the previous case , duchy hotels ltd was formed in the autumn of 1982 by david edwards ( the owner of a successful building firm ) and eric hughes ( owner of a chain of five successful restaurants ) . the company [now] owns and operates the following :

The turkish bath and the gymnasium are no longer used , though the fixtures and some of the fittings remain ; horses are no longer kept ; and the private mooring currently has no boats other than two oared dinghies used for fishing .
the turkish bath and the gymnasium are no longer used , though the fixtures and some of the fittings remain ; horses are no longer kept ; and the private mooring [now] has no boats other than two oared dinghies used for fishing .

Palatine currently operate 153 public houses in the north-west , distributed as follows :
palatine [now] operate 153 public houses in the north-west , distributed as follows :

The St Helens brewery ( traditional draught beers ) is currently operating at c .
the st helens brewery ( traditional draught beers ) is [now] operating at c .

85 per cent capacity ( 75–80 per cent is generally reckoned to represent break-even point ) , but the Northwich brewery ( mainly lager ) is currently achieving no more than 65 per cent .
85 per cent capacity ( 75–80 per cent is generally reckoned to represent break-even point ) , but the northwich brewery ( mainly lager ) is [now] achieving no more than 65 per cent .

Managers are required to put down a small security deposit , but all equipment is provided by the company , which also pays staff wages and overhead expenses , together with a small additional honorarium ( currently 5 per cent of husband 's salary ) to the manager 's wife for looking after the domestic accommodation .
managers are required to put down a small security deposit , but all equipment is provided by the company , which also pays staff wages and overhead expenses , together with a small additional honorarium ( [now] 5 per cent of husband 's salary ) to the manager 's wife for looking after the domestic accommodation .

There are currently no female licensees , so the question of a ‘ husband 's honorarium ’ has never been raised .
there are [now] no female licensees , so the question of a ‘ husband 's honorarium ’ has never been raised .

The price at which tenancies change hands is currently within the range £115,000 to £155,000 .
the price at which tenancies change hands is [now] within the range £115,000 to £155,000 .

The brewing industry currently consists of over 80 firms which between them own over 140 breweries .
the brewing industry [now] consists of over 80 firms which between them own over 140 breweries .

Allied ( draught brands include Ansells , Benskins , Double Diamond , Ind Coope , Taylor Walker and Tetley ) are particularly strong in the light , pale and export ales market ( its strongest brand is Long Life , which was the first canned beer on the market and is currently leader in the export segment , but it also produces Skol and Arctic Lite ) .
allied ( draught brands include ansells , benskins , double diamond , ind coope , taylor walker and tetley ) are particularly strong in the light , pale and export ales market ( its strongest brand is long life , which was the first canned beer on the market and is [now] leader in the export segment , but it also produces skol and arctic lite ) .

This year 's hippest hunk of literary criticism . Young , currently the smartest culture , crit , and sidekick Caveney provide the first serious look at the new wave of American fiction — from the burnt-out brat packers to such authentic talents as Mary Gaitskill and Dennis Cooper
this year 's hippest hunk of literary criticism . young , [now] the smartest culture , crit , and sidekick caveney provide the first serious look at the new wave of american fiction — from the burnt-out brat packers to such authentic talents as mary gaitskill and dennis cooper

Neneh grew up with her brother Eagle Eye — currently a struggling actor in New York — and shared father Ahmadu Jah with a half-brother and half-sister , Cherno and Tityo ( Tityo lives in Stockholm and is signed to Arista records as a singer ) .
neneh grew up with her brother eagle eye — [now] a struggling actor in new york — and shared father ahmadu jah with a half-brother and half-sister , cherno and tityo ( tityo lives in stockholm and is signed to arista records as a singer ) .

Massive Attack , signed as clients to the company , worked on their ‘ Blue Lines ’ album there , and Porter 's Head are currently in residence .
massive attack , signed as clients to the company , worked on their ‘ blue lines ’ album there , and porter 's head are [now] in residence .

This is Paul Merton , currently the dullest bright star of British comedy .
this is paul merton , [now] the dullest bright star of british comedy .

Christened ‘ Badlands ’ by a Cornish surf magazine years ago , both for its surf conditions and for the local resistance to the surface sheen of the nouveau Newquay surfers , the area currently represents the most vibrant winter surfing .
christened ‘ badlands ’ by a cornish surf magazine years ago , both for its surf conditions and for the local resistance to the surface sheen of the nouveau newquay surfers , the area [now] represents the most vibrant winter surfing .

’ Where Raw Stylus are coming from is that area where much of the best British music is currently being produced : the vibrant vibrazone where jazz and soul tunes collide with a hard hip hop feel .
’ where raw stylus are coming from is that area where much of the best british music is [now] being produced : the vibrant vibrazone where jazz and soul tunes collide with a hard hip hop feel .

Electronic News hears that Stratus Computer Inc is readying new Intel Corp i860-based fault tolerant systems for introduction later in the year : Stratus currently offers two uniprocessor machines , and will likely bring out its first multi-processor , based on the faster i860XP part .
electronic news hears that stratus computer inc is readying new intel corp i860-based fault tolerant systems for introduction later in the year : stratus [now] offers two uniprocessor machines , and will likely bring out its first multi-processor , based on the faster i860xp part .

The picture for Europe — where currently only 5 % of revenues are generated — is expected to be similar .
the picture for europe — where [now] only 5 % of revenues are generated — is expected to be similar .

Volume is driving the market , and volume currently belongs to the twin dictators , Intel and Microsoft .
volume is driving the market , and volume [now] belongs to the twin dictators , intel and microsoft .

The new facility will house the operations currently spread between Billerica , Andover , Methuen and Westford , and should be completed by the end of 1993 .
the new facility will house the operations [now] spread between billerica , andover , methuen and westford , and should be completed by the end of 1993 .

Warburton is currently approaching 30 other companies , including Dell and Ambra , to see if they 'd be interested in joining .
warburton is [now] approaching 30 other companies , including dell and ambra , to see if they 'd be interested in joining .

The Windows spreadsheet market has destabilized over the last couple of years and is currently reminiscent of a cabinet minister on a pogo-stick .
the windows spreadsheet market has destabilized over the last couple of years and is [now] reminiscent of a cabinet minister on a pogo-stick .

So provided you get something at the right level of sophistication , you should n't go far wrong with any of the mainstream graphics software currently available .
so provided you get something at the right level of sophistication , you should n't go far wrong with any of the mainstream graphics software [now] available .

As early as 1934 Bachelard had argued that the revolutionary changes in physics , such as relativity theory and microphysics , meant that science itself was currently defined by its reaction against the past , and had become a ‘ philosophy of the non , — non-Cartesian , non-Euclidean , non-Newtonian , and non-Baconian .
as early as 1934 bachelard had argued that the revolutionary changes in physics , such as relativity theory and microphysics , meant that science itself was [now] defined by its reaction against the past , and had become a ‘ philosophy of the non , — non-cartesian , non-euclidean , non-newtonian , and non-baconian .

The Broken Tooths were currently in possession of Black Crag , the old Dwarf hold to the south .
the broken tooths were [now] in possession of black crag , the old dwarf hold to the south .

Gorfang 's tribe , the Red Fangs , is currently the most powerful Orc tribe in the whole of the area around the western end of Death Pass .
gorfang 's tribe , the red fangs , is [now] the most powerful orc tribe in the whole of the area around the western end of death pass .

The energy currently expended on this pointless debate would be better directed towards a concerted effort to persuade the government and local education authorities to fund a better teacher-pupil ratio in the early years .
the energy [now] expended on this pointless debate would be better directed towards a concerted effort to persuade the government and local education authorities to fund a better teacher-pupil ratio in the early years .

The survey undertaken by the National Children 's Bureau , when the Warnock committee was deliberating , showed that some 27 per cent of 18 year olds considered handicapped were currently unemployed , with 19 per cent seeking work .
the survey undertaken by the national children 's bureau , when the warnock committee was deliberating , showed that some 27 per cent of 18 year olds considered handicapped were [now] unemployed , with 19 per cent seeking work .

More than critical accounts of class or ‘ race ’ , feminism is currently an important vehicle for bringing into psychology the social questions which the discipline skates over .
more than critical accounts of class or ‘ race ’ , feminism is [now] an important vehicle for bringing into psychology the social questions which the discipline skates over .

By describing , for example , the histories of western psychological concepts of the Madonna-like good mother , who is present , sensitive , and , currently , stimulating , and the bad mother , who is the reverse , they map out the political and ideological origins and currencies these concepts have , beyond the biologized significance which traditional psychology gives them ( e.g .
by describing , for example , the histories of western psychological concepts of the madonna-like good mother , who is present , sensitive , and , [now] , stimulating , and the bad mother , who is the reverse , they map out the political and ideological origins and currencies these concepts have , beyond the biologized significance which traditional psychology gives them ( e.g .

Currently , one of the rather loosely applied definitive differences between plant and animal life is that plants can be propagated in either of two ways , sexually by means of seed , which involves male and female contributions from different plants or from different parts of the same plant , or asexually ( vegetatively ) by means of cutting and layering , which is analogous to cutting off an arm or a leg and growing an entirely new individual from such a part into a whole new body .
[now] , one of the rather loosely applied definitive differences between plant and animal life is that plants can be propagated in either of two ways , sexually by means of seed , which involves male and female contributions from different plants or from different parts of the same plant , or asexually ( vegetatively ) by means of cutting and layering , which is analogous to cutting off an arm or a leg and growing an entirely new individual from such a part into a whole new body .

With proposals for a fifth terrestrial channel currently being studied and a variety of plans to introduce pay-TV under consideration , the Government is clearly embarking on a policy of opening up the airwaves .
with proposals for a fifth terrestrial channel [now] being studied and a variety of plans to introduce pay-tv under consideration , the government is clearly embarking on a policy of opening up the airwaves .

If you are an employee , your employer will have automatically deducted Class 1 contributions from your salary , provided your earnings were above a certain limit ( currently £54 a week ) .
if you are an employee , your employer will have automatically deducted class 1 contributions from your salary , provided your earnings were above a certain limit ( [now] £54 a week ) .

As a result , a married woman is now entitled to have her section of the joint pension ( currently £32.55 ) offset against her own personal allowance — instead of being counted as part of her husband 's taxable income .
as a result , a married woman is now entitled to have her section of the joint pension ( [now] £32.55 ) offset against her own personal allowance — instead of being counted as part of her husband 's taxable income .

Class 1 contributions are paid as a percentage of earnings between a ‘ lower ’ and an ‘ upper ’ limit ( currently £54 and £405 a week respectively ) .
class 1 contributions are paid as a percentage of earnings between a ‘ lower ’ and an ‘ upper ’ limit ( [now] £54 and £405 a week respectively ) .

Since the 1989 Budget , the above figures have become governed by a ceiling , currently based on £75,000 earnings a year .
since the 1989 budget , the above figures have become governed by a ceiling , [now] based on £75,000 earnings a year .

Egon Zehnder is currently the most powerful in Europe ( in terms of number of offices , consultants and fee income ) of all the London headhunters , with a strongly European culture and , in keeping with its Swiss origins , has gained a reputation for being very expensive and ultra-professional .
egon zehnder is [now] the most powerful in europe ( in terms of number of offices , consultants and fee income ) of all the london headhunters , with a strongly european culture and , in keeping with its swiss origins , has gained a reputation for being very expensive and ultra-professional .

Currently , by virtue of being on the rota of solicitors , the advocate has undergone self-evaluation whereby he indicates publicly that he is competent to deal with criminal matters .
[now] , by virtue of being on the rota of solicitors , the advocate has undergone self-evaluation whereby he indicates publicly that he is competent to deal with criminal matters .

To appreciate why certain questions are currently preoccupying psychobiologists , why they favour the particular answers that are in vogue , and why they seem to have neglected , until recently , many of the issues that non-psychologists would consider central to understanding the biological bases of behaviour , a short lesson on the history of psychobiology is relevant .
to appreciate why certain questions are [now] preoccupying psychobiologists , why they favour the particular answers that are in vogue , and why they seem to have neglected , until recently , many of the issues that non-psychologists would consider central to understanding the biological bases of behaviour , a short lesson on the history of psychobiology is relevant .

Can we reconstruct one on the basis of what we currently know ?
can we reconstruct one on the basis of what we [now] know ?

Many areas of the brain are insensitive to the lesion making effects of the toxins currently available , so this approach has to be used quite selectively .
many areas of the brain are insensitive to the lesion making effects of the toxins [now] available , so this approach has to be used quite selectively .

As for other aspects of the communication systems , the ‘ evolutionary , ontogenetic and neurological evidence currently available tends to support homology rather than [ analogy ] ’ .
as for other aspects of the communication systems , the ‘ evolutionary , ontogenetic and neurological evidence [now] available tends to support homology rather than [ analogy ] ’ .

Strawson is surely right to emphasise the distinction we currently make between what we regard as non-intentional and intentional behaviour , and to remind us that we react to these categories in very different ways .
strawson is surely right to emphasise the distinction we [now] make between what we regard as non-intentional and intentional behaviour , and to remind us that we react to these categories in very different ways .

For we should have to be able to redescribe both the actions we currently regard as rational , and those we think of as requiring a reactive response , so as to overcome the contrast between them .
for we should have to be able to redescribe both the actions we [now] regard as rational , and those we think of as requiring a reactive response , so as to overcome the contrast between them .

That there are , for instance , kangaroos in Australia and lemurs in Madagascar , and that antelopes rather than dinosaurs currently roam the plains of Africa , is among other things consequent upon a whole series of historical contingencies .
that there are , for instance , kangaroos in australia and lemurs in madagascar , and that antelopes rather than dinosaurs [now] roam the plains of africa , is among other things consequent upon a whole series of historical contingencies .

Fifty kilometres long by forty wide by five high , currently Vasilariov was being scarred by some of its own weapons as Harq Obispal raged through the hive like an angry bear .
fifty kilometres long by forty wide by five high , [now] vasilariov was being scarred by some of its own weapons as harq obispal raged through the hive like an angry bear .

Therefore the scheme must indeed be altruistic and unselfish , without personal benefit to those who were currently involved . This must indeed be a scheme for salvation in the long term : salvation through utter enslavement …
therefore the scheme must indeed be altruistic and unselfish , without personal benefit to those who were [now] involved . this must indeed be a scheme for salvation in the long term : salvation through utter enslavement …

The railway line is currently uncategorised by the National Park and so is , sadly , officially out of bounds to both bikers and walkers .
the railway line is [now] uncategorised by the national park and so is , sadly , officially out of bounds to both bikers and walkers .

The course currently occupies one unit ( one-eighth of a year 's work ) in the final year , and is optional for most students .
the course [now] occupies one unit ( one-eighth of a year 's work ) in the final year , and is optional for most students .

Middlesex University currently offers such a postgraduate course .
middlesex university [now] offers such a postgraduate course .

Others were pro-reform but disapproved of the way the reforms were currently being implemented .
others were pro-reform but disapproved of the way the reforms were [now] being implemented .

This can be done even if book titles are currently displayed in the same font as , say , section headings .
this can be done even if book titles are [now] displayed in the same font as , say , section headings .

Guide supports two ways of saving material : a structural save of the hyperdocument itself , and a what-you-see save , covering the hyperdocument as currently displayed on the screen ( i.e .
guide supports two ways of saving material : a structural save of the hyperdocument itself , and a what-you-see save , covering the hyperdocument as [now] displayed on the screen ( i.e .

Andrew Smith , 15 years old , currently in the closed unit of a community home with education .
andrew smith , 15 years old , [now] in the closed unit of a community home with education .

Andrew Smith , 15 years old , currently in the closed unit of a community home with education .
andrew smith , 15 years old , [now] in the closed unit of a community home with education .

The McofS has only been involved with two developments so far ( The Kelvin Hall in Glasgow and the Leisure Centre in Dundee — currently being built ) .
the mcofs has only been involved with two developments so far ( the kelvin hall in glasgow and the leisure centre in dundee — [now] being built ) .

Angela Oakley is a past president of the Glasgow Nordic Ski Club and is currently the club 's Vice-President and Training Co-ordinator .
angela oakley is a past president of the glasgow nordic ski club and is [now] the club 's vice-president and training co-ordinator .

According to Boots , the male toiletries market is currently worth a staggering £216 million !
according to boots , the male toiletries market is [now] worth a staggering £216 million !

The Late Show and Jonathan Ross are currently clashing heads over who will televise Stephen 's most legendary and outlandish moment to date .
the late show and jonathan ross are [now] clashing heads over who will televise stephen 's most legendary and outlandish moment to date .

They are currently planning version 5 , and it wo n't end there .
they are [now] planning version 5 , and it wo n't end there .

Sue currently stocks the more popular ranges of the well-known brands of coned yarn , including Bramwell 's 4-ply , Hobby and silky ; Forsell 's Shamal and Sirocco ; Yeoman 's Panama Cotton , Grogna and Chenille ; and Spectrum Aran on cone and ball .
sue [now] stocks the more popular ranges of the well-known brands of coned yarn , including bramwell 's 4-ply , hobby and silky ; forsell 's shamal and sirocco ; yeoman 's panama cotton , grogna and chenille ; and spectrum aran on cone and ball .

Although these integrated models are currently at the experimental stage for realistic amounts of data , their usage in future large hyper-base systems seems very necessary .
although these integrated models are [now] at the experimental stage for realistic amounts of data , their usage in future large hyper-base systems seems very necessary .

As Banderas struggles to come to terms with the choices being offered him — remaining a serious but relatively obscure actor in European films , or accepting the international stardom Hollywood dangles seductively before him with its accompanying riches and loss of privacy — the roles currently being offered seem eerily appropriate .
as banderas struggles to come to terms with the choices being offered him — remaining a serious but relatively obscure actor in european films , or accepting the international stardom hollywood dangles seductively before him with its accompanying riches and loss of privacy — the roles [now] being offered seem eerily appropriate .

Currently available are Spitfire , Hurricane , Mustang , Kittyhawk , Bf 109 and Ju 87 .
[now] available are spitfire , hurricane , mustang , kittyhawk , bf 109 and ju 87 .

’ The solution suggested often involved a positive reframing of all the good work currently being done by the family , neighbours , and home help , and the wish of the old person to retain independence .
’ the solution suggested often involved a positive reframing of all the good work [now] being done by the family , neighbours , and home help , and the wish of the old person to retain independence .

Shoppers will have to find an extra £1 for every £7 currently spent and £6 will be added to the average weekly bill of £45 .
shoppers will have to find an extra £1 for every £7 [now] spent and £6 will be added to the average weekly bill of £45 .

The key job , currently held by Michael Heseltine , would put him at the forefront of the drive to get the country back on course .
the key job , [now] held by michael heseltine , would put him at the forefront of the drive to get the country back on course .

The world-famous photo of the Beatles surrounded by a collage of celebrities is currently held by the son of Sixties photographer Michael Cooper .
the world-famous photo of the beatles surrounded by a collage of celebrities is [now] held by the son of sixties photographer michael cooper .

The average bill in the region is currently £224 a year .
the average bill in the region is [now] £224 a year .

Most docking is currently done by breeders who argue that it is painless , improves hygiene in long-haired varieties , and removes the risk of dogs injuring their tails later on .
most docking is [now] done by breeders who argue that it is painless , improves hygiene in long-haired varieties , and removes the risk of dogs injuring their tails later on .

The Government also wants private firms to curtail wage rises , currently running at around six per cent .
the government also wants private firms to curtail wage rises , [now] running at around six per cent .

After the glittering state occasion of the première , which of course was full , it played to empty houses , while the Prague public continued to flock to Don Giovanni , then currently enjoying a revival .
after the glittering state occasion of the première , which of course was full , it played to empty houses , while the prague public continued to flock to don giovanni , then [now] enjoying a revival .

It is not worth bothering trying to sell the warrants either , as they are currently trading at around ¼p each .
it is not worth bothering trying to sell the warrants either , as they are [now] trading at around ¼p each .

Muller represents the future of South African rugby , a powerful , aggressive and gifted three-quarter currently playing alongside boyhood hero Danie Gerber and , he admits , ‘ learning from Naas Botha , the best of captains ’ .
muller represents the future of south african rugby , a powerful , aggressive and gifted three-quarter [now] playing alongside boyhood hero danie gerber and , he admits , ‘ learning from naas botha , the best of captains ’ .

The volatile Scot , currently on a month 's loan to Birmingham City after being transfer-listed by Southampton , lines up against Newcastle with an eye on a move back into the Premier League .
the volatile scot , [now] on a month 's loan to birmingham city after being transfer-listed by southampton , lines up against newcastle with an eye on a move back into the premier league .

Villa are currently fourth in the table , but with Bryan Robson making his long-awaited return from injury today , Atkinson warned : ‘ Robbo will be a great influence on United .
villa are [now] fourth in the table , but with bryan robson making his long-awaited return from injury today , atkinson warned : ‘ robbo will be a great influence on united .

Dicks plays at Cremonese , despite currently serving a five-match ban in England .
dicks plays at cremonese , despite [now] serving a five-match ban in england .

His regrets about not meeting Tyson might evaporate if they opened the gates of the Indiana youth centre tomorrow , especially as Holyfield seemed made for an opponent who is currently America 's most famous jailbird .
his regrets about not meeting tyson might evaporate if they opened the gates of the indiana youth centre tomorrow , especially as holyfield seemed made for an opponent who is [now] america 's most famous jailbird .

Conversely , ‘ Now those players in the side are currently in possession .
conversely , ‘ now those players in the side are [now] in possession .

And , as officials at Lord 's were criticised for their harsh treatment of the player , Lamb was celebrating in Cape Town where he is currently playing for Western Province .
and , as officials at lord 's were criticised for their harsh treatment of the player , lamb was celebrating in cape town where he is [now] playing for western province .

Indeed , the publicity-shy Cheltenham handler is currently topping the trainers ' championship with £117,000 prize money won , a large chunk of which arrived when Tipping Tim and Llewellyn ran away with the Mackeson at Cheltenham ten days ago .
indeed , the publicity-shy cheltenham handler is [now] topping the trainers ' championship with £117,000 prize money won , a large chunk of which arrived when tipping tim and llewellyn ran away with the mackeson at cheltenham ten days ago .

However , with Mike Hooper currently in fine form at Anfield and £1.3 million signing David James available as a top-class understudy , manager Graeme Souness may be willing to listen to a new offer .
however , with mike hooper [now] in fine form at anfield and £1.3 million signing david james available as a top-class understudy , manager graeme souness may be willing to listen to a new offer .

‘ He is a very talented player who is currently pushing Rob very hard for the fly-half shirt .
‘ he is a very talented player who is [now] pushing rob very hard for the fly-half shirt .

Newcastle Gosforth , currently boasting an unblemished record at the top of Division Two , added to the thrills and spills when they knocked out last season 's semi-finalists Gloucester 13–10 .
newcastle gosforth , [now] boasting an unblemished record at the top of division two , added to the thrills and spills when they knocked out last season 's semi-finalists gloucester 13–10 .

They have been deliberately avoided by politicians who know they currently find little favour with the British people .
they have been deliberately avoided by politicians who know they [now] find little favour with the british people .

Eccentric American chess grandmaster Bobby Fischer , currently playing his old foe Boris Spassky , is 49 .
eccentric american chess grandmaster bobby fischer , [now] playing his old foe boris spassky , is 49 .

The billboard advertisements currently on our streets may have confused you .
the billboard advertisements [now] on our streets may have confused you .

They are now to be taken under the jurisdiction of the Queen , who is determined that they will be protected from the emotional mayhem currently being created by their parents .
they are now to be taken under the jurisdiction of the queen , who is determined that they will be protected from the emotional mayhem [now] being created by their parents .

Currently it 's around 8.3 per cent a year .
[now] it 's around 8.3 per cent a year .

There are more than 70 models currently on the market which are capable of 140mph or more .
there are more than 70 models [now] on the market which are capable of 140mph or more .

The Department is currently awaiting four reports on young drivers from the Berkshire-based Road Transport Laboratory , including one on the R-plate scheme .
the department is [now] awaiting four reports on young drivers from the berkshire-based road transport laboratory , including one on the r-plate scheme .

And now there is Christopher Taylor who is currently being taught Berber by Professor Neil Smith and Dr Ianthi Tsimpli of London University .
and now there is christopher taylor who is [now] being taught berber by professor neil smith and dr ianthi tsimpli of london university .

One of the most tempting homes currently on their books is The Barton , a stone , thatched cottage in the north Devon village of Mariansleigh which is on the market for the first time in 200 years .
one of the most tempting homes [now] on their books is the barton , a stone , thatched cottage in the north devon village of mariansleigh which is on the market for the first time in 200 years .

Hundreds of actresses tried for the part in the film which is currently in pre-production in Hollywood .
hundreds of actresses tried for the part in the film which is [now] in pre-production in hollywood .

These two people , whose success is almost totally dependent upon the effectiveness of the publicity machines which have made them into heroes , are currently ( eternally , it seems ) in just about every magazine and paper you pick up .
these two people , whose success is almost totally dependent upon the effectiveness of the publicity machines which have made them into heroes , are [now] ( eternally , it seems ) in just about every magazine and paper you pick up .

Luke , whose big screen debut Buffy The Vampire Slayer is currently showing in British cinemas , escaped the emotional realities of his formative years by making a fool of himself .
luke , whose big screen debut buffy the vampire slayer is [now] showing in british cinemas , escaped the emotional realities of his formative years by making a fool of himself .

Even Maurice Bernard , owner of the one bar currently open in Saignon , did not know the whereabouts of the man who is about to immortalise his region on the small screen .
even maurice bernard , owner of the one bar [now] open in saignon , did not know the whereabouts of the man who is about to immortalise his region on the small screen .

Her wide eyes and waif-like cheekbones have taken Europe by storm and she is currently the toast of New York since modelling in the Calvin Klein campaign .
her wide eyes and waif-like cheekbones have taken europe by storm and she is [now] the toast of new york since modelling in the calvin klein campaign .

The picture they draw will use various materials gathered from the past , and how this has affected the way they currently feel .
the picture they draw will use various materials gathered from the past , and how this has affected the way they [now] feel .

Yet to acknowledge this is to recognize that our health is under our own personal control to an extent far greater than is currently accepted .
yet to acknowledge this is to recognize that our health is under our own personal control to an extent far greater than is [now] accepted .

Yet the Earth 's atmosphere currently consists of about 78 percent nitrogen , 20 percent oxygen and 2 percent other gases .
yet the earth 's atmosphere [now] consists of about 78 percent nitrogen , 20 percent oxygen and 2 percent other gases .

Modern theories , however , suggest that the dinosaurs were warm-blooded , like the mammals ( including ourselves ) that currently dominate the Earth .
modern theories , however , suggest that the dinosaurs were warm-blooded , like the mammals ( including ourselves ) that [now] dominate the earth .

One point favouring all theories that rely on changes affecting the Solar System as a whole , rather than changes confined merely to the Earth , is that the planet Mars is currently , like our own world , in the throes of an ice age .
one point favouring all theories that rely on changes affecting the solar system as a whole , rather than changes confined merely to the earth , is that the planet mars is [now] , like our own world , in the throes of an ice age .

Deciphering the scripts of the ancients is not an easy business , especially if those scripts do not form part of the ‘ family tree ’ of any currently existing script .
deciphering the scripts of the ancients is not an easy business , especially if those scripts do not form part of the ‘ family tree ’ of any [now] existing script .

is currently evolving
is [now] evolving

One possibility is that the Sun is currently going through a ‘ quiescent ’ phase : the nuclear reactions at its core are continuing just sufficiently to keep our star shining , but no more than that ; in due course the Sun will get back to ‘ business as usual ’ .
one possibility is that the sun is [now] going through a ‘ quiescent ’ phase : the nuclear reactions at its core are continuing just sufficiently to keep our star shining , but no more than that ; in due course the sun will get back to ‘ business as usual ’ .

Although most people are aware of the tremendous selection of fabrics on the market , not everyone knows of the vast range of papers that are currently available .
although most people are aware of the tremendous selection of fabrics on the market , not everyone knows of the vast range of papers that are [now] available .

It is John Onanuga who is currently suspended from his job in a Thresher wine shop .
it is john onanuga who is [now] suspended from his job in a thresher wine shop .

People who prefer older properties are currently snapping up country homes with outbuildings that will convert into offices , while others are finding that double-glazed conservatories — with prices from around £10,000 — are useful year-round work rooms .
people who prefer older properties are [now] snapping up country homes with outbuildings that will convert into offices , while others are finding that double-glazed conservatories — with prices from around £10,000 — are useful year-round work rooms .

Tory junior ministers who can expect promotion include Michael Forsyth , currently number two at the Department of Employment , and Local Government Minister John Redwood .
tory junior ministers who can expect promotion include michael forsyth , [now] number two at the department of employment , and local government minister john redwood .

Another junior Minister Stephen Dorrell , currently at the Treasury , is also in line for promotion .
another junior minister stephen dorrell , [now] at the treasury , is also in line for promotion .

The currently fashionable leopard skin look was first promoted in the 1930s by American-born Miss de Wolfe , who died in 1950 aged 85 and claimed Noel Coward , Cole Porter and the Duke and Duchess of Windsor among her closest friends .
the [now] fashionable leopard skin look was first promoted in the 1930s by american-born miss de wolfe , who died in 1950 aged 85 and claimed noel coward , cole porter and the duke and duchess of windsor among her closest friends .

Bookmakers William Hill currently have 5-2 odds on Prince Charles and Diana having another child next year .
bookmakers william hill [now] have 5-2 odds on prince charles and diana having another child next year .

Laura , 18 , who is currently taking a one-year cookery course at Leith 's School of Food and Wine in Kensington , made a big impression at her father 's inauguration as Governor of Hong Kong in July when she wore a stunning short navy suit from Jigsaw and large-brimmed straw hat .
laura , 18 , who is [now] taking a one-year cookery course at leith 's school of food and wine in kensington , made a big impression at her father 's inauguration as governor of hong kong in july when she wore a stunning short navy suit from jigsaw and large-brimmed straw hat .

In the series , for which Thames are currently looking for a buyer , Miss Ronay , pictured above , plays the part of a serving girl .
in the series , for which thames are [now] looking for a buyer , miss ronay , pictured above , plays the part of a serving girl .

Orlan , 45 , is currently showing a video of her last operation as she tours Australia to display herself as a living work of art .
orlan , 45 , is [now] showing a video of her last operation as she tours australia to display herself as a living work of art .

Alternatives : Sainsbury 's Cotes du Rhone currently on special offer at £2.45 , or , if you want to show off a bit , Tescos ' Chateauneuf du Pape , ultra cheap at £4.99 .
alternatives : sainsbury 's cotes du rhone [now] on special offer at £2.45 , or , if you want to show off a bit , tescos ' chateauneuf du pape , ultra cheap at £4.99 .

Alternatives : Other good party gluggers available from Down Under are Thresher 's Tollana Dry White and Red ( £2.99 ) , and Tesco 's Australian White and Red currently on special offer at £2.69 .
alternatives : other good party gluggers available from down under are thresher 's tollana dry white and red ( £2.99 ) , and tesco 's australian white and red [now] on special offer at £2.69 .

And the Guinness Book of Records states : ‘ The top-selling author is currently Dame Barbara Cartland with global sales of over 650 million . ’
and the guinness book of records states : ‘ the top-selling author is [now] dame barbara cartland with global sales of over 650 million . ’

Women currently aged 45 to 59 said they 'd only had 2.6 lovers , while men the same age boasted of 13.6 girlfriends .
women [now] aged 45 to 59 said they 'd only had 2.6 lovers , while men the same age boasted of 13.6 girlfriends .

‘ The reason that Barnet are currently second in the League , and playing attractive and entertaining football must be credited to Barry Fry 's dedication , enthusiasm , loyalty and commitment all round !
‘ the reason that barnet are [now] second in the league , and playing attractive and entertaining football must be credited to barry fry 's dedication , enthusiasm , loyalty and commitment all round !

Andersson , who also interests Nottingham Forest and Sunderland , is currently in a pay dispute with his Belgian club Mechelen .
andersson , who also interests nottingham forest and sunderland , is [now] in a pay dispute with his belgian club mechelen .

More worrying for English clubs is the likelihood of the Italian league , currently on its traditional Christmas break , allowing teams to play four foreigners instead of three from next season .
more worrying for english clubs is the likelihood of the italian league , [now] on its traditional christmas break , allowing teams to play four foreigners instead of three from next season .

Unbeaten in 11 games , Ipswich currently lie sixth and today travel to seventh-placed Arsenal .
unbeaten in 11 games , ipswich [now] lie sixth and today travel to seventh-placed arsenal .

Beaumont is encouraged by recent results that support his belief that he has a real Gold Cup contender in Jodami , currently 8-1 for the chasing crown .
beaumont is encouraged by recent results that support his belief that he has a real gold cup contender in jodami , [now] 8-1 for the chasing crown .

He currently has 99 of each .
he [now] has 99 of each .

Otherwise , the issue will be put to a vote which also includes the world 's 20 smaller cricketing nations who currently lack Test status .
otherwise , the issue will be put to a vote which also includes the world 's 20 smaller cricketing nations who [now] lack test status .

India are currently in South Africa as the first black nation to play the Republic in a Test series while England 's invitation to visit The Cape is still in the pending tray .
india are [now] in south africa as the first black nation to play the republic in a test series while england 's invitation to visit the cape is still in the pending tray .

Paladino , 27 , runs a taxi business by day , becomes a club bouncer at night and is currently thinking over an offer from Midlands promoter Ron Gray to turn pro in the boxing game !
paladino , 27 , runs a taxi business by day , becomes a club bouncer at night and is [now] thinking over an offer from midlands promoter ron gray to turn pro in the boxing game !

And while most people are currently cursing the recession , Rutter can thank it for the improvement in Yeovil 's playing fortunes .
and while most people are [now] cursing the recession , rutter can thank it for the improvement in yeovil 's playing fortunes .

And the Charlton team , currently lying 11th in Division One , last night vowed to repay the directors and fans for ending the club 's seven-year exile .
and the charlton team , [now] lying 11th in division one , last night vowed to repay the directors and fans for ending the club 's seven-year exile .

The Goodison Park manager heads into tomorrow 's Coca-Cola Cup fourth round replay at Chelsea knowing defeat will only increase the pressure currently bearing down on him .
the goodison park manager heads into tomorrow 's coca-cola cup fourth round replay at chelsea knowing defeat will only increase the pressure [now] bearing down on him .

The question of whether the cash equivalent of a benefit to an employee should be calculated as the marginal cost or average cost of providing the benefit is currently under consideration by the House of Lords , in the case of Pepper v Hart .
the question of whether the cash equivalent of a benefit to an employee should be calculated as the marginal cost or average cost of providing the benefit is [now] under consideration by the house of lords , in the case of pepper v hart .

The Big Six , in their statement , say that in 1991 they spent 9% of auditing and accounting revenues — $477m — on settling and defending lawsuits , and repeat an estimate that the profession as a whole is currently facing $30bn in damages claims .
the big six , in their statement , say that in 1991 they spent 9% of auditing and accounting revenues — $477m — on settling and defending lawsuits , and repeat an estimate that the profession as a whole is [now] facing $30bn in damages claims .

The IoT 's stance has angered members of the Tax Faculty who are currently considering their responses to the consultative document ; it has also led to speculation that the IoT is scared of losing members .
the iot 's stance has angered members of the tax faculty who are [now] considering their responses to the consultative document ; it has also led to speculation that the iot is scared of losing members .

Thomas Munn , an 80-year old sole practitioner from Bromley in Kent , is currently celebrating an amazing 62 years in the profession .
thomas munn , an 80-year old sole practitioner from bromley in kent , is [now] celebrating an amazing 62 years in the profession .

It currently aims to run business-class passenger trains , with airline-style service , on selected long-distance routes .
it [now] aims to run business-class passenger trains , with airline-style service , on selected long-distance routes .

Although annual rail investment , at more than £1bn , is currently higher than it has been for three decades , that results from decisions taken two to three years ago .
although annual rail investment , at more than £1bn , is [now] higher than it has been for three decades , that results from decisions taken two to three years ago .

There has been a huge increase in ‘ healthy eating ’ , with 5m Britons currently declining to eat red meat .
there has been a huge increase in ‘ healthy eating ’ , with 5m britons [now] declining to eat red meat .

In spite of the high price , however , Quorn is currently losing money , although Marlow refuses to admit how much .
in spite of the high price , however , quorn is [now] losing money , although marlow refuses to admit how much .

The farming industry has seen its indebtedness , currently £7.4bn , double in 10 years .
the farming industry has seen its indebtedness , [now] £7.4bn , double in 10 years .

The British Venture Capital Association , for example , is currently looking towards setting common standards for measuring performance .
the british venture capital association , for example , is [now] looking towards setting common standards for measuring performance .

The self-propelled robot currently cleaning the floors at Tokyo 's railway station is a little more unusual .
the self-propelled robot [now] cleaning the floors at tokyo 's railway station is a little more unusual .

Furthermore , with more women seeking to enter the profession — almost 70 % of the Institute 's female membership is under the age of 35 , while 36 % of its students currently training are women — more initiatives are required to ensure that the investment in training is not wasted and that the economic value of a vital resource is fully realised .
furthermore , with more women seeking to enter the profession — almost 70 % of the institute 's female membership is under the age of 35 , while 36 % of its students [now] training are women — more initiatives are required to ensure that the investment in training is not wasted and that the economic value of a vital resource is fully realised .

This may sound obvious , but it is important to note that certain deferred debits and credits currently recognised would fail this test .
this may sound obvious , but it is important to note that certain deferred debits and credits [now] recognised would fail this test .

However , some contracts not currently recognised do give rise to firm commitments — for example , both operating and finance leases commonly do so , and under the principles in the chapter , the assets and liabilities stemming from both should be recognised .
however , some contracts not [now] recognised do give rise to firm commitments — for example , both operating and finance leases commonly do so , and under the principles in the chapter , the assets and liabilities stemming from both should be recognised .

These cases are an indication of the liberal attitude currently being taken by the courts , which have obviously recognised that the old saying that a security on a dwelling is ‘ as safe as houses ’ has become a bit of a mockery .
these cases are an indication of the liberal attitude [now] being taken by the courts , which have obviously recognised that the old saying that a security on a dwelling is ‘ as safe as houses ’ has become a bit of a mockery .

The question of whether the cash equivalent of providing a benefit to an employee should be calculated as the marginal cost or average cost of providing the benefit is currently under consideration by the House of Lords in the case of Pepper v Hart .
the question of whether the cash equivalent of providing a benefit to an employee should be calculated as the marginal cost or average cost of providing the benefit is [now] under consideration by the house of lords in the case of pepper v hart .

There are currently 27 notices and 106 leaflets in circulation .
there are [now] 27 notices and 106 leaflets in circulation .

The Institute has received more than 250 responses to the document , which are currently being analysed .
the institute has received more than 250 responses to the document , which are [now] being analysed .

The Scottish Institute is currently finalising papers on the small company audit and disincorporation to be released shortly .
the scottish institute is [now] finalising papers on the small company audit and disincorporation to be released shortly .

Currently a ‘ non-executive director for hire ’ , he gave up his partnership at Arthur Young in 1987 so that he could devote adequate time to his role as chairman of the Eurogroup for Animal Welfare .
[now] a ‘ non-executive director for hire ’ , he gave up his partnership at arthur young in 1987 so that he could devote adequate time to his role as chairman of the eurogroup for animal welfare .

For example , we are currently advising a large computer company that occupies a building of some 60,000 sq ft .
for example , we are [now] advising a large computer company that occupies a building of some 60,000 sq ft .

It is arguable that the performance measures based on portfolio performance , to which fund managers are currently held , do not provide an environment in which there would be any significant advantage for fund managers who had closer relations with auditors .
it is arguable that the performance measures based on portfolio performance , to which fund managers are [now] held , do not provide an environment in which there would be any significant advantage for fund managers who had closer relations with auditors .

However , in contrast to the present position where audit reports are signed only with the name of the firm , in the case of a limited company acting as auditor the report could also include , as is currently the case in Sweden and Germany , the name or names of one or more individuals responsible for conducting the examination .
however , in contrast to the present position where audit reports are signed only with the name of the firm , in the case of a limited company acting as auditor the report could also include , as is [now] the case in sweden and germany , the name or names of one or more individuals responsible for conducting the examination .

The signatures of these ‘ partner equivalents ’ would serve to document the individuals ' responsibility for the examination ; to that extent it eliminates for the outside world the element of anonymity currently inherent in the practice of signing audit opinions only in the names of the firms .
the signatures of these ‘ partner equivalents ’ would serve to document the individuals ' responsibility for the examination ; to that extent it eliminates for the outside world the element of anonymity [now] inherent in the practice of signing audit opinions only in the names of the firms .

Undefended cases currently take an average of 60 days in the High Court and 114 days in the County Court , while defended cases take around 100 days in the High Court and 128 in the County Court .
undefended cases [now] take an average of 60 days in the high court and 114 days in the county court , while defended cases take around 100 days in the high court and 128 in the county court .

Insurers currently approved by the Inland Revenue to offer tax relievable private medical insurance contracts have been given details of how to proceed .
insurers [now] approved by the inland revenue to offer tax relievable private medical insurance contracts have been given details of how to proceed .

The narrowest , Pound Street , passed between a lake and an overhanging church wall ( both features still exist in 1982 — the roads to have been served were largely those served currently by London Country buses ) .
the narrowest , pound street , passed between a lake and an overhanging church wall ( both features still exist in 1982 — the roads to have been served were largely those served [now] by london country buses ) .

The Exiles are bristling to get back on the scene and currently lie third in the Division Four South , tucked in behind Havant and Basingstoke .
the exiles are bristling to get back on the scene and [now] lie third in the division four south , tucked in behind havant and basingstoke .

He is currently slugging it out at Tarbes in the company of Stellenbosh back row player Dries Van Heerden .
he is [now] slugging it out at tarbes in the company of stellenbosh back row player dries van heerden .

An Institute working party is currently re-examining the issue with a view to moving the arguments further forward .
an institute working party is [now] re-examining the issue with a view to moving the arguments further forward .

The Government currently has to find about £1bn a week to finance its deficit .
the government [now] has to find about £1bn a week to finance its deficit .

Despite these limitations , Rabbit can claim some advantages over other mobile phones currently available , especially when it comes to call quality and security , and international compatibility .
despite these limitations , rabbit can claim some advantages over other mobile phones [now] available , especially when it comes to call quality and security , and international compatibility .

Research indicates that customers are worried about call costs and do not trust the dealers from whom they currently buy their cellular phones .
research indicates that customers are worried about call costs and do not trust the dealers from whom they [now] buy their cellular phones .

Mercury currently only offers a single level of service termed ‘ primary rate ’ .
mercury [now] only offers a single level of service termed ‘ primary rate ’ .

Both operators are currently battling it out by making special offers on their primary rate connection charges .
both operators are [now] battling it out by making special offers on their primary rate connection charges .

Currently , some 450 intermediaries are linked to the service and this is expected to expand .
[now] , some 450 intermediaries are linked to the service and this is expected to expand .

Variations from the regular cost are spread over the expected remaining service lives of employees currently in the scheme .
variations from the regular cost are spread over the expected remaining service lives of employees [now] in the scheme .

We therefore feel that a Pensions Act is now necessary in order to consolidate existing legislation , clarify the major areas of uncertainty which currently exist in trust law , and to introduce new safeguards which we believe to be necessary .
we therefore feel that a pensions act is now necessary in order to consolidate existing legislation , clarify the major areas of uncertainty which [now] exist in trust law , and to introduce new safeguards which we believe to be necessary .

‘ The power to appoint the auditor currently lies with the trustees and they should be allowed to continue to appoint who they see fit .
‘ the power to appoint the auditor [now] lies with the trustees and they should be allowed to continue to appoint who they see fit .

Currently , only market makers on The Stock Exchange qualify for business property relief and the option to pay inheritance tax by interest-free instalments .
[now] , only market makers on the stock exchange qualify for business property relief and the option to pay inheritance tax by interest-free instalments .

Where warrants or convertible debt are in issue which may require the company to issue shares of a class which is not currently in issue the information set out in paragraph 51 should be given in respect of that class .
where warrants or convertible debt are in issue which may require the company to issue shares of a class which is not [now] in issue the information set out in paragraph 51 should be given in respect of that class .

There are currently some 25,000 members who pay their annual subscription by direct debit .
there are [now] some 25,000 members who pay their annual subscription by direct debit .

Research is currently being carried out into cravings — why they start , what they mean and how to control them — and we can gain some reassurance and help from what has been learned so far .
research is [now] being carried out into cravings — why they start , what they mean and how to control them — and we can gain some reassurance and help from what has been learned so far .

Currently , there are six formats which can be used with camcorders .
[now] , there are six formats which can be used with camcorders .

Accountants ' reports on unincorporated businesses ' accounts are currently referred to as ‘ audit reports ’ by many , including many banks and other lenders .
accountants ' reports on unincorporated businesses ' accounts are [now] referred to as ‘ audit reports ’ by many , including many banks and other lenders .

Rodney Galpin is retiring from his position as chairman and chief executive of Standard Chartered ; he will be replaced by Patrick Gillam , currently deputy chairman .
rodney galpin is retiring from his position as chairman and chief executive of standard chartered ; he will be replaced by patrick gillam , [now] deputy chairman .

His personal loyalty to clients , for example , became a byword in Scotland , as Sir James McKinnon , currently head of Ofgas and vice-president of the Scottish Institute when Mr Morrison was president , recalls .
his personal loyalty to clients , for example , became a byword in scotland , as sir james mckinnon , [now] head of ofgas and vice-president of the scottish institute when mr morrison was president , recalls .

Kookai 's sales last year were £10m , on which the company is currently breaking even .
kookai 's sales last year were £10m , on which the company is [now] breaking even .

The societies , plus Abbey National — which became a bank when it floated in 1989 — currently have a market share of about 85 % , with banks and centralised lenders such as The Mortgage Corporation accounting for most of the remaining 15 % .
the societies , plus abbey national — which became a bank when it floated in 1989 — [now] have a market share of about 85 % , with banks and centralised lenders such as the mortgage corporation accounting for most of the remaining 15 % .

So what do we do to prevent history repeating itself ? How to improve governance to enhance the competitiveness and entrepreneurial spirit of British industry ? And how to prevent personal financial loss for the ordinary person , caused by the minority which overreach themselves , or are criminally inclined ? It is the last question that is my theme , because that is where the spotlight currently falls .
so what do we do to prevent history repeating itself ? how to improve governance to enhance the competitiveness and entrepreneurial spirit of british industry ? and how to prevent personal financial loss for the ordinary person , caused by the minority which overreach themselves , or are criminally inclined ? it is the last question that is my theme , because that is where the spotlight [now] falls .

Whichever of the tuition centres you currently attend will undoubtedly have issued you with a standard package comprising study packs , outline revision notes , practice questions and exams , at the very least .
whichever of the tuition centres you [now] attend will undoubtedly have issued you with a standard package comprising study packs , outline revision notes , practice questions and exams , at the very least .

As an example , assume that a credit rated business currently borrowing , say , up to £100m in the short-term variable rate markets decides simultaneously to lengthen the maturity and fix its interest rate exposure .
as an example , assume that a credit rated business [now] borrowing , say , up to £100m in the short-term variable rate markets decides simultaneously to lengthen the maturity and fix its interest rate exposure .

This problem is currently being aggravated by the level of charges made by the Institute for conferences and publications .
this problem is [now] being aggravated by the level of charges made by the institute for conferences and publications .

However , she is prepared to relax her views as she is currently looking for an accountant who is willing to do her books in return for , er , payment in kind .
however , she is prepared to relax her views as she is [now] looking for an accountant who is willing to do her books in return for , er , payment in kind .

Another sole practitioner , Geoffrey Day , who is currently president of the West of England District Society , sympathises .
another sole practitioner , geoffrey day , who is [now] president of the west of england district society , sympathises .

The Pru plans to keep publishing the restated figures as supplementary information , but Mr Lawrence says that even if the accruals method becomes an accepted format , the Pru will continue to report surpluses released from long-term funds , as it currently does .
the pru plans to keep publishing the restated figures as supplementary information , but mr lawrence says that even if the accruals method becomes an accepted format , the pru will continue to report surpluses released from long-term funds , as it [now] does .

The company is currently spending around £1m on lorries and trailers every year .
the company is [now] spending around £1m on lorries and trailers every year .

The European Federation of Stock Exchanges is currently working on a project called Eurolist , which aims to have the biggest companies ( those with market capitalisation of over Ecu 1bn and annual market turnover of Ecu 250m annually ) listed on a minimum of six European stock exchanges .
the european federation of stock exchanges is [now] working on a project called eurolist , which aims to have the biggest companies ( those with market capitalisation of over ecu 1bn and annual market turnover of ecu 250m annually ) listed on a minimum of six european stock exchanges .

Mark Warner Travel is currently running the spreadsheet and ledger systems in parallel , but Mr Nabakov expects Platinum to go live some time this month .
mark warner travel is [now] running the spreadsheet and ledger systems in parallel , but mr nabakov expects platinum to go live some time this month .

Others argue that disinflationary forces are currently so strong that such pressures pose no threat .
others argue that disinflationary forces are [now] so strong that such pressures pose no threat .

In response to these problems , the British Government is currently in the process of setting up a Dependent Territories Board to help strengthen the economies of the British Virgin Islands , Cayman Islands , Anguilla , Turks and Caicos Islands and Montserrat .
in response to these problems , the british government is [now] in the process of setting up a dependent territories board to help strengthen the economies of the british virgin islands , cayman islands , anguilla , turks and caicos islands and montserrat .

Interest is paid on a tiered basis but balances of £3,000 or more receive the full rate , currently 6.88 % a year .
interest is paid on a tiered basis but balances of £3,000 or more receive the full rate , [now] 6.88 % a year .

Law Society rules provide for the way client money held by a solicitor should be accounted for , and the rules currently require solicitors to submit an annual accountant 's report .
law society rules provide for the way client money held by a solicitor should be accounted for , and the rules [now] require solicitors to submit an annual accountant 's report .

Taxpayers who wish to take advantage of the new practice for valuations currently being negotiated should write to the inspector to whom they submitted the claim .
taxpayers who wish to take advantage of the new practice for valuations [now] being negotiated should write to the inspector to whom they submitted the claim .

Only London 's Metropolitan Police currently falls under direct control from Whitehall .
only london 's metropolitan police [now] falls under direct control from whitehall .

Only London 's Metropolitan Police currently falls under direct control from Whitehall .
only london 's metropolitan police [now] falls under direct control from whitehall .

Forces currently use different equipment with separate computer systems and communications networks .
forces [now] use different equipment with separate computer systems and communications networks .

Currently , the Royal Navy is expected to carry 512 nuclear warheads on its Trident fleet .
[now] , the royal navy is expected to carry 512 nuclear warheads on its trident fleet .

Reporter Davies , 40 , said : ‘ The press is currently taking a lot of criticism but these awards show it is also being recognised that a difficult job is being done . ’
reporter davies , 40 , said : ‘ the press is [now] taking a lot of criticism but these awards show it is also being recognised that a difficult job is being done . ’

Mr Condon , 45 , currently Chief Constable of Kent who takes over as the Met 's youngest-ever Commissioner in February , added that bombs still went off in Northern Ireland despite having the army on the streets .
mr condon , 45 , [now] chief constable of kent who takes over as the met 's youngest-ever commissioner in february , added that bombs still went off in northern ireland despite having the army on the streets .

The inspector , 44 , who has worked for the Princess for eight years , is currently on sick leave .
the inspector , 44 , who has worked for the princess for eight years , is [now] on sick leave .

Tests are currently confined to high-risk groups such as drug users and homosexuals .
tests are [now] confined to high-risk groups such as drug users and homosexuals .

The cheeky comic , currently starring at a club in Usk , North Wales , blamed the break-up on his exhausting timetable .
the cheeky comic , [now] starring at a club in usk , north wales , blamed the break-up on his exhausting timetable .

There are around eight big groups currently considering putting in bids to run the lottery , but by the end of the year Heritage Secretary Peter Brooke will have to choose from many more .
there are around eight big groups [now] considering putting in bids to run the lottery , but by the end of the year heritage secretary peter brooke will have to choose from many more .

Observers reckon that 52% of the company , currently in the hands of Maxwell 's administrators , will be sold to institutions at around the 125p mark .
observers reckon that 52% of the company , [now] in the hands of maxwell 's administrators , will be sold to institutions at around the 125p mark .

Moreover , the specification of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently attested .
moreover , the specification of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not [now] attested .

No matter how legitimate it might be to define the scope of linguistics in this way ( and this is currently a controversial matter ) , it will not do for language pedagogy .
no matter how legitimate it might be to define the scope of linguistics in this way ( and this is [now] a controversial matter ) , it will not do for language pedagogy .

It is currently drawing up the goals it intends to achieve , which , as an Opportunity 2000 signatory , it is required to announce publicly .
it is [now] drawing up the goals it intends to achieve , which , as an opportunity 2000 signatory , it is required to announce publicly .

‘ Companies would benefit by drawing from a wider pool of talent and ability than is currently considered , ’ he writes , ‘ and it would enable them to appoint more women .
‘ companies would benefit by drawing from a wider pool of talent and ability than is [now] considered , ’ he writes , ‘ and it would enable them to appoint more women .

The Institute is currently drafting guidance for auditors on money-laundering .
the institute is [now] drafting guidance for auditors on money-laundering .

It follows from this that Mr Damant 's ideal earnings figure does not correspond to the currently available figures of earnings , since these include exceptional items ; Mr Damant will have to separate these out .
it follows from this that mr damant 's ideal earnings figure does not correspond to the [now] available figures of earnings , since these include exceptional items ; mr damant will have to separate these out .

Unfortunately , unless they are exceptional or extraordinary , such figures are not currently disclosed .
unfortunately , unless they are exceptional or extraordinary , such figures are not [now] disclosed .

Currently , it has about 550,000 motor policies in force ; last year , in terms of written premiums , it wrote £84m , and this year it is looking at £150m-plus .
[now] , it has about 550,000 motor policies in force ; last year , in terms of written premiums , it wrote £84m , and this year it is looking at £150m-plus .

Creditor insurance is not currently one of the company 's major functions — it is provided only for Royal Bank of Scotland customers ( 322,000 in 1991 ) .
creditor insurance is not [now] one of the company 's major functions — it is provided only for royal bank of scotland customers ( 322,000 in 1991 ) .

Currently it 's one per 30,000 , whereas in Scotland ( golf 's home ) the ratio is a healthy one per 12,000 .
[now] it 's one per 30,000 , whereas in scotland ( golf 's home ) the ratio is a healthy one per 12,000 .

The report calculates that there are 978,000 people currently working in central London , where total office stock is 170m sq ft .
the report calculates that there are 978,000 people [now] working in central london , where total office stock is 170m sq ft .

This fund is currently invested in Portugal , Malaysia , Philippines , Hong Kong , Singapore , Turkey , Thailand , Greece , Indonesia , Venezuela , South Korea and Hungary .
this fund is [now] invested in portugal , malaysia , philippines , hong kong , singapore , turkey , thailand , greece , indonesia , venezuela , south korea and hungary .

Since 1988 , individuals ' gains in excess of an annual exemption ( currently £5,800 ) have been taxed as if they were additional income .
since 1988 , individuals ' gains in excess of an annual exemption ( [now] £5,800 ) have been taxed as if they were additional income .

Perhaps the Institute can , indeed , maintain an appropriate balance between the public interest and members ' interests over the longer term , but on the evidence currently available , it should come as no surprise that members are unwilling to accept too much on trust .
perhaps the institute can , indeed , maintain an appropriate balance between the public interest and members ' interests over the longer term , but on the evidence [now] available , it should come as no surprise that members are unwilling to accept too much on trust .

We are currently in communication with the Inland Revenue regarding the deductibility of training expenses for a sole trader .
we are [now] in communication with the inland revenue regarding the deductibility of training expenses for a sole trader .

For late or underpaid tax the rate will be 2.5 % over bank base rate less tax relief at the small companies rate of corporation tax ( currently 25 % ) .
for late or underpaid tax the rate will be 2.5 % over bank base rate less tax relief at the small companies rate of corporation tax ( [now] 25 % ) .

For overpayments the rate will be the bank deposit rate ( base rate minus 1 % ) less tax relief at the full rate of corporation tax ( currently 33 % ) .
for overpayments the rate will be the bank deposit rate ( base rate minus 1 % ) less tax relief at the full rate of corporation tax ( [now] 33 % ) .

Although not taxable , the supplement is significantly less than that currently payable .
although not taxable , the supplement is significantly less than that [now] payable .

It is in fact much closer to the rate paid on tax deposit certificates which currently offer 7 % gross 5.25 % net .
it is in fact much closer to the rate paid on tax deposit certificates which [now] offer 7 % gross 5.25 % net .

The married couple 's allowance , which is currently £1,720 , was introduced in 1990/91 with the advent of independent taxation and is given to married men living with their wives .
the married couple 's allowance , which is [now] £1,720 , was introduced in 1990/91 with the advent of independent taxation and is given to married men living with their wives .

For example , where the accountant currently test checks 20 client files , he might now include a couple of controlled trusts .
for example , where the accountant [now] test checks 20 client files , he might now include a couple of controlled trusts .

Such claims in fact are quite rare , running currently at the rate of about 400 a year ( Freedman et al .
such claims in fact are quite rare , running [now] at the rate of about 400 a year ( freedman et al .

We know that in general women who have been married ( that is , separated divorced or widowed ) are more likely to be living with their own parents than those who currently are married ( Martin and Roberts , 1984 ) .
we know that in general women who have been married ( that is , separated divorced or widowed ) are more likely to be living with their own parents than those who [now] are married ( martin and roberts , 1984 ) .

The government is currently considering recommendations from the Law Commission to increase the courts ' powers of exclusion .
the government is [now] considering recommendations from the law commission to increase the courts ' powers of exclusion .

The Child Support Agency will spend its first year dealing with only new cases and income support claimants , currently numbering 895,000 lone parents .
the child support agency will spend its first year dealing with only new cases and income support claimants , [now] numbering 895,000 lone parents .

The mantle currently being sampled at a distal ocean island must have undergone fractionation of U/Pb when it was located close to a cooling ridge ( in the case of Madeira ) or a cooling plume head ( in the case of the Cameroon line ) .
the mantle [now] being sampled at a distal ocean island must have undergone fractionation of u/pb when it was located close to a cooling ridge ( in the case of madeira ) or a cooling plume head ( in the case of the cameroon line ) .

Elsewhere , the dip of this detachment structure may have flattened at deeper crustal levels , resulting in an along-strike warped geometry , with only the structurally highest level ( the South Mountains ) currently exposed at the surface .
elsewhere , the dip of this detachment structure may have flattened at deeper crustal levels , resulting in an along-strike warped geometry , with only the structurally highest level ( the south mountains ) [now] exposed at the surface .

To justify the simulated climate extremes , the extreme seasonal temperatures currently experienced in Canada and Siberia have been invoked .
to justify the simulated climate extremes , the extreme seasonal temperatures [now] experienced in canada and siberia have been invoked .

Nonglacial varves with couplets comprising calcite/diatomite/organic matter/clay laminae currently form in temperate lakes for example Lake Zu\3rich .
nonglacial varves with couplets comprising calcite/diatomite/organic matter/clay laminae [now] form in temperate lakes for example lake zu\3rich .

Another candidate is the Burgess Shale Echmatocrinus , currently interpreted not as a cnidarian at all , but as an echinoderm , the earliest crinoid : the supposed tube feet are very large and could instead be anthozoan-like tentacles .
another candidate is the burgess shale echmatocrinus , [now] interpreted not as a cnidarian at all , but as an echinoderm , the earliest crinoid : the supposed tube feet are very large and could instead be anthozoan-like tentacles .

Apart from Spriggina ( and possibly Redkinia ) , the anomalocariids currently attract much interest .
apart from spriggina ( and possibly redkinia ) , the anomalocariids [now] attract much interest .

The preservation of laminated biogenic sediments is currently understood to be the result of inhibition of benthos by low concentrations of dissolved oxygen either in anoxic silled basins ( such as the Black Sea or California Borderland Basins ) , or beneath zones of strong upwelling , where an oxygen minimum layer intersects the shelf or slope ( such as off Peru or within the Gulf of California ) .
the preservation of laminated biogenic sediments is [now] understood to be the result of inhibition of benthos by low concentrations of dissolved oxygen either in anoxic silled basins ( such as the black sea or california borderland basins ) , or beneath zones of strong upwelling , where an oxygen minimum layer intersects the shelf or slope ( such as off peru or within the gulf of california ) .

The arts minister , Jordi Sole Tura , wants to give it the ornate edifice that currently houses the ministry of agriculture .
the arts minister , jordi sole tura , wants to give it the ornate edifice that [now] houses the ministry of agriculture .

The National Basketball Association currently caps salaries for a team at 53 % of admission and broadcasting revenues .
the national basketball association [now] caps salaries for a team at 53 % of admission and broadcasting revenues .

China wanted to see some reference to the possibility of direct trade — currently banned by Taiwanese law .
china wanted to see some reference to the possibility of direct trade — [now] banned by taiwanese law .

Hundreds of aspiring office-holders in the Clinton administration are currently being vetted for security clearance , a process as time-consuming as it is nerve-wracking .
hundreds of aspiring office-holders in the clinton administration are [now] being vetted for security clearance , a process as time-consuming as it is nerve-wracking .

The panel of forecasters polled by The Economist each month currently has an average forecast of only 0.8 % growth in Japan .
the panel of forecasters polled by the economist each month [now] has an average forecast of only 0.8 % growth in japan .

Only 5.6 % of women are currently unemployed — a third below the peak in 1986 .
only 5.6 % of women are [now] unemployed — a third below the peak in 1986 .

It is currently going through a bad patch of such uncertainty .
it is [now] going through a bad patch of such uncertainty .

Aegina town — courtesy of the European Community 's taxpayers — is in the throes of constructing one , currently a large nuisance to vehicles and pedestrians alike .
aegina town — courtesy of the european community 's taxpayers — is in the throes of constructing one , [now] a large nuisance to vehicles and pedestrians alike .

Even today , most convicts are sentenced to ‘ rigorous ’ imprisonment , and , although some revisions are currently being made , the gaols in most states are run according to manuals dating from the nineteenth century .
even today , most convicts are sentenced to ‘ rigorous ’ imprisonment , and , although some revisions are [now] being made , the gaols in most states are run according to manuals dating from the nineteenth century .

( However , these are areas currently being improved with central government grants — see below ) ;
( however , these are areas [now] being improved with central government grants — see below ) ;

While in 1990 it is clear which of these views is currently favoured in Rome , it is far from clear which will finally prevail .
while in 1990 it is clear which of these views is [now] favoured in rome , it is far from clear which will finally prevail .

Attacks on gypsies elsewhere in Europe are currently grabbing headlines .
attacks on gypsies elsewhere in europe are [now] grabbing headlines .

The Distillers ' Company , makers of the deforming drug thalidomide , withdrew their advertising from The Sunday Times , in which they were currently the largest advertiser , when The Sunday Times began its campaign in 1972 for better compensation for the drug 's victims .
the distillers ' company , makers of the deforming drug thalidomide , withdrew their advertising from the sunday times , in which they were [now] the largest advertiser , when the sunday times began its campaign in 1972 for better compensation for the drug 's victims .

The standardised testing of children aged seven and 14 , currently the focus of so much controversy in Britain , will at best tell parents and teachers how well children are doing at learning the facts and basic skills .
the standardised testing of children aged seven and 14 , [now] the focus of so much controversy in britain , will at best tell parents and teachers how well children are doing at learning the facts and basic skills .

Around 38 % of shops currently stay open on a Sunday .
around 38 % of shops [now] stay open on a sunday .

With luck , these two new Windows-based spreadsheets should help Lotus hang on to the 40 % of the market it currently controls .
with luck , these two new windows-based spreadsheets should help lotus hang on to the 40 % of the market it [now] controls .

To the consternation of his cabinet colleagues , he is currently conducting a wide-ranging review of public spending .
to the consternation of his cabinet colleagues , he is [now] conducting a wide-ranging review of public spending .

Designed in 1954 and built until 1968 , the model has remained so popular that London Transport is currently refurbishing 500 of them , at a cost of £1m .
designed in 1954 and built until 1968 , the model has remained so popular that london transport is [now] refurbishing 500 of them , at a cost of £1m .

Earlier , the Federal Reserve said that higher short-term interest rates , currently 3 % , should not be ruled out .
earlier , the federal reserve said that higher short-term interest rates , [now] 3 % , should not be ruled out .

Ergo , public money for the Met — it currently gets about $ 16m a year — is well spent .
ergo , public money for the met — it [now] gets about $ 16m a year — is well spent .

Bill Clinton , during and after his campaign , promised to find budget savings by shortening the average maturity ( currently five years and ten months ) of the national debt by selling more short-term paper and less long-term .
bill clinton , during and after his campaign , promised to find budget savings by shortening the average maturity ( [now] five years and ten months ) of the national debt by selling more short-term paper and less long-term .

The first , which he currently seems to believe himself , is that his failures so far are attributable to bad ‘ communications ’ .
the first , which he [now] seems to believe himself , is that his failures so far are attributable to bad ‘ communications ’ .

Law and custom thus defend the family as the prime agent of socialisation only in so far as it fulfils the task currently prescribed .
law and custom thus defend the family as the prime agent of socialisation only in so far as it fulfils the task [now] prescribed .

The ‘ kinship defenders ’ are more concerned to press for policy changes , such as more day-care provision to help one-parent families , as urgently necessary ; the other group perhaps sees such changes as more long term , as not immediately related to the needs of the children who are currently the subject of placement decisions .
the ‘ kinship defenders ’ are more concerned to press for policy changes , such as more day-care provision to help one-parent families , as urgently necessary ; the other group perhaps sees such changes as more long term , as not immediately related to the needs of the children who are [now] the subject of placement decisions .

Different views on the emphasis currently given to prevention and rehabilitation in practice .
different views on the emphasis [now] given to prevention and rehabilitation in practice .

3 The emphasis currently given to prevention and rehabilitation with natural parents in practice
3 the emphasis [now] given to prevention and rehabilitation with natural parents in practice

White families who have adopted or who are currently fostering black children should be given training .
white families who have adopted or who are [now] fostering black children should be given training .

In the midst of this sales hype , what rights does the individual retain to be as he/she wishes to be ? Must the individual bend to comply with ( usually ) middle-class value systems in order to achieve some kind of acceptance ? Normalisation in this sense begins to sound like superimposing a currently fashionable veneer without any attention to the detail of what lies underneath .
in the midst of this sales hype , what rights does the individual retain to be as he/she wishes to be ? must the individual bend to comply with ( usually ) middle-class value systems in order to achieve some kind of acceptance ? normalisation in this sense begins to sound like superimposing a [now] fashionable veneer without any attention to the detail of what lies underneath .

The Child Protection Register provides a central record of all children in a given area who have been identified as abused , or who are considered to be at risk of abuse , and who therefore are currently the subject of an interagency plan to protect them .
the child protection register provides a central record of all children in a given area who have been identified as abused , or who are considered to be at risk of abuse , and who therefore are [now] the subject of an interagency plan to protect them .

Taxes raised on what is reckoned to be the world 's largest untaxed industry would help governments spend money on treatment and education , which would do more good than the billions currently spent on attempting to throttle the criminal supply of drugs of all sorts .
taxes raised on what is reckoned to be the world 's largest untaxed industry would help governments spend money on treatment and education , which would do more good than the billions [now] spent on attempting to throttle the criminal supply of drugs of all sorts .

Currently such research is obliged to have only one aim — unhooking existing addicts .
[now] such research is obliged to have only one aim — unhooking existing addicts .

The Basque nationalists are currently expected to win half a dozen of the 350 seats in the lower house of the Cortes ; the two-party Catalan nationalist alliance , Convergence and Union , could get 17 to 19 .
the basque nationalists are [now] expected to win half a dozen of the 350 seats in the lower house of the cortes ; the two-party catalan nationalist alliance , convergence and union , could get 17 to 19 .

New equity and rights issues are currently running at nearly £1 billion a month , almost double last year 's rate .
new equity and rights issues are [now] running at nearly £1 billion a month , almost double last year 's rate .

It is currently holding a gilt auction of around £3 billion on the last Wednesday of every month .
it is [now] holding a gilt auction of around £3 billion on the last wednesday of every month .

This chapter examines the currently popular notion of ‘ transition to adulthood ’ in order to illustrate the complex and contentious nature of integration into adult life .
this chapter examines the [now] popular notion of ‘ transition to adulthood ’ in order to illustrate the complex and contentious nature of integration into adult life .

That lack of sensitivity has not made her especially popular in the locker room , but she has nevertheless gained enough respect to be selected to the board of the Women 's Tennis Association over many years , and she currently serves as its President .
that lack of sensitivity has not made her especially popular in the locker room , but she has nevertheless gained enough respect to be selected to the board of the women 's tennis association over many years , and she [now] serves as its president .

Introduced specifically for tournament and advanced players , the Pro Staff Hammer , which incorporates all of the benefits of the Hammer system — superlight weight , exceptional feel , increased control and power — complements the wider audience of players currently using the Profile Hammer .
introduced specifically for tournament and advanced players , the pro staff hammer , which incorporates all of the benefits of the hammer system — superlight weight , exceptional feel , increased control and power — complements the wider audience of players [now] using the profile hammer .

Currently , his network of clubs covers the south east of England , in Heston , Raynes Park , Chigwell , Finchley , Enfield , Eastbourne and Bushey , although he is already looking at new sites in Kent and Scotland and the intention is to expand to other areas of Britain , including Northern Ireland .
[now] , his network of clubs covers the south east of england , in heston , raynes park , chigwell , finchley , enfield , eastbourne and bushey , although he is already looking at new sites in kent and scotland and the intention is to expand to other areas of britain , including northern ireland .

Smith , a former Davis and Kings Cup player , currently coaches 5 players but is looking to expand the size of his squad with the help of sponsorship .
smith , a former davis and kings cup player , [now] coaches 5 players but is looking to expand the size of his squad with the help of sponsorship .

West Yorkshire 's internationally-famous ‘ Railway Children ’ Line , currently celebrating its 125th year of existence , has now a double reason to be pleased .
west yorkshire 's internationally-famous ‘ railway children ’ line , [now] celebrating its 125th year of existence , has now a double reason to be pleased .

The Isère is currently spending around 24 % of its budget on culture .
the isère is [now] spending around 24 % of its budget on culture .

The network of Soros foundations currently extends into seventeen countries , supporting activities in education , economics , health and the environment , and culture .
the network of soros foundations [now] extends into seventeen countries , supporting activities in education , economics , health and the environment , and culture .

In particular , the Council of Ministers is currently examining a Bill abolishing the musées classes et controlés categories .
in particular , the council of ministers is [now] examining a bill abolishing the musées classes et controlés categories .

Compared to the recent show in New York , and the restricted show currently in Paris , the Moscow version will be yet more abridged .
compared to the recent show in new york , and the restricted show [now] in paris , the moscow version will be yet more abridged .

Lille is currently undergoing major renovation , creating an ideal opportunity for its works to be better known outside its native country .
lille is [now] undergoing major renovation , creating an ideal opportunity for its works to be better known outside its native country .

The gallery 's catalogues of its French collections are currently undergoing thorough revision : that for the seventeenth to eighteenth centuries currently dates from 1957 and for the nineteenth from 1970 .
the gallery 's catalogues of its french collections are [now] undergoing thorough revision : that for the seventeenth to eighteenth centuries [now] dates from 1957 and for the nineteenth from 1970 .

Among those projected are galleries housing ethnographic material currently in the Museum of Mankind , including material from the Americas to be displayed in four rooms carved out of a large space at the end of the existing North Library .
among those projected are galleries housing ethnographic material [now] in the museum of mankind , including material from the americas to be displayed in four rooms carved out of a large space at the end of the existing north library .

Other British artists currently on in New York include James Nares ( who probably qualifies as a New Yorker by now , having lived here for the past fifteen years ) at Kasmin ; Tony Bevan , a figurative painter who often does self-portraits at Louver ( both shows until 20 March ) ; and Eric Snell , a Londoner , at Esman ( until 27 March ) .
other british artists [now] on in new york include james nares ( who probably qualifies as a new yorker by now , having lived here for the past fifteen years ) at kasmin ; tony bevan , a figurative painter who often does self-portraits at louver ( both shows until 20 march ) ; and eric snell , a londoner , at esman ( until 27 march ) .

The programme is currently under discussion , but after the opening at Palazzo Grassi in Venice in September it will probably include the Royal Academy in London , the Museo Nacional Reina Sofia in Madrid , the Museum of Fine Art in Montreal , the Metropolitan Museum in New York or the National Gallery in Washington , two museums in France including Rouen museum , and one or two Japanese museums .
the programme is [now] under discussion , but after the opening at palazzo grassi in venice in september it will probably include the royal academy in london , the museo nacional reina sofia in madrid , the museum of fine art in montreal , the metropolitan museum in new york or the national gallery in washington , two museums in france including rouen museum , and one or two japanese museums .

Framing the articles of incorporation for the non-profit foundation and its initial policies has been the responsibility of Dr Steven Mansbach , currently Associate Dean of the National Gallery of Art 's Center for Advanced Studies in the Visual Arts .
framing the articles of incorporation for the non-profit foundation and its initial policies has been the responsibility of dr steven mansbach , [now] associate dean of the national gallery of art 's center for advanced studies in the visual arts .

Dulwich Picture Gallery receives no public funding other than for its educational activities , and despite the £1.5 million raised by its own efforts over the last seven years , it is currently hard pressed to cover its running costs .
dulwich picture gallery receives no public funding other than for its educational activities , and despite the £1.5 million raised by its own efforts over the last seven years , it is [now] hard pressed to cover its running costs .

According to a recent report in the New York Times , the Federal Bureau of Investigation is currently looking into the disappearance of three Egyptian antiquities , shipped to the Merrin Gallery in Manhattan from the Cleveland Museum of art on 1 October , but which failed to arrive .
according to a recent report in the new york times , the federal bureau of investigation is [now] looking into the disappearance of three egyptian antiquities , shipped to the merrin gallery in manhattan from the cleveland museum of art on 1 october , but which failed to arrive .

Boime investigates the group 's writings , sources and patronage in relation to the Risorgimento — a useful accompaniment to the exhibition ‘ Ottocento : Romanticism and Revolution in nineteenth-century Italian paintings ’ currently at the Walters Art Gallery , Baltimore .
boime investigates the group 's writings , sources and patronage in relation to the risorgimento — a useful accompaniment to the exhibition ‘ ottocento : romanticism and revolution in nineteenth-century italian paintings ’ [now] at the walters art gallery , baltimore .

Currently he has two museum shows running in Europe devoted to his famously demanding — in terms of sheer weight and mass — sculptures .
[now] he has two museum shows running in europe devoted to his famously demanding — in terms of sheer weight and mass — sculptures .

Rome 's underground railway , which runs close to the surface between the Colosseum and the Arch of Constantine , has agreed to fit the trains with rubber wheels which will virtually eliminate the shaking that the building currently receives .
rome 's underground railway , which runs close to the surface between the colosseum and the arch of constantine , has agreed to fit the trains with rubber wheels which will virtually eliminate the shaking that the building [now] receives .

Christie 's have indicated that they are currently reviewing both seller 's commissions and buyer 's premium .
christie 's have indicated that they are [now] reviewing both seller 's commissions and buyer 's premium .

The sprawling retrospective of his work currently takes up the two vast floors normally devoted by the museum to setting forth the story of late nineteenth- and twentieth-century painting and sculpture .
the sprawling retrospective of his work [now] takes up the two vast floors normally devoted by the museum to setting forth the story of late nineteenth- and twentieth-century painting and sculpture .

He currently lives and teaches in Bogota , but his schooling took him as far north as the Rhode Island School of Design and Yale .
he [now] lives and teaches in bogota , but his schooling took him as far north as the rhode island school of design and yale .

Juan also appears on the Indisc/33rpm compilation-collaboration , ‘ Panic In Detroit ’ , has started remixing again ( Eon 's ‘ Spice ’ is an example ) and contributed a Martin Bonds track from his Metroplex label ( currently reactivating ) to Infonet 's upcoming ‘ 313 Detroit ’ album .
juan also appears on the indisc/33rpm compilation-collaboration , ‘ panic in detroit ’ , has started remixing again ( eon 's ‘ spice ’ is an example ) and contributed a martin bonds track from his metroplex label ( [now] reactivating ) to infonet 's upcoming ‘ 313 detroit ’ album .

It was first spotted by Gary Walker at Wiiija Records — currently championing Huggy Bear and Cornershop and one of the ‘ 90s ’ most underestimated talent scouts — who flew to Belfast with the last of his money to sign them in the early days .
it was first spotted by gary walker at wiiija records — [now] championing huggy bear and cornershop and one of the ‘ 90s ’ most underestimated talent scouts — who flew to belfast with the last of his money to sign them in the early days .

The Carpets may have tumbled from grace with those anxious to keep pace with fashion , fallen victim to a mid-career plunge into the realms of prog rock and put out the odd dodgy single , but they 're currently looking like people whose revived self-belief is entirely justified .
the carpets may have tumbled from grace with those anxious to keep pace with fashion , fallen victim to a mid-career plunge into the realms of prog rock and put out the odd dodgy single , but they 're [now] looking like people whose revived self-belief is entirely justified .

The ‘ slacker ’ tag , that 's currently slung at anything American with long hair and a dopey demeanour , seems particularly applicable to him .
the ‘ slacker ’ tag , that 's [now] slung at anything american with long hair and a dopey demeanour , seems particularly applicable to him .

Still , the buying goes on , with almost every major writer currently loaning at least one title to Hollywood .
still , the buying goes on , with almost every major writer [now] loaning at least one title to hollywood .

Some of the titles currently optioned have been around for years , but the prospects are tantalising .
some of the titles [now] optioned have been around for years , but the prospects are tantalising .

Kylie thinks she 's Lolita , Morrissey 's currently trying to ignore a hideous truth dark enough to match that of Dorian Gray , and Bob Geldof was Jesus Christ before breakfast .
kylie thinks she 's lolita , morrissey 's [now] trying to ignore a hideous truth dark enough to match that of dorian gray , and bob geldof was jesus christ before breakfast .

If they sound , on paper , like every other American thrash band currently on the treadmill , it 's probably because they are .
if they sound , on paper , like every other american thrash band [now] on the treadmill , it 's probably because they are .

But despite such ribald repartee , The Joyriders appear calmly determined in the face of various , invariably logistical , hassles suffered by the handful of Scottish bands not currently claiming residence in Bellshill .
but despite such ribald repartee , the joyriders appear calmly determined in the face of various , invariably logistical , hassles suffered by the handful of scottish bands not [now] claiming residence in bellshill .

Cope reckons that the album of B-sides will emerge one day but , with a ‘ Best Of … ’ currently on sale , the idea has been placed on the back-burner indefinitely .
cope reckons that the album of b-sides will emerge one day but , with a ‘ best of … ’ [now] on sale , the idea has been placed on the back-burner indefinitely .

In the recent past and currently , the never-married , followed by the widowed , are the most likely to require admission to an institution in old age .
in the recent past and [now] , the never-married , followed by the widowed , are the most likely to require admission to an institution in old age .

As we have already indicated , it is generally assumed that in future there is likely to be a further reduction in the proportion of people of pensionable age who will be earning currently and hence adding to the gross national product as the latter is now calculated .
as we have already indicated , it is generally assumed that in future there is likely to be a further reduction in the proportion of people of pensionable age who will be earning [now] and hence adding to the gross national product as the latter is now calculated .

It is that those who are not currently working for money make no contribution to the nation 's gross national product — that they are consumers only , not producers .
it is that those who are not [now] working for money make no contribution to the nation 's gross national product — that they are consumers only , not producers .

The process of exclusion in operation currently is an important part of the social construction of the definition and redefinition of the labour force , of the economically active and inactive , of the unemployed and retired , of the productive and unproductive , and , therefore , of working age and old age ( Walker 1980 ; Phillipson , 1982 ) .
the process of exclusion in operation [now] is an important part of the social construction of the definition and redefinition of the labour force , of the economically active and inactive , of the unemployed and retired , of the productive and unproductive , and , therefore , of working age and old age ( walker 1980 ; phillipson , 1982 ) .

In light of cancellation of 5029 's programme of Northern running in the early part of 1992 , investigations are currently under way to put together a limited number of trips ( including , a short visit to the National Railway Museum , York ) .
in light of cancellation of 5029 's programme of northern running in the early part of 1992 , investigations are [now] under way to put together a limited number of trips ( including , a short visit to the national railway museum , york ) .

On the locomotive side an ‘ in depth ’ examination is currently taking place on No. 6 ‘ Douglas ’ to determine the full extent of the work required for a major overhaul in connection with the provision of a new boiler .
on the locomotive side an ‘ in depth ’ examination is [now] taking place on no. 6 ‘ douglas ’ to determine the full extent of the work required for a major overhaul in connection with the provision of a new boiler .

This would also open doors to coverage in non-Olympic years , the ones which are currently closed to us .
this would also open doors to coverage in non-olympic years , the ones which are [now] closed to us .

Dorset 's Colette Hall also had chances in her encounter with Shannan McCarthy , 21 , who is attending the University of Georgia and is currently No. 2 in the American Collegiate rankings .
dorset 's colette hall also had chances in her encounter with shannan mccarthy , 21 , who is attending the university of georgia and is [now] no. 2 in the american collegiate rankings .

Twist our arms and we 'll plump for his brilliantly-executed diatribe against the somewhat larger rock acts currently doing the rounds : ‘ Gim me something small and poisonous , with teeth , born out of the gutter , ’ oozed The Ig , eyes bulging as if strapped to the electric chair .
twist our arms and we 'll plump for his brilliantly-executed diatribe against the somewhat larger rock acts [now] doing the rounds : ‘ gim me something small and poisonous , with teeth , born out of the gutter , ’ oozed the ig , eyes bulging as if strapped to the electric chair .

According to a recent Hollywood Reporter piece , the Runt is currently labelless but has been working on a project which has been hailed as the first interactive album .
according to a recent hollywood reporter piece , the runt is [now] labelless but has been working on a project which has been hailed as the first interactive album .

Currently , all three remaining members of My Captains still live in Oxford .
[now] , all three remaining members of my captains still live in oxford .

London management , currently headed by Lord Gowrie ( rumours of whose impending departure continue to circulate ) and Timothy Llewellyn , will report to her .
london management , [now] headed by lord gowrie ( rumours of whose impending departure continue to circulate ) and timothy llewellyn , will report to her .

Timothy Hirsch , currently managing director of Christie 's Stamp department , will become joint managing director with Telford Shute .
timothy hirsch , [now] managing director of christie 's stamp department , will become joint managing director with telford shute .

Miller is currently contemplating an autumn debut with his own gallery in Cologne .
miller is [now] contemplating an autumn debut with his own gallery in cologne .

Valeriy Kulishov goes on to describe the legal vacuum in which Russia currently finds itself .
valeriy kulishov goes on to describe the legal vacuum in which russia [now] finds itself .

Currently under preparation for 1995–96 , and likely to coincide with the publication of the long-awaited catalogue raisonné by John Rewald , is an excitingly broad survey curated by Joseph Rishel of the Philadelphia Museum of Art and Francoise Cachin of the Musée d'Orsay .
[now] under preparation for 1995–96 , and likely to coincide with the publication of the long-awaited catalogue raisonné by john rewald , is an excitingly broad survey curated by joseph rishel of the philadelphia museum of art and francoise cachin of the musée d'orsay .

The copperplates of some of the most famous of the artist 's prints , including ‘ Faust ’ , ‘ Self-portrait with feather in cap ’ , ‘ The Raising of Lazarus : arched plate ’ , ‘ The Pancake Woman ’ , ‘ Beggars receiving alms at the doors of an inn ’ , ‘ Jan Cornelis Sylvius ’ and ‘ Joseph and Potiphar 's wife ’ , are currently on show at Artemis and are selling extremely quickly to both private collectors ( one has bought the ‘ Beggars receiving alms at the doors of an inn ’ ) and institutions : the Rijksmuseum has already acquired a group which will be divided between the Rijksprentenkabinet , the Rembrandthuis and the Amsterdam Historical Museum .
the copperplates of some of the most famous of the artist 's prints , including ‘ faust ’ , ‘ self-portrait with feather in cap ’ , ‘ the raising of lazarus : arched plate ’ , ‘ the pancake woman ’ , ‘ beggars receiving alms at the doors of an inn ’ , ‘ jan cornelis sylvius ’ and ‘ joseph and potiphar 's wife ’ , are [now] on show at artemis and are selling extremely quickly to both private collectors ( one has bought the ‘ beggars receiving alms at the doors of an inn ’ ) and institutions : the rijksmuseum has already acquired a group which will be divided between the rijksprentenkabinet , the rembrandthuis and the amsterdam historical museum .

In Dering Street , leading Spanish artist Susan Solano is showing new sculptures at Anthony Reynolds ( to 10 April ) , coinciding with her impressive retrospective survey organised for the Palacio de Velazquez , Madrid , and currently showing at the Whitechapel Art Gallery ( to 2 May ) .
in dering street , leading spanish artist susan solano is showing new sculptures at anthony reynolds ( to 10 april ) , coinciding with her impressive retrospective survey organised for the palacio de velazquez , madrid , and [now] showing at the whitechapel art gallery ( to 2 may ) .

Dysfunction is a term currently enjoying great vogue , perhaps because it so aptly describes so much of what we laughingly refer to as modern living . Or how about the scenes of ambiguously happy home life in Philip-Lorca di Corcia 's photographs ( at Wooster Gardens from 10 April to 15 May ) ? And what of Mark Greenwold 's small-format , hyper-real paintings of family violence ( at Phyllis Kind , 4–25 April ) ? And how about the ambiguous comments on contemporary tabloid domesticity — Woody Allen , among others — featured in Hans-Jorge Mayer 's paintings ( at Thomas Nordanstad from 2 April to 3 May ) ?
dysfunction is a term [now] enjoying great vogue , perhaps because it so aptly describes so much of what we laughingly refer to as modern living . or how about the scenes of ambiguously happy home life in philip-lorca di corcia 's photographs ( at wooster gardens from 10 april to 15 may ) ? and what of mark greenwold 's small-format , hyper-real paintings of family violence ( at phyllis kind , 4–25 april ) ? and how about the ambiguous comments on contemporary tabloid domesticity — woody allen , among others — featured in hans-jorge mayer 's paintings ( at thomas nordanstad from 2 april to 3 may ) ?

The loco , who was on her way back from a three-months-long loan spell at the Battlefield Line in Market Bosworth , also shunted at the Colliery , currently producing 30,000 tonnes of power station rail-borne coal every week .
the loco , who was on her way back from a three-months-long loan spell at the battlefield line in market bosworth , also shunted at the colliery , [now] producing 30,000 tonnes of power station rail-borne coal every week .

Passenger boarding and alighting will not be possible at Far Stanley as is the case currently at Gretton .
passenger boarding and alighting will not be possible at far stanley as is the case [now] at gretton .

Now an enthusiast from Wigan is appealing to the town 's former loco engineering brains-trust to help him return a currently heavily corroded expatriate railcar to service deep in the Emerald Isle …
now an enthusiast from wigan is appealing to the town 's former loco engineering brains-trust to help him return a [now] heavily corroded expatriate railcar to service deep in the emerald isle …

It has remained in Prague ever since and is currently on show at the Czech capital 's National Gallery .
it has remained in prague ever since and is [now] on show at the czech capital 's national gallery .

This show fits into a wider reassessment of Beuys currently taking place in the United States , which , ironically , follows , rather than precedes , the considerable interest already shown in the work of other German artists including Gerhard Richter , Anselm Kiefer and Georg Baselitz .
this show fits into a wider reassessment of beuys [now] taking place in the united states , which , ironically , follows , rather than precedes , the considerable interest already shown in the work of other german artists including gerhard richter , anselm kiefer and georg baselitz .

Dulwich inevitably suffers from its geographical situation four miles south of central London , and currently lacks any surplus funds to promote itself through increased advertising .
dulwich inevitably suffers from its geographical situation four miles south of central london , and [now] lacks any surplus funds to promote itself through increased advertising .

The main issue — which locations within the Pushkin Museum complex can take the collection and when — remains as yet unresolved , but a number of alternatives are being examined : a former residential building currently under conversion to house the Pushkin 's own exhibitions of modern art , and the site of the former Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels Museum .
the main issue — which locations within the pushkin museum complex can take the collection and when — remains as yet unresolved , but a number of alternatives are being examined : a former residential building [now] under conversion to house the pushkin 's own exhibitions of modern art , and the site of the former karl marx and friedrich engels museum .

Dolors Miró , eighty-year old daughter of the artist , has announced that a large number of the 300 works belonging to the family currently on show at the Fondación ( recently re-opened with a major new extension ; see The Art Newspaper No .
dolors miró , eighty-year old daughter of the artist , has announced that a large number of the 300 works belonging to the family [now] on show at the fondación ( recently re-opened with a major new extension ; see the art newspaper no .

The monument is currently half dismantled and unprotected even though work on it has been stopped ; grottos , galleries and buildings could be ruined .
the monument is [now] half dismantled and unprotected even though work on it has been stopped ; grottos , galleries and buildings could be ruined .

Unlike many other aspects of the art market , antiquities still have a haze of uncertainty about exact provenance — the Sevso Treasure , currently in a bank vault in New York awaiting legal judgement over its provenance is one example , ( see p. 1 ) .
unlike many other aspects of the art market , antiquities still have a haze of uncertainty about exact provenance — the sevso treasure , [now] in a bank vault in new york awaiting legal judgement over its provenance is one example , ( see p. 1 ) .

But whether Bevin wished to go beyond the kind of cooperation he was currently pursuing in the security field was a moot question .
but whether bevin wished to go beyond the kind of cooperation he was [now] pursuing in the security field was a moot question .

This aircraft is reported to have been shipped to an East Coast workshop where work is currently under way with a view to making it fly again .
this aircraft is reported to have been shipped to an east coast workshop where work is [now] under way with a view to making it fly again .

Currently available with the English language module .
[now] available with the english language module .

He is currently Director-General of the Bell Educational Trust , Cambridge .
he is [now] director-general of the bell educational trust , cambridge .

This week Unisys previews a far-flung range of ‘ Pentium-ready ’ machines , currently using 80486s but designed to be seamlessly upgraded to 60MHz Pentiums in the third quarter .
this week unisys previews a far-flung range of ‘ pentium-ready ’ machines , [now] using 80486s but designed to be seamlessly upgraded to 60mhz pentiums in the third quarter .

Commission members and Brendan McKeague , the Development Worker , have recently journeyed around the diocese to meet with groups and individuals who are currently working with poverty and the poor in their own areas or further afield .
commission members and brendan mckeague , the development worker , have recently journeyed around the diocese to meet with groups and individuals who are [now] working with poverty and the poor in their own areas or further afield .

Unfortunately , the union is currently controlled by minority , unrepresentative , self interest groups who have little concern for the views of ordinary members and their feelings .
unfortunately , the union is [now] controlled by minority , unrepresentative , self interest groups who have little concern for the views of ordinary members and their feelings .

The combination of the new panels and the Monarch door whose features include integral multipoint locking , deadlock facility , and optional built-in intruder alarm , makes for what is probably the most secure entrance door currently available .
the combination of the new panels and the monarch door whose features include integral multipoint locking , deadlock facility , and optional built-in intruder alarm , makes for what is probably the most secure entrance door [now] available .

This premise is in direct opposition to the view , currently fashionable , that defined and prescribed academic targets should be set for each stage of a child 's progress through school .
this premise is in direct opposition to the view , [now] fashionable , that defined and prescribed academic targets should be set for each stage of a child 's progress through school .

Currently there are some 14 000 playgroups serving nearly 250 000 children .
[now] there are some 14 000 playgroups serving nearly 250 000 children .

The capacity and speed of optoelectronics make it an ideal means for simplifying switching and routing with optical networking a possibility for perhaps 10 years time — a prospect that researchers from University College are currently co-researching with British Telecommunications Plc in Harlow .
the capacity and speed of optoelectronics make it an ideal means for simplifying switching and routing with optical networking a possibility for perhaps 10 years time — a prospect that researchers from university college are [now] co-researching with british telecommunications plc in harlow .

Inevitably the engineer , architect or other designer devotes most of his attention and expertise to devising mechanisms , buildings and so on which support some human activity more effectively than those currently available .
inevitably the engineer , architect or other designer devotes most of his attention and expertise to devising mechanisms , buildings and so on which support some human activity more effectively than those [now] available .

This heat has to be turned into mechanical energy , currently always by a steam turbine and the mechanical energy in a rotating shaft is then translated by a generator into electricity .
this heat has to be turned into mechanical energy , [now] always by a steam turbine and the mechanical energy in a rotating shaft is then translated by a generator into electricity .

The larger systems which make up communities and nations are currently in a state of flux because of the impact of technology .
the larger systems which make up communities and nations are [now] in a state of flux because of the impact of technology .

Currently there are about 4.5 billion people in the world , 1 billion in the developed world and 3.5 billion in the developing world ( Table 1.2 ) .
[now] there are about 4.5 billion people in the world , 1 billion in the developed world and 3.5 billion in the developing world ( table 1.2 ) .

This approach contravenes currently fashionable Human Factors methodology that there should be a formal attempt to carry out man-machine allocation .
this approach contravenes [now] fashionable human factors methodology that there should be a formal attempt to carry out man-machine allocation .

It invariably turns out that an operator makes a series of decisions partly on the basis of what is currently displayed ( on-line information ) and partly on the basis of other material obtained from his knowledge of the system performance , his briefing and his operating instructions ( off-line information ) .
it invariably turns out that an operator makes a series of decisions partly on the basis of what is [now] displayed ( on-line information ) and partly on the basis of other material obtained from his knowledge of the system performance , his briefing and his operating instructions ( off-line information ) .

For example , because of employment levels there is currently an emphasis on earlier retirement from and later entry into the working world .
for example , because of employment levels there is [now] an emphasis on earlier retirement from and later entry into the working world .

To encompass all these parameters , it is currently fashionable to describe the person as responding in terms of his mental model of the situation rather than to the situation itself .
to encompass all these parameters , it is [now] fashionable to describe the person as responding in terms of his mental model of the situation rather than to the situation itself .

He knows where it is even though he can not currently see it .
he knows where it is even though he can not [now] see it .

His model contains about 120 different abilities , it is not currently very popular with psychometricians .
his model contains about 120 different abilities , it is not [now] very popular with psychometricians .

This band is currently contracting even further in European societies .
this band is [now] contracting even further in european societies .

Indeed there is currently much greater utilisation in guidance and therapy .
indeed there is [now] much greater utilisation in guidance and therapy .

It becomes of particular significance within the currently fashionable company policy of separating core and peripheral employees .
it becomes of particular significance within the [now] fashionable company policy of separating core and peripheral employees .

This will come as a disappointment to some couples , but it would be unfair to raise expectations when our list of approved couples is currently more than sufficient to meet the demand .
this will come as a disappointment to some couples , but it would be unfair to raise expectations when our list of approved couples is [now] more than sufficient to meet the demand .

Yet the very need for academic subjects to escape from allegations of ‘ practical utility ’ may yet lead to irresistible pressure for change in the period of economic malaise which we currently confront .
yet the very need for academic subjects to escape from allegations of ‘ practical utility ’ may yet lead to irresistible pressure for change in the period of economic malaise which we [now] confront .

Until these underlying images of individual and society are recognized , and their study given the explicit attention it deserves , the significance of geographical knowledge for social practice will not be realized , nor the constraints it currently imposes overcome .
until these underlying images of individual and society are recognized , and their study given the explicit attention it deserves , the significance of geographical knowledge for social practice will not be realized , nor the constraints it [now] imposes overcome .

Before examining conflicting views about priorities within the four main activities within English — literature , creativity , discrimination , and classroom talk — it is useful to consider the term ‘ political ’ in reference to definitions currently being made by leading figures concerned with English in schools .
before examining conflicting views about priorities within the four main activities within english — literature , creativity , discrimination , and classroom talk — it is useful to consider the term ‘ political ’ in reference to definitions [now] being made by leading figures concerned with english in schools .

What is certain , however , is that currently English teachers are being urged by the majority of voices in their midst to concentrate upon encouragement of their pupils ' creativity .
what is certain , however , is that [now] english teachers are being urged by the majority of voices in their midst to concentrate upon encouragement of their pupils ' creativity .

The findings to be considered here ( and the broader body of research of which they are typical ) suggest that the link between education and occupation is much more tenuous than is often supposed and call into question many of the assumptions currently held about employers ’ attitudes to young workers and to educational standards .
the findings to be considered here ( and the broader body of research of which they are typical ) suggest that the link between education and occupation is much more tenuous than is often supposed and call into question many of the assumptions [now] held about employers ’ attitudes to young workers and to educational standards .

In general both black and female workers are recruited to the unskilled or semi-skilled area of the economy and are currently suffering high levels of unemployment , particularly among the younger age groups .
in general both black and female workers are recruited to the unskilled or semi-skilled area of the economy and are [now] suffering high levels of unemployment , particularly among the younger age groups .

This does n't protect the adventurers against any effects that they might suffer in the future , only the ones that currently affect them .
this does n't protect the adventurers against any effects that they might suffer in the future , only the ones that [now] affect them .

Experts at Kent Meters , who have vast experience of conditions in different climates , reckon that metering could save more water in a year than is currently stored in northern Europe 's biggest man-made reservoir , Kielder Water in Northumbria .
experts at kent meters , who have vast experience of conditions in different climates , reckon that metering could save more water in a year than is [now] stored in northern europe 's biggest man-made reservoir , kielder water in northumbria .

Currently , Catholicism is the principal church in Brazil , claiming allegiance from more than 80 % of the population .
[now] , catholicism is the principal church in brazil , claiming allegiance from more than 80 % of the population .

While we remember those involved in medical missionary work overseas , let us also remember those who are currently in training to go overseas for the first time .
while we remember those involved in medical missionary work overseas , let us also remember those who are [now] in training to go overseas for the first time .

Age is the most important single influence over whether people are using credit currently — even more important than income .
age is the most important single influence over whether people are using credit [now] — even more important than income .

But nearly half of those who had used it in the past , though not using it currently , rated it as never good .
but nearly half of those who had used it in the past , though not using it [now] , rated it as never good .

People who most often claimed to understand interest rates well were , in order : professional/managerial people , men ( as opposed to women ) , and people currently using a lot of credit .
people who most often claimed to understand interest rates well were , in order : professional/managerial people , men ( as opposed to women ) , and people [now] using a lot of credit .

Indeed 35 per cent of people currently repaying on a weekly basis said that they would prefer monthly repayments ( against only nine per cent of those currently paying monthly who said that they would prefer weekly repayments ) .
indeed 35 per cent of people [now] repaying on a weekly basis said that they would prefer monthly repayments ( against only nine per cent of those [now] paying monthly who said that they would prefer weekly repayments ) .

He is currently the Episcopal Liaison for the National Council for the Lay Apostolate .
he is [now] the episcopal liaison for the national council for the lay apostolate .

These have a combined vibrating and rotating action , and come as close as is currently possible to the scratch-free appearance of hand sanding .
these have a combined vibrating and rotating action , and come as close as is [now] possible to the scratch-free appearance of hand sanding .

Allan Ramsay , the 17th century portraitist to the great and glamorous , is currently receiving belated acclaim .
allan ramsay , the 17th century portraitist to the great and glamorous , is [now] receiving belated acclaim .

Informix plans to open an office in Tokyo next year which will take over some responsibilities currently under the charge of its Hong Kong-based Asia/Pacific regional headquarters , like local support .
informix plans to open an office in tokyo next year which will take over some responsibilities [now] under the charge of its hong kong-based asia/pacific regional headquarters , like local support .

Taiwanese Acer Group Inc plans to expand its operations by establishing ten foreign manufacturing sites by the end of 1993 : it has four currently .
taiwanese acer group inc plans to expand its operations by establishing ten foreign manufacturing sites by the end of 1993 : it has four [now] .

Our more significant and currently fashionable meeting-point with biology is not at the level of race , but at that of species .
our more significant and [now] fashionable meeting-point with biology is not at the level of race , but at that of species .

Tylor 's work which , especially in the field of religion , is currently enjoying something of a revival , displays further and more explicitly recognized examples of this functionalist way of understanding society .
tylor 's work which , especially in the field of religion , is [now] enjoying something of a revival , displays further and more explicitly recognized examples of this functionalist way of understanding society .

To illustrate how the inequalities which underlie such possession afflictions are always and necessarily relative ( rather than absolute ) , we may end this short list of examples by referring to the Santeria cult currently popular amongst Cuban refugees in mainland America .
to illustrate how the inequalities which underlie such possession afflictions are always and necessarily relative ( rather than absolute ) , we may end this short list of examples by referring to the santeria cult [now] popular amongst cuban refugees in mainland america .

Rosewell , Georgia-based Computone Corp has reorganised again : Ed Marinaro , currently an advisor to Ventana Growth Funds and past president of Cipher Data Products , has been named chairman and chief executive officer .
rosewell , georgia-based computone corp has reorganised again : ed marinaro , [now] an advisor to ventana growth funds and past president of cipher data products , has been named chairman and chief executive officer .

Only 12 per cent of parents interviewed chose a different school from the one currently attended ; the majority opted to remain in the maintained sector .
only 12 per cent of parents interviewed chose a different school from the one [now] attended ; the majority opted to remain in the maintained sector .

X/Open Co Ltd currently derives some 20 % of its revenues from royalties : it wants that figure to rise to 100 % within five years , though that does n't mean the group wo n't have any paying shareholders by that time , because some organisations will always want to pay upfront for a participation and package of services , it believes .
x/open co ltd [now] derives some 20 % of its revenues from royalties : it wants that figure to rise to 100 % within five years , though that does n't mean the group wo n't have any paying shareholders by that time , because some organisations will always want to pay upfront for a participation and package of services , it believes .

Control Data Systems and Structural Dynamics Research Corporation have formed a joint venture to design and market product data management software : Metaphase Technology Inc , currently without a president , will work out of Minnesota and should employ 100 people in its first year of operation .
control data systems and structural dynamics research corporation have formed a joint venture to design and market product data management software : metaphase technology inc , [now] without a president , will work out of minnesota and should employ 100 people in its first year of operation .

Each woman was identified with her full name and , in three cases , the naming of the town where the women were currently living .
each woman was identified with her full name and , in three cases , the naming of the town where the women were [now] living .

The largest shareholdings currently belong to Darthaven Ltd ( 10,545 ) ; the Employees Superannuation Fund of the Plymouth and South Devon Co-operative Society Ltd ( 24,751 ) ; Sir William McAlpine ( 12,657 ) and the Dart Valley Railway Association , now the South Devon Railway Association ( 12,715 ) .
the largest shareholdings [now] belong to darthaven ltd ( 10,545 ) ; the employees superannuation fund of the plymouth and south devon co-operative society ltd ( 24,751 ) ; sir william mcalpine ( 12,657 ) and the dart valley railway association , now the south devon railway association ( 12,715 ) .

( Ordinary £1.00 shares are currently worth around £3.40 ) .
( ordinary £1.00 shares are [now] worth around £3.40 ) .

Currently it contains vintage Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company equipment and plans to replace it with more modern British Rail standard gear have attracted criticism .
[now] it contains vintage lancashire and yorkshire railway company equipment and plans to replace it with more modern british rail standard gear have attracted criticism .

Number seven ‘ Owain Glyndwr ’ is currently undergoing overhaul and No 8 ‘ Llewellyn ’ is the next for treatment when it finishes this season 's services .
number seven ‘ owain glyndwr ’ is [now] undergoing overhaul and no 8 ‘ llewellyn ’ is the next for treatment when it finishes this season 's services .

In February 1992 he was sentenced to four years in prison , which he is currently serving in Sindos Military Prison near Thessaloniki .
in february 1992 he was sentenced to four years in prison , which he is [now] serving in sindos military prison near thessaloniki .

All were selected by national coaches and all are currently ranked high up in the 16 and 14 and under categories .
all were selected by national coaches and all are [now] ranked high up in the 16 and 14 and under categories .

The winning school tennis team , for example , will be taken to the All England Club to see the Wimbledon Museum , followed by a coaching session with Cox , former British No. 1 and currently Director for the Rover Junior Tennis Initiative , and Hutchins , the former National Team Manager and Davis Cup Captain .
the winning school tennis team , for example , will be taken to the all england club to see the wimbledon museum , followed by a coaching session with cox , former british no. 1 and [now] director for the rover junior tennis initiative , and hutchins , the former national team manager and davis cup captain .

This surface is already well established in the United States , and in Europe , where there are currently 1500 in use .
this surface is already well established in the united states , and in europe , where there are [now] 1500 in use .

The railway is currently under construction and will be using the trackbed of the long-closed Newbury Railway , previously standard gauge and originally Brunel 's broad gauge .
the railway is [now] under construction and will be using the trackbed of the long-closed newbury railway , previously standard gauge and originally brunel 's broad gauge .

‘ The Authority positively welcomes applicants from all sections of the community , and particularly from people with disabilities and people from Black and Asian Communities who are currently under-represented in the workforce .
‘ the authority positively welcomes applicants from all sections of the community , and particularly from people with disabilities and people from black and asian communities who are [now] under-represented in the workforce .

If you have , or expect to obtain in 1991 , a good honours degree or equivalent in electrical , electronic or radio engineering , communications , computer science , mathematics or physics , then we would like to hear from you . We are currently looking for trainees in the following areas :
if you have , or expect to obtain in 1991 , a good honours degree or equivalent in electrical , electronic or radio engineering , communications , computer science , mathematics or physics , then we would like to hear from you . we are [now] looking for trainees in the following areas :

We currently have a vacancy within the Customer Services Team , working London Help-Desk .
we [now] have a vacancy within the customer services team , working london help-desk .

We are currently seeking a recent graduate to join our software team , located on the University of Warwick Science Park .
we are [now] seeking a recent graduate to join our software team , located on the university of warwick science park .

We are currently seeking a Postdoctoral Research Fellow for a two year appointment who will be involved in at least one of the following key research areas :
we are [now] seeking a postdoctoral research fellow for a two year appointment who will be involved in at least one of the following key research areas :

We are currently developing a new range of pharmaceutical testing products .
we are [now] developing a new range of pharmaceutical testing products .

There are currently two positions available in the toxicology department in Lyon : these two posts would normally be suitable for toxicologists with a postgraduate qualification .
there are [now] two positions available in the toxicology department in lyon : these two posts would normally be suitable for toxicologists with a postgraduate qualification .

This job involves developing the party 's main campaigns , currently against the Gulf war ( for sanctions and negotiations ) and for local tactical voting campaigns .
this job involves developing the party 's main campaigns , [now] against the gulf war ( for sanctions and negotiations ) and for local tactical voting campaigns .

If teachers in ordinary schools are to identify and meet the whole range of special needs , including those of children currently in special schools , they are entitled to support .
if teachers in ordinary schools are to identify and meet the whole range of special needs , including those of children [now] in special schools , they are entitled to support .

It is significant that currently in Sweden , where resources to support visually handicapped pupils in mainstream schools are considerable and of high level and where the integration of handicapped pupils is particularly well supported and virtually universal , there are still problems for a significant number of visually handicapped pupils in terms of social adjustment ( Svenson , 1986 ) .
it is significant that [now] in sweden , where resources to support visually handicapped pupils in mainstream schools are considerable and of high level and where the integration of handicapped pupils is particularly well supported and virtually universal , there are still problems for a significant number of visually handicapped pupils in terms of social adjustment ( svenson , 1986 ) .

In his inaugural speech on 28 July , President Fujimori promised to fully respect human rights : ‘ The terrorist violence our fledgling democracy currently faces can not justify the occasional or systematic violation of human rights . ’
in his inaugural speech on 28 july , president fujimori promised to fully respect human rights : ‘ the terrorist violence our fledgling democracy [now] faces can not justify the occasional or systematic violation of human rights . ’

An all British quartet won through to the semi-finals in Week 1 with Southampton 's Chris Wilkinson ( currently on the brink of threatening the British number 1 spot ) , facing the young Laing Squad member Andrew Richardson , and Jeremy Bates who prepared to meet his Davis Cup team mate Danny Sapsford .
an all british quartet won through to the semi-finals in week 1 with southampton 's chris wilkinson ( [now] on the brink of threatening the british number 1 spot ) , facing the young laing squad member andrew richardson , and jeremy bates who prepared to meet his davis cup team mate danny sapsford .

18 months on from its official opening by The Duchess of York , the Club has achieved both of those initial objectives and is currently trying to build upon them , in communication with its members .
18 months on from its official opening by the duchess of york , the club has achieved both of those initial objectives and is [now] trying to build upon them , in communication with its members .

He was sentenced to 10 years ' imprisonment which he is currently serving in Guanajay Prison .
he was sentenced to 10 years ' imprisonment which he is [now] serving in guanajay prison .

‘ The Indonesian students are currently the backbone of this process , since the people 's movement has not yet materialised , ’ she said .
‘ the indonesian students are [now] the backbone of this process , since the people 's movement has not yet materialised , ’ she said .

To consolidate this success the railway is currently carrying out an extensive passenger survey to find out where its existing customers come from and what they think of the railway .
to consolidate this success the railway is [now] carrying out an extensive passenger survey to find out where its existing customers come from and what they think of the railway .

These heavily-travelled , perpetually busy airways are supplemented by others currently less hectic but growing fast both in use and consequence .
these heavily-travelled , perpetually busy airways are supplemented by others [now] less hectic but growing fast both in use and consequence .

And herein , of course , lies one of the ruder ironies of the Pacific : that among all this economic vibrancy and dynamism there are still the familiar evils we currently associate only with Africa , or with countries that are at war : illiteracy , hunger , a vertiginous growth of population , disease , overcrowding , slums .
and herein , of course , lies one of the ruder ironies of the pacific : that among all this economic vibrancy and dynamism there are still the familiar evils we [now] associate only with africa , or with countries that are at war : illiteracy , hunger , a vertiginous growth of population , disease , overcrowding , slums .

As their national borders are currently defined , and as this book has decided to define the Pacific , thirty-three countries lie around the margins of the Ocean .
as their national borders are [now] defined , and as this book has decided to define the pacific , thirty-three countries lie around the margins of the ocean .

It is currently home to a family of Choco Indians , their head a middle-aged farmer known by the local people as William .
it is [now] home to a family of choco indians , their head a middle-aged farmer known by the local people as william .

It is largely thanks to this one moment of history that there currently exists an unbroken line of Spanish-speaking nations through 90° of latitude from Tijuana in northern Mexico to Punta Arenas in southern Chile .
it is largely thanks to this one moment of history that there [now] exists an unbroken line of spanish-speaking nations through 90° of latitude from tijuana in northern mexico to punta arenas in southern chile .

Currently , no Scouts at all were aboard the fortress-monastery .
[now] , no scouts at all were aboard the fortress-monastery .

Another segment displayed the night side of planet Karkason : a swell of blackness pricked with intermittent little red pimples which were the mouths of its active volcanos — those , at least , which were not currently cloaked by smoke …
another segment displayed the night side of planet karkason : a swell of blackness pricked with intermittent little red pimples which were the mouths of its active volcanos — those , at least , which were not [now] cloaked by smoke …

Company secretary Peter Nicholson said : ‘ We are currently looking out for a suitable steam locomotive but it could not be too big or heavy .
company secretary peter nicholson said : ‘ we are [now] looking out for a suitable steam locomotive but it could not be too big or heavy .

Currently the building is dismantled and is stored at Bo'ness awaiting the day when the rebuilding operation can begin .
[now] the building is dismantled and is stored at bo'ness awaiting the day when the rebuilding operation can begin .

The Polish equipment is currently on view at the Centre 's large museum site at Swanwick Junction .
the polish equipment is [now] on view at the centre 's large museum site at swanwick junction .

Currently available from the Society are copies of a limited edition of 1,000 copies of the famous 1903 Donegal Railways poster ‘ The Land of Tyrconnell ’ of which nine only original copies are known to exist .
[now] available from the society are copies of a limited edition of 1,000 copies of the famous 1903 donegal railways poster ‘ the land of tyrconnell ’ of which nine only original copies are known to exist .

Figure 4 shows diagrammatically how the new community care proposals by the government are currently planned .
figure 4 shows diagrammatically how the new community care proposals by the government are [now] planned .

Overall , a healthy plurality of different initiatives is likely to arise if a strong voluntary sector grasps the opportunity with which it is currently presented and if it is actively supported by the statutory authorities .
overall , a healthy plurality of different initiatives is likely to arise if a strong voluntary sector grasps the opportunity with which it is [now] presented and if it is actively supported by the statutory authorities .

( d ) Ascertain from sub-contractors currently employed by the company if they could recommend any other sub-contractors .
( d ) ascertain from sub-contractors [now] employed by the company if they could recommend any other sub-contractors .

Land is both stock-in-trade and a financial liability , particularly with the fluctuating rates of interest which are currently prevalent .
land is both stock-in-trade and a financial liability , particularly with the fluctuating rates of interest which are [now] prevalent .

Currently , to define quality , the floor area or number of bedrooms may be stipulated ; a restriction may also be imposed on the proportion of detached , semi-detached or terraced dwellings .
[now] , to define quality , the floor area or number of bedrooms may be stipulated ; a restriction may also be imposed on the proportion of detached , semi-detached or terraced dwellings .

It is also useful to undertake a survey of the existing stock of dwellings both overall and currently on the market , together with a detailed appraisal of the other developments in progress and their respective sale prices .
it is also useful to undertake a survey of the existing stock of dwellings both overall and [now] on the market , together with a detailed appraisal of the other developments in progress and their respective sale prices .

Pete , thinking of the Venetz sisters ' reputation for efficiency and attention to detail , asked her if she 'd hit any problems over having no social security records or documentation ; she currently had the status of an illegal immigrant , after all , and had even dumped her hot French passport as she 'd walked out of the 78 air terminal .
pete , thinking of the venetz sisters ' reputation for efficiency and attention to detail , asked her if she 'd hit any problems over having no social security records or documentation ; she [now] had the status of an illegal immigrant , after all , and had even dumped her hot french passport as she 'd walked out of the 78 air terminal .

The return of ‘ Mad ’ Trevor ‘ Killer ’ Proby after another lengthy suspension should plug the gaping hole currently occupying our defence .
the return of ‘ mad ’ trevor ‘ killer ’ proby after another lengthy suspension should plug the gaping hole [now] occupying our defence .

In 1992 this White Paper was followed up by a consultation document from the Department of Trade and Industry , Abuse of Market Power , which sets out options for reform in the areas currently covered by the Fair Trading Act 1973 and the Competition Act 1980 .
in 1992 this white paper was followed up by a consultation document from the department of trade and industry , abuse of market power , which sets out options for reform in the areas [now] covered by the fair trading act 1973 and the competition act 1980 .

Currently moves seem to be afoot to reduce the extent of vertical integration in gas supply , also with the aim of aiding the development of competition .
[now] moves seem to be afoot to reduce the extent of vertical integration in gas supply , also with the aim of aiding the development of competition .

So we asked ourselves whether this catalogue would still find a corresponding resonance , given the flood of technical literature which is currently circulating in the ceramics market . Should Matroc also add its contribution to this ?
so we asked ourselves whether this catalogue would still find a corresponding resonance , given the flood of technical literature which is [now] circulating in the ceramics market . should matroc also add its contribution to this ?

However , though the only currently practicable approach to identifying rural deprivation was an area based one and although it has been possible to make some sense of census data for rural areas , they still concluded , in line with Knox and Cottam , that it would be far better if the analysis could be performed at the individual level .
however , though the only [now] practicable approach to identifying rural deprivation was an area based one and although it has been possible to make some sense of census data for rural areas , they still concluded , in line with knox and cottam , that it would be far better if the analysis could be performed at the individual level .

This position as ‘ also attending ’ in the daily panoply of style was not for want of effort : ‘ the Dedicated Follower of Fashion ’ was no sartorial doormat ; but it was acceptable and expected that the female , complete with which ever secondary sexual characteristic was currently ‘ in ’ , should be the object of absolute scrutiny .
this position as ‘ also attending ’ in the daily panoply of style was not for want of effort : ‘ the dedicated follower of fashion ’ was no sartorial doormat ; but it was acceptable and expected that the female , complete with which ever secondary sexual characteristic was [now] ‘ in ’ , should be the object of absolute scrutiny .

It is currently fashionable to forswear flesh eating in the interests of animal rights or a lower cholesterol level .
it is [now] fashionable to forswear flesh eating in the interests of animal rights or a lower cholesterol level .

But it is equally true that there is no way of foreseeing the health status of the very elderly of 2010 or 2022 ; people grown up in the historically exceptionally prosperous period since World War Two may have very different health expectations than those currently aged over 75 who were born before 1911 in a very different environment from the present .
but it is equally true that there is no way of foreseeing the health status of the very elderly of 2010 or 2022 ; people grown up in the historically exceptionally prosperous period since world war two may have very different health expectations than those [now] aged over 75 who were born before 1911 in a very different environment from the present .

The first stage of this argument , however , is to demonstrate the importance of regional and local perspectives on population and to indicate by reference of the lack of official statistics on local populations and migration , how little attention is currently paid by central government to these questions .
the first stage of this argument , however , is to demonstrate the importance of regional and local perspectives on population and to indicate by reference of the lack of official statistics on local populations and migration , how little attention is [now] paid by central government to these questions .

Yet wider cultural influences , many of them associated with the decline of the traditional rural way of life , are working to undermine the customary expectations of the farm worker — particularly when we consider this on an intergenerational basis-For example , a large majority of agricultural workers currently engaged by the industry are themselves the sons of farm workers — probably more than two-thirds .
yet wider cultural influences , many of them associated with the decline of the traditional rural way of life , are working to undermine the customary expectations of the farm worker — particularly when we consider this on an intergenerational basis-for example , a large majority of agricultural workers [now] engaged by the industry are themselves the sons of farm workers — probably more than two-thirds .

Further mechanization will enable farmers to cope with a reduced quantity of labour , but further mechanization will require a finer quality of labour — and it is precisely the highly educated and the highly trained who currently shun working on the land .
further mechanization will enable farmers to cope with a reduced quantity of labour , but further mechanization will require a finer quality of labour — and it is precisely the highly educated and the highly trained who [now] shun working on the land .

This is not to suggest that English villages are currently hotbeds of social unrest , far from it .
this is not to suggest that english villages are [now] hotbeds of social unrest , far from it .

Consequently it is neither possible nor appropriate in a book of this kind to analyse all of the issues which currently preoccupy environmentalists-It will be necessary instead to limit our discussion to only those aspects of environmentalism which are immediately relevant to current social changes in rural England .
consequently it is neither possible nor appropriate in a book of this kind to analyse all of the issues which [now] preoccupy environmentalists-it will be necessary instead to limit our discussion to only those aspects of environmentalism which are immediately relevant to current social changes in rural england .

This is an extremely superficial gain but it is nonetheless currently considered ‘ positive ’ .
this is an extremely superficial gain but it is nonetheless [now] considered ‘ positive ’ .

As an extremely broad overview , the shift from heavy manufacturing through the electronics and cybernetics revolution is creating the conditions for a different position for disabled people in society and this theoretical position is currently being borne out .
as an extremely broad overview , the shift from heavy manufacturing through the electronics and cybernetics revolution is creating the conditions for a different position for disabled people in society and this theoretical position is [now] being borne out .

One in particular is that we currently lack a theory , or theories , of an alternative process .
one in particular is that we [now] lack a theory , or theories , of an alternative process .

Given that conductive education is theoretically unproven , practically unsubstantiated and ideologically unsound , why are we currently seeing many local education authorities and , indeed , the Spastics Society itself , besieged by angry parents demanding the provision of conductive education almost overnight ?
given that conductive education is theoretically unproven , practically unsubstantiated and ideologically unsound , why are we [now] seeing many local education authorities and , indeed , the spastics society itself , besieged by angry parents demanding the provision of conductive education almost overnight ?

There is much currently spoken about ‘ consultation with service-users ’ but this can all too easily become tokenistic without informed advice about how to realise this aim .
there is much [now] spoken about ‘ consultation with service-users ’ but this can all too easily become tokenistic without informed advice about how to realise this aim .

In this study 24 disabled people currently employed or training in the health and caring professions were interviewed , and one person , who was working abroad , sent a written account of her experiences using the interview schedule as a guide .
in this study 24 disabled people [now] employed or training in the health and caring professions were interviewed , and one person , who was working abroad , sent a written account of her experiences using the interview schedule as a guide .

‘ The funds are currently being invested in our bogus companies ; their value will fall dramatically over the next six months .
‘ the funds are [now] being invested in our bogus companies ; their value will fall dramatically over the next six months .

This causes them to argue for a loosening of the legal duties that define the objectives of management decision making , which currently emphasise the maximisation of shareholder wealth , to enable a broader range of purposes to be pursued .
this causes them to argue for a loosening of the legal duties that define the objectives of management decision making , which [now] emphasise the maximisation of shareholder wealth , to enable a broader range of purposes to be pursued .

We will see later that a model of the company infused with the imagery of contract , suggesting negotiation and mutually beneficial exchange , or at least optimal , market-induced equilibria , supports a different analytical and evaluative approach to current corporate governance arrangements from one which views those arrangements as partially shaped by management power , but that is a different debate from the one in which we are currently engaged .
we will see later that a model of the company infused with the imagery of contract , suggesting negotiation and mutually beneficial exchange , or at least optimal , market-induced equilibria , supports a different analytical and evaluative approach to current corporate governance arrangements from one which views those arrangements as partially shaped by management power , but that is a different debate from the one in which we are [now] engaged .

It can be argued that the interests of the various groups affected by company decision making — employees , local communities , consumers , and all of us , through our interest in the environment , for example — are invested with a moral significance that can not be adequately captured within the relatively finite external legal controls that are currently relied on to regulate the terms on which wealth is created .
it can be argued that the interests of the various groups affected by company decision making — employees , local communities , consumers , and all of us , through our interest in the environment , for example — are invested with a moral significance that can not be adequately captured within the relatively finite external legal controls that are [now] relied on to regulate the terms on which wealth is created .

These are likely to be self-serving , but , in Berle and Means ' view , the possibility is also opened up that rather than furthering their own interests , or those of the shareholders as currently required by law , management might act in the interests of society as a whole , evolving into a ‘ purely neutral technocracy balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and assigning to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity ’ .
these are likely to be self-serving , but , in berle and means ' view , the possibility is also opened up that rather than furthering their own interests , or those of the shareholders as [now] required by law , management might act in the interests of society as a whole , evolving into a ‘ purely neutral technocracy balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and assigning to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity ’ .

Whatever the merits of entity or enterprise formulations as a means of protecting ‘ third party ’ interests , the content of directors ' duties is not currently defined in enterprise terms .
whatever the merits of entity or enterprise formulations as a means of protecting ‘ third party ’ interests , the content of directors ' duties is not [now] defined in enterprise terms .

If this new order is accepted by the people and the courts , the currently accepted doctrine of the legislative supremacy of Parliament would become redundant ( cf .
if this new order is accepted by the people and the courts , the [now] accepted doctrine of the legislative supremacy of parliament would become redundant ( cf .

More than three-quarters of those who are currently in post , even where they receive some remuneration , are amateurs in status , and in many cases in training as well , The extent and quality of their musical education is therefore extremely varied .
more than three-quarters of those who are [now] in post , even where they receive some remuneration , are amateurs in status , and in many cases in training as well , the extent and quality of their musical education is therefore extremely varied .

Currently there is a shortage of maths and physics teachers — a shortage which will be exacerbated by the demands of the National Curriculum .
[now] there is a shortage of maths and physics teachers — a shortage which will be exacerbated by the demands of the national curriculum .

What are the educational processes which currently result in fewer women studying science than men ?
what are the educational processes which [now] result in fewer women studying science than men ?

Kuhn argues that science education is characterized by an uncritical teaching of the dominant paradigm within a subject . Students learn their subject by accepting what is currently regarded as true knowledge :
kuhn argues that science education is characterized by an uncritical teaching of the dominant paradigm within a subject . students learn their subject by accepting what is [now] regarded as true knowledge :

The benefit currently paid is below what would have been the level of state sickness benefit .
the benefit [now] paid is below what would have been the level of state sickness benefit .

Local government services are currently financed from three sources : rates on domestic property ; rates on business property ; and a revenue support grant from central government .
local government services are [now] financed from three sources : rates on domestic property ; rates on business property ; and a revenue support grant from central government .

It claims that whereas 7.9 million households will be losers under the poll tax , there will be 11.1 million households who gain — in other words , pay less in poll tax than they do currently in rates .
it claims that whereas 7.9 million households will be losers under the poll tax , there will be 11.1 million households who gain — in other words , pay less in poll tax than they do [now] in rates .

Mortgage interest relief , for example , which cost £1.25 billion a year in lost revenue at the time Mrs Thatcher was elected in 1979 , is currently running at a total of £6.5 billion annually .
mortgage interest relief , for example , which cost £1.25 billion a year in lost revenue at the time mrs thatcher was elected in 1979 , is [now] running at a total of £6.5 billion annually .

The strategy will also require measures to counter the six forces currently at work locking this underclass firmly into place , and which are considered in this section .
the strategy will also require measures to counter the six forces [now] at work locking this underclass firmly into place , and which are considered in this section .

There are currently a number of changes at work that are likely to prevent the poor from acquiring capital assets .
there are [now] a number of changes at work that are likely to prevent the poor from acquiring capital assets .

Only when these have been successfully achieved will the private sector be able to thrive and expand in areas that are currently characterized by high unemployment .
only when these have been successfully achieved will the private sector be able to thrive and expand in areas that are [now] characterized by high unemployment .

Of course , some of those whose jobs are reallocated in the dispersal policy will decide to look for other employment in the locality in which they currently work .
of course , some of those whose jobs are reallocated in the dispersal policy will decide to look for other employment in the locality in which they [now] work .

Employers currently report that most of this sum is eaten up in labour costs ( see ‘ Massive funding survey uncovers £25 bn outlay ’ , The Times Educational Supplement , 5 August 1988 ) .
employers [now] report that most of this sum is eaten up in labour costs ( see ‘ massive funding survey uncovers £25 bn outlay ’ , the times educational supplement , 5 august 1988 ) .

It is suggested that the revenue from fiscal drag , which currently goes in financing the inflation-proofing of personal tax allowances , and which under these proposals would no longer exist , should be used to finance the doubling of child benefit over the life of a parliament .
it is suggested that the revenue from fiscal drag , which [now] goes in financing the inflation-proofing of personal tax allowances , and which under these proposals would no longer exist , should be used to finance the doubling of child benefit over the life of a parliament .

Currently about 900,000 people celebrate their twentieth birthday ( although this total will fall by a quarter within the next decade ) , while an average of 600,000 people reach the age of forty-five , a total of 1.5 million people .
[now] about 900,000 people celebrate their twentieth birthday ( although this total will fall by a quarter within the next decade ) , while an average of 600,000 people reach the age of forty-five , a total of 1.5 million people .

Membership entails the pledging of a weekly sum to be saved , and the agreement that loans will be made from this common pool of savings — at a rate of interest currently fixed by law at no more than 1 per cent .
membership entails the pledging of a weekly sum to be saved , and the agreement that loans will be made from this common pool of savings — at a rate of interest [now] fixed by law at no more than 1 per cent .

Currently , the most frequent demand is for a minimum wage level of two-thirds of average earnings to be either implemented immediately , or over a short period .
[now] , the most frequent demand is for a minimum wage level of two-thirds of average earnings to be either implemented immediately , or over a short period .

But this policy of buying time should not be at the expense of those young people who are currently losing out at school .
but this policy of buying time should not be at the expense of those young people who are [now] losing out at school .

There are thus general if disputed boundaries to the undergraduate curriculum as currently conceived .
there are thus general if disputed boundaries to the undergraduate curriculum as [now] conceived .

It exists in other professional fields , especially those which deal with people rather than things , and may in time arise in nursing which is currently becoming more academically orientated .
it exists in other professional fields , especially those which deal with people rather than things , and may in time arise in nursing which is [now] becoming more academically orientated .

This emphasis could be justified on the grounds that economics or at least a version of it — lies currently at the heart of government discourse on higher education , but it also reflects the fact that there is more to go on , in terms of information and analysis , with this aspect of the undergraduate curriculum than with the other seven .
this emphasis could be justified on the grounds that economics or at least a version of it — lies [now] at the heart of government discourse on higher education , but it also reflects the fact that there is more to go on , in terms of information and analysis , with this aspect of the undergraduate curriculum than with the other seven .

Typically , in Weberian bureaucracies , relationships have been settled by hierarchy , giving rise to many of the most characteristic aspects of organizations as they are currently understood .
typically , in weberian bureaucracies , relationships have been settled by hierarchy , giving rise to many of the most characteristic aspects of organizations as they are [now] understood .

To be sure , such a reconstituted social psychology will be more ‘ social ’ than much of current social psychology , and a rhetorical emphasis would direct attention to problems which currently tend to be overlooked .
to be sure , such a reconstituted social psychology will be more ‘ social ’ than much of current social psychology , and a rhetorical emphasis would direct attention to problems which [now] tend to be overlooked .

In fact , the Conservative Party is currently going through one of its infrequent ideological phases , with the growth of ‘ libertarian philosophy ’ .
in fact , the conservative party is [now] going through one of its infrequent ideological phases , with the growth of ‘ libertarian philosophy ’ .

In the case of Vanguard , the argumentative context refers to an argument , not primarily against the outside enemies of the National Front , but against the rival faction , which is currently using anti-Zionist , pro-Palestinian rhetoric .
in the case of vanguard , the argumentative context refers to an argument , not primarily against the outside enemies of the national front , but against the rival faction , which is [now] using anti-zionist , pro-palestinian rhetoric .

The ideological postures , currently being enacted within the National Front , may throw light upon the important question raised earlier : why should fascist groups cling to their traditions of antisemitism , even though no direct political advantage would seem to accrue from their continuation ?
the ideological postures , [now] being enacted within the national front , may throw light upon the important question raised earlier : why should fascist groups cling to their traditions of antisemitism , even though no direct political advantage would seem to accrue from their continuation ?

If they wish to make predictions , they should remember that the seeds will be developed under climatic conditions , which are currently unknown .
if they wish to make predictions , they should remember that the seeds will be developed under climatic conditions , which are [now] unknown .

Currently the English , French and Belgian courts all conflict in their interpretations of the impact of legislation restricting Sunday trading .
[now] the english , french and belgian courts all conflict in their interpretations of the impact of legislation restricting sunday trading .

the standard rate , which is currently 17.5 per cent ; and
the standard rate , which is [now] 17.5 per cent ; and

Many companies currently in existence have ‘ objects clauses ’ in their memoranda of association which run to several pages in an attempt to ensure that the company will have the power to do anything the directors feel it needs to do .
many companies [now] in existence have ‘ objects clauses ’ in their memoranda of association which run to several pages in an attempt to ensure that the company will have the power to do anything the directors feel it needs to do .

Currently most of the impetus for developing efficiency and effectiveness measures arises out of recent legislation to expand the traditional role of the auditor ( see chapter 6 ) .
[now] most of the impetus for developing efficiency and effectiveness measures arises out of recent legislation to expand the traditional role of the auditor ( see chapter 6 ) .

The first section reviews the major methods of capital project appraisal currently used by private sector companies .
the first section reviews the major methods of capital project appraisal [now] used by private sector companies .

Two alternatives are possible , either to sell the machine now for £4,200 or use it in a new project that is currently under evaluation .
two alternatives are possible , either to sell the machine now for £4,200 or use it in a new project that is [now] under evaluation .

It is this view which is currently accepted by government .
it is this view which is [now] accepted by government .

Currently much effort is being directed at understanding the organizational processes of questioning and debate which such audits should stimulate rather than seeing the problem in terms of administrative techniques alone .
[now] much effort is being directed at understanding the organizational processes of questioning and debate which such audits should stimulate rather than seeing the problem in terms of administrative techniques alone .

Second , a brief summary is given of the efforts currently being introduced to reform the structure and form of central government reports .
second , a brief summary is given of the efforts [now] being introduced to reform the structure and form of central government reports .

Iacocca is currently in danger of losing his status as a visionary leader , Carlzon has likewise run into difficulties .
iacocca is [now] in danger of losing his status as a visionary leader , carlzon has likewise run into difficulties .

The implications of this accelerated diffusion of technology and rapid translation into innovative products are that companies have very little time to rest on the strength of any one currently successful product .
the implications of this accelerated diffusion of technology and rapid translation into innovative products are that companies have very little time to rest on the strength of any one [now] successful product .

Currently priced at £149 , they have sold about 50,000 units in the year since it was first launched .
[now] priced at £149 , they have sold about 50,000 units in the year since it was first launched .

Currently they offer a spellchecker , a dictionary/thesaurus , and the Harrap French/English dictionary .
[now] they offer a spellchecker , a dictionary/thesaurus , and the harrap french/english dictionary .

It seemed that they were currently engaged on a Pharaoh picture with a modest budget .
it seemed that they were [now] engaged on a pharaoh picture with a modest budget .

Currently the question of educational accountability appears to be less of an issue than was predicted in the 1970s .
[now] the question of educational accountability appears to be less of an issue than was predicted in the 1970s .

The pair arrived with money and dispatches written in invisible ink that were to be handed over to one of the leaders of the insurrectionary party in Spain , currently conspiring to get rid of the autocratic King Ferdinand and currently enjoying the support of idealistic and poetical young Englishmen .
the pair arrived with money and dispatches written in invisible ink that were to be handed over to one of the leaders of the insurrectionary party in spain , [now] conspiring to get rid of the autocratic king ferdinand and [now] enjoying the support of idealistic and poetical young englishmen .

As Table 3.5 makes clear , establishments where output is currently falling appear to be less likely to make use of fixed-term contract workers , although there is only a small , non-significant difference in this respect between establishments with rising and with stable output .
as table 3.5 makes clear , establishments where output is [now] falling appear to be less likely to make use of fixed-term contract workers , although there is only a small , non-significant difference in this respect between establishments with rising and with stable output .

Those currently in receipt of Unemployment Benefit , in other words those who have been unemployed for less than one year , can reopen rights to a further year of unemployment benefit if they work in insured employment for at least eight weeks .
those [now] in receipt of unemployment benefit , in other words those who have been unemployed for less than one year , can reopen rights to a further year of unemployment benefit if they work in insured employment for at least eight weeks .

Development is , in the main , centred around the information and techniques currently available within the data base .
development is , in the main , centred around the information and techniques [now] available within the data base .

For example , the number of books currently in print in the United Kingdom and North America is 650,000 , in addition to the millions published since the invention of printing .
for example , the number of books [now] in print in the united kingdom and north america is 650,000 , in addition to the millions published since the invention of printing .

The group 's factory and offices in Coventry are currently being re-equipped and refitted to provide the necessary facilities for further growth in the sportswear and equipment market .
the group 's factory and offices in coventry are [now] being re-equipped and refitted to provide the necessary facilities for further growth in the sportswear and equipment market .

The main point to understand is that the diet is flexible , but you must : stick to 1,000 calories per day ( unless you have chosen to increase your calorie allowance ) eat only the foods allowable in the stage you are currently on .
the main point to understand is that the diet is flexible , but you must : stick to 1,000 calories per day ( unless you have chosen to increase your calorie allowance ) eat only the foods allowable in the stage you are [now] on .

You can not record onto the videodisc machines currently on the market .
you can not record onto the videodisc machines [now] on the market .

We will look briefly at some of the systems currently on offer .
we will look briefly at some of the systems [now] on offer .

Much teacher-training material currently being produced tends to be of this kind .
much teacher-training material [now] being produced tends to be of this kind .

Currently there are three possible levels of interactive use , determined by the properties of the different systems :
[now] there are three possible levels of interactive use , determined by the properties of the different systems :

Variety within a variety ca n't be bad , and of all the Koi currently available , the prize for acceptable variation must go to the Goshiki ( pronounced ‘ Gosh-key ’ ) .
variety within a variety ca n't be bad , and of all the koi [now] available , the prize for acceptable variation must go to the goshiki ( pronounced ‘ gosh-key ’ ) .

What for me was most crucial in this process was a clear analysis of the health and national economic and political situation ; a strategy for addressing it which identifies both the major challenges and the spaces in which you can currently work for change ; commitment to mobilize as many as possible behind this strategy ; and whilst focusing on the local situation , not to neglect the national and international situation .
what for me was most crucial in this process was a clear analysis of the health and national economic and political situation ; a strategy for addressing it which identifies both the major challenges and the spaces in which you can [now] work for change ; commitment to mobilize as many as possible behind this strategy ; and whilst focusing on the local situation , not to neglect the national and international situation .

If it were , as is being currently assumed , an omission to raise points on which the House would have heard counsel , the most obvious forum in which to resuscitate the appeal would be the House of Lords itself .
if it were , as is being [now] assumed , an omission to raise points on which the house would have heard counsel , the most obvious forum in which to resuscitate the appeal would be the house of lords itself .

First , there is currently an unhealthy fear of being seen with anything that might be perceived as ‘ right on ’ ( the Eighties may be over , but many of its less attractive characteristics are still very much with us ) .
first , there is [now] an unhealthy fear of being seen with anything that might be perceived as ‘ right on ’ ( the eighties may be over , but many of its less attractive characteristics are still very much with us ) .

Sogo , one of Japan 's biggest department stores , is currently expanding energetically into Europe , with its first opening in London in early July .
sogo , one of japan 's biggest department stores , is [now] expanding energetically into europe , with its first opening in london in early july .

It supplies the background for appreciating the many exciting advances currently unfolding .
it supplies the background for appreciating the many exciting advances [now] unfolding .

This trailblazing series is currently on show at the National Portrait Gallery in its entirety for the first time since 1935 , together with more conventional colour portraits of John Gielgud , Vivien Leigh , the Mountbattens and Lisa Maugham , and black-and-white work from the later years .
this trailblazing series is [now] on show at the national portrait gallery in its entirety for the first time since 1935 , together with more conventional colour portraits of john gielgud , vivien leigh , the mountbattens and lisa maugham , and black-and-white work from the later years .

Norbert Wu is a marine naturalist , author and photographer currently working out of San Diego . In 1986 deep-sea researcher Jacques Cousteau selected him as the still photographer for the research ship Calypso
norbert wu is a marine naturalist , author and photographer [now] working out of san diego . in 1986 deep-sea researcher jacques cousteau selected him as the still photographer for the research ship calypso

Currently he 's absorbed in a piece of work on a theme he calls Love Story , which will also be a sequential piece , though in different form to The Cricketer .
[now] he 's absorbed in a piece of work on a theme he calls love story , which will also be a sequential piece , though in different form to the cricketer .

With so much media space currently devoted to the heinous depredations the naked ape has inflicted on his habitat , it seems an inappropriate moment to celebrate the career of an artist whose entire work reflects his abiding faith in mankind ; an artist who gloried in presenting humanity dressed up in the paraphernalia of a glamorous performer , or as an honest victim of other men 's rapacity , so as to elicit for him the onlooker 's sympathy .
with so much media space [now] devoted to the heinous depredations the naked ape has inflicted on his habitat , it seems an inappropriate moment to celebrate the career of an artist whose entire work reflects his abiding faith in mankind ; an artist who gloried in presenting humanity dressed up in the paraphernalia of a glamorous performer , or as an honest victim of other men 's rapacity , so as to elicit for him the onlooker 's sympathy .

He 's currently trying to get into Elle over here , and also hoped to get into the postcard and poster market .
he 's [now] trying to get into elle over here , and also hoped to get into the postcard and poster market .

It was felt that this would enable more rail services to be withdrawn in rural areas without ‘ undue hardship ’ ( an ill-defined term ) being caused to the communities currently served by rail .
it was felt that this would enable more rail services to be withdrawn in rural areas without ‘ undue hardship ’ ( an ill-defined term ) being caused to the communities [now] served by rail .

The erstwhile priest was currently charged with indecent assault and buggery and he had previous convictions for serious sexual offences .
the erstwhile priest was [now] charged with indecent assault and buggery and he had previous convictions for serious sexual offences .

Many of the production facilities currently possessed by international enterprises are integrated within a Europe-wide plan of production .
many of the production facilities [now] possessed by international enterprises are integrated within a europe-wide plan of production .

, p. 167 ) puts it , ‘ building on the technological achievements of capitalism does not necessitate a defence of enterprises on the scale currently common in capitalist countries ’ .
, p. 167 ) puts it , ‘ building on the technological achievements of capitalism does not necessitate a defence of enterprises on the scale [now] common in capitalist countries ’ .

Clarke goes on to argue that Industrial Democracy as currently envisaged would actually tend to suppress industrial militancy and weaken entrenched working class resistance to capitalist control , thereby reducing the chances of ‘ genuine ’ workers ' control over production at some future date .
clarke goes on to argue that industrial democracy as [now] envisaged would actually tend to suppress industrial militancy and weaken entrenched working class resistance to capitalist control , thereby reducing the chances of ‘ genuine ’ workers ' control over production at some future date .

In the context of such revisions , the relevance of Bridget Riley 's work for a younger generation of artists is far less clearly documented than the impact and integrity of a singular vision , culminating in the bodies of work currently on show at the Hayward Gallery .
in the context of such revisions , the relevance of bridget riley 's work for a younger generation of artists is far less clearly documented than the impact and integrity of a singular vision , culminating in the bodies of work [now] on show at the hayward gallery .

Kudielka 's essays abound with notions of sacrifice , and this is a pivotal ingredient to the works currently in the Hayward exhibition .
kudielka 's essays abound with notions of sacrifice , and this is a pivotal ingredient to the works [now] in the hayward exhibition .

Currently able to call upon cash and borrowings of £16bn , he is the most feared man in business on both sides of the Atlantic , sending shivers down the spine of even the biggest company .
[now] able to call upon cash and borrowings of £16bn , he is the most feared man in business on both sides of the atlantic , sending shivers down the spine of even the biggest company .

‘ Currently the most important influence we 're seeing is from athletic sportswear .
‘ [now] the most important influence we 're seeing is from athletic sportswear .

Perhaps , as we have seen , members of the public are currently not greatly influenced by such messages ; but there is still something morally wrong about making incorrect moral statements ( cf .
perhaps , as we have seen , members of the public are [now] not greatly influenced by such messages ; but there is still something morally wrong about making incorrect moral statements ( cf .

Not all triable either way cases that are currently committed to the Crown Court for trial would be suitable for trial by magistrates .
not all triable either way cases that are [now] committed to the crown court for trial would be suitable for trial by magistrates .

We are aware that you are currently residing in the United States and must inform you that it will be necessary for you to come to London and report to our offices with appropriate means of identification .
we are aware that you are [now] residing in the united states and must inform you that it will be necessary for you to come to london and report to our offices with appropriate means of identification .

She wishes to initiate a spread by going long in kryptonite futures ( currently priced at £50 000 each for one ton for delivery in 12 months ) and short in phlogiston futures ( currently priced at £10 000 each for 1000 lbs for delivery in 12 months ) .
she wishes to initiate a spread by going long in kryptonite futures ( [now] priced at £50 000 each for one ton for delivery in 12 months ) and short in phlogiston futures ( [now] priced at £10 000 each for 1000 lbs for delivery in 12 months ) .

While these merchandising agreements would appear to be universally welcomed by the publishers that have been approached at Dillons , another scheme which is currently under discussion may be greeted with more caution .
while these merchandising agreements would appear to be universally welcomed by the publishers that have been approached at dillons , another scheme which is [now] under discussion may be greeted with more caution .

Stephen Troth , currently publishing and marketing director of Longman Group Far East , has been appointed managing director .
stephen troth , [now] publishing and marketing director of longman group far east , has been appointed managing director .

Dorling Kindersley has recruited John Sargent ( right ) , currently president and publisher of Simon & Schuster Children 's Book Division , to become c.e.o .
dorling kindersley has recruited john sargent ( right ) , [now] president and publisher of simon & schuster children 's book division , to become c.e.o .

Julian Thomas , currently at Pitman , has been appointed publisher of the business studies list in the educational division of Hodder & Stoughton .
julian thomas , [now] at pitman , has been appointed publisher of the business studies list in the educational division of hodder & stoughton .

Binchy has fewer journalistic commitments now , but she continues to be a columnist for the Irish Times : she currently has a column of her own invention called ‘ Unasked-for Advice ’ .
binchy has fewer journalistic commitments now , but she continues to be a columnist for the irish times : she [now] has a column of her own invention called ‘ unasked-for advice ’ .

Kate Parking , currently Publishing Director of Century , is appointed to the new position of Publisher for Century and Arrow .
kate parking , [now] publishing director of century , is appointed to the new position of publisher for century and arrow .

The system is currently a complex combination of these two approaches to control , which will not be examined in detail here .
the system is [now] a complex combination of these two approaches to control , which will not be examined in detail here .

There are currently nearly 67,000 children in the care of the local authorities in England and Wales .
there are [now] nearly 67,000 children in the care of the local authorities in england and wales .

Approximately 12,000 children are currently being cared for by voluntary organizations .
approximately 12,000 children are [now] being cared for by voluntary organizations .

Many children are unable to tell of their abuse , and some who do are not believed — it may be that abuse is more widespread than currently thought , whilst those families already under supervision by the social services for other difficulties are not more likely to abuse , but are simply more likely to be found .
many children are unable to tell of their abuse , and some who do are not believed — it may be that abuse is more widespread than [now] thought , whilst those families already under supervision by the social services for other difficulties are not more likely to abuse , but are simply more likely to be found .

Currently the rates are £34.90 for the higher allowance and £23.30 for the lower .
[now] the rates are £34.90 for the higher allowance and £23.30 for the lower .

It is currently the accepted policy in the mental health field to provide more services in the community for the mentally ill and mentally handicapped .
it is [now] the accepted policy in the mental health field to provide more services in the community for the mentally ill and mentally handicapped .

Collection of statistics , such as the housing returns , has always been part of the central department 's work , but the more specific information currently requested that can form part of long-term planning is a relatively recent development .
collection of statistics , such as the housing returns , has always been part of the central department 's work , but the more specific information [now] requested that can form part of long-term planning is a relatively recent development .

Much of this small-scale inquiry is the result of the curiosity and the anxiety of the people currently working in the social services , whether statutory or voluntary .
much of this small-scale inquiry is the result of the curiosity and the anxiety of the people [now] working in the social services , whether statutory or voluntary .

All young hypertensives , currently treated or untreated with antihypertensive drugs , were included in the analysis and are included in the results on an intention to treat basis .
all young hypertensives , [now] treated or untreated with antihypertensive drugs , were included in the analysis and are included in the results on an intention to treat basis .

Bray suggests that the addition of methionine to all paracetamol products ‘ might prevent every death that currently occurs .
bray suggests that the addition of methionine to all paracetamol products ‘ might prevent every death that [now] occurs .

Our analysis showed serious deficiencies in the case for screening for abdominal aortic aneurysm as it currently stands .
our analysis showed serious deficiencies in the case for screening for abdominal aortic aneurysm as it [now] stands .

‘ He 's currently appearing in hamburger medium-rare , salad , no fries and a glass of house red .
‘ he 's [now] appearing in hamburger medium-rare , salad , no fries and a glass of house red .

The only data currently available are on payments to employees whose employers were insolvent .
the only data [now] available are on payments to employees whose employers were insolvent .

What are the links between female poverty in old age and access to occupational pension scheme benefits ? Why was this early-1960s generation of older women , the youngest survivors of whom are , in the early 1990s , among the oldest within the current ‘ very elderly ’ female population , so under-represented among those with an employer 's pension ? How effective has occupational pension provision been in removing the present generation of ‘ young elderly ’ women , currently aged 60–75 , from poverty ? What are the prospects for the present generation of working-age women ( 16–60 ) with regard to occupational pension entitlements when they themselves reach pensionable age ?
what are the links between female poverty in old age and access to occupational pension scheme benefits ? why was this early-1960s generation of older women , the youngest survivors of whom are , in the early 1990s , among the oldest within the current ‘ very elderly ’ female population , so under-represented among those with an employer 's pension ? how effective has occupational pension provision been in removing the present generation of ‘ young elderly ’ women , [now] aged 60–75 , from poverty ? what are the prospects for the present generation of working-age women ( 16–60 ) with regard to occupational pension entitlements when they themselves reach pensionable age ?

Pension providers are currently being challenged in this way by the existence of new family forms .
pension providers are [now] being challenged in this way by the existence of new family forms .

On successive days , Tom Rosenthal at Deutsch signed up a father son , commissioning farceur Brian Rix ( Lord Rix ) to write a history of his trade , currently entitled Life in the Farce Lane , and buying Jonathan Rix ‘ s first novel Some Hope , to be published in the autumn .
on successive days , tom rosenthal at deutsch signed up a father son , commissioning farceur brian rix ( lord rix ) to write a history of his trade , [now] entitled life in the farce lane , and buying jonathan rix ‘ s first novel some hope , to be published in the autumn .

We are currently investigating different ways .
we are [now] investigating different ways .

Fifteen-year-old Adrian Clarke 's painting ‘ The Red Cricketer ’ — featuring the head of a cricketer with a ball whistling past his ear — is currently being displayed on the London Underground as part of the ‘ Art on the Underground ’ series .
fifteen-year-old adrian clarke 's painting ‘ the red cricketer ’ — featuring the head of a cricketer with a ball whistling past his ear — is [now] being displayed on the london underground as part of the ‘ art on the underground ’ series .

North Yorkshire , Lancashire , and Leeds are currently appealing against similar orders made .
north yorkshire , lancashire , and leeds are [now] appealing against similar orders made .

Currently available chemotherapy is often highly toxic and , sadly for patients with many common tumours , simply ineffective .
[now] available chemotherapy is often highly toxic and , sadly for patients with many common tumours , simply ineffective .

It offers excellent opportunities for preventing disease , but currently the subject lacks an intellectual and practical focus .
it offers excellent opportunities for preventing disease , but [now] the subject lacks an intellectual and practical focus .

The possibility that other bacteria , including those commonly associated with periodontal disease , may cause coronary heart disease is currently only theoretical .
the possibility that other bacteria , including those commonly associated with periodontal disease , may cause coronary heart disease is [now] only theoretical .

Risk attributable to drugs is currently poorly estimated .
risk attributable to drugs is [now] poorly estimated .

We used the Hungarian congenital abnormality register and other collected data to estimate the proportion of congenital abnormalities that are , or can be , prevented by all these approaches when used to the best level of practice currently found in Hungary .
we used the hungarian congenital abnormality register and other collected data to estimate the proportion of congenital abnormalities that are , or can be , prevented by all these approaches when used to the best level of practice [now] found in hungary .

The possibility of endometritis should be considered in all young women with intermenstrual bleeding and , in particular , Chlamydia trachomatis infection , which is a well recognised cause of endometritis and is currently the commonest sexually transmitted bacterial infection in the United Kingdom .
the possibility of endometritis should be considered in all young women with intermenstrual bleeding and , in particular , chlamydia trachomatis infection , which is a well recognised cause of endometritis and is [now] the commonest sexually transmitted bacterial infection in the united kingdom .

Currently the need for a revision is the most commonly used definition of a failed operation .
[now] the need for a revision is the most commonly used definition of a failed operation .

These would take into account pain and disability at levels that do not currently warrant revision .
these would take into account pain and disability at levels that do not [now] warrant revision .

Of the remaining 40 women who did not currently smoke and who had never smoked at least 10 cigarettes a day , only 12 ( 30 % ) had oncogenic papillomavirus .
of the remaining 40 women who did not [now] smoke and who had never smoked at least 10 cigarettes a day , only 12 ( 30 % ) had oncogenic papillomavirus .

Almost one in 10 of the population of Britain is currently covered by private insurance .
almost one in 10 of the population of britain is [now] covered by private insurance .

At the start of the study 70 patients in the control group and 74 in the prompted group were not currently attending a hospital eye clinic .
at the start of the study 70 patients in the control group and 74 in the prompted group were not [now] attending a hospital eye clinic .

’ This is impossible to answer , but he does suggest that it is likely to be more than the planners currently recommend .
’ this is impossible to answer , but he does suggest that it is likely to be more than the planners [now] recommend .

The goal of one consultant general surgeon for 30000 population is modest when compared with international comparisons or even with Scotland , where there is currently one consultant for 31000 population , and Northern Ireland , where there is one for 28000 .
the goal of one consultant general surgeon for 30000 population is modest when compared with international comparisons or even with scotland , where there is [now] one consultant for 31000 population , and northern ireland , where there is one for 28000 .

Each team also includes a person who is currently , or has recently been , a carer to make sure that the carer 's perspective on needs and priorities remains constantly in focus .
each team also includes a person who is [now] , or has recently been , a carer to make sure that the carer 's perspective on needs and priorities remains constantly in focus .

In a general practice in north Edinburgh , between 1987 and 1989 , 265 injecting drug users were asked if they had any children and , if so , when they had been born and where they were currently living .
in a general practice in north edinburgh , between 1987 and 1989 , 265 injecting drug users were asked if they had any children and , if so , when they had been born and where they were [now] living .

Specific treatment , currently antibiotics and surgical debridement , guided by investigations to localise and identify the infective organism is equally important .
specific treatment , [now] antibiotics and surgical debridement , guided by investigations to localise and identify the infective organism is equally important .

Currently the costs are borne by Kirk Care .
[now] the costs are borne by kirk care .

Attempts to solve some of the many problems which arise are not made easier by the many changes currently being made in Social Security , the introduction of the Community Charge and the new housing legislation .
attempts to solve some of the many problems which arise are not made easier by the many changes [now] being made in social security , the introduction of the community charge and the new housing legislation .

It is anticipated that a research and evaluation study will be carried out under the direction of Professor Rex Taylor , Glasgow University Walker House and the other pilot projects are currently being evaluated by Dennis McCullough , Jordanhill College , Glasgow .
it is anticipated that a research and evaluation study will be carried out under the direction of professor rex taylor , glasgow university walker house and the other pilot projects are [now] being evaluated by dennis mccullough , jordanhill college , glasgow .

Although it is clearly the case that the Nizan that is currently available in the cultural supermarket is predominantly Sartrean , the precise contours of Nizan 's existence have become blurred .
although it is clearly the case that the nizan that is [now] available in the cultural supermarket is predominantly sartrean , the precise contours of nizan 's existence have become blurred .

An example is the trial currently underway to see whether breast cancer screening by mammography is better yearly than every three years .
an example is the trial [now] underway to see whether breast cancer screening by mammography is better yearly than every three years .

’ They too mentioned things like delays in supplying commodes that currently kept patients waiting .
’ they too mentioned things like delays in supplying commodes that [now] kept patients waiting .

To warn decision makers of some of the pitfalls currently found in cost effectiveness league tables and to suggest how meaningful comparisons may be made between health care technologies a published league table was scrutinised by examining its sources .
to warn decision makers of some of the pitfalls [now] found in cost effectiveness league tables and to suggest how meaningful comparisons may be made between health care technologies a published league table was scrutinised by examining its sources .

Currently league tables present only point estimates ; this conveys a false sense of precision and encourages unwarranted conclusions .
[now] league tables present only point estimates ; this conveys a false sense of precision and encourages unwarranted conclusions .

But , on the basis of currently available evidence , uncertainty remains .
but , on the basis of [now] available evidence , uncertainty remains .

Studies are currently under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to ensure its safe application in this area .
studies are [now] under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to ensure its safe application in this area .

The lord chancellor claims that the revised assistance by way of representation scheme due to come into effect on 1 April will cover the costs of professional representation at a tribunal for almost all those currently covered by the scheme .
the lord chancellor claims that the revised assistance by way of representation scheme due to come into effect on 1 april will cover the costs of professional representation at a tribunal for almost all those [now] covered by the scheme .

Potential patients should know that we have much to offer them in alleviating symptoms and improving their lifestyle , even if currently the options are limited and imperfect .
potential patients should know that we have much to offer them in alleviating symptoms and improving their lifestyle , even if [now] the options are limited and imperfect .

Variations in need in the elderly are a particular problem for which there is currently no satisfactory indicator .
variations in need in the elderly are a particular problem for which there is [now] no satisfactory indicator .

Any savings accrued by this system could be used to reduce the severity of the means testing , thus reducing the way small savers are currently penalised .
any savings accrued by this system could be used to reduce the severity of the means testing , thus reducing the way small savers are [now] penalised .

But it is currently unclear how comprehensive these new procedures will be .
but it is [now] unclear how comprehensive these new procedures will be .

Other techniques , such as echo-sounding and soil scanning radar , are currently being developed , and are likely to be used more and more in the future for accurate location and surveying of sites .
other techniques , such as echo-sounding and soil scanning radar , are [now] being developed , and are likely to be used more and more in the future for accurate location and surveying of sites .

Bowler also made his way in Soho among Minton 's educated friends on the wave of interest in the working class that was currently infiltrating culture .
bowler also made his way in soho among minton 's educated friends on the wave of interest in the working class that was [now] infiltrating culture .

North Shields has a long history of democratic local government and is currently under the political control of the most left-wing Labour authority in the North East .
north shields has a long history of democratic local government and is [now] under the political control of the most left-wing labour authority in the north east .

Welfare benefits currently form a higher proportion of many individuals ' income that was formerly the case , because of the rise in unemployment to levels unheard of since the 1930s , and because of the increase in the number of old people who are dependent upon state pensions .
welfare benefits [now] form a higher proportion of many individuals ' income that was formerly the case , because of the rise in unemployment to levels unheard of since the 1930s , and because of the increase in the number of old people who are dependent upon state pensions .

Currently , the total number of children who experience divorce is about 160,000 per year in England and Wales .
[now] , the total number of children who experience divorce is about 160,000 per year in england and wales .

On the other hand , the problems of direct access without assistance or representation are currently the subject of consideration within the Lord Chancellor 's Department .
on the other hand , the problems of direct access without assistance or representation are [now] the subject of consideration within the lord chancellor 's department .

Such issues should , as currently occurs in most tax cases , always be litigated at the public expense .
such issues should , as [now] occurs in most tax cases , always be litigated at the public expense .

The 1980s saw an explosion in corporate , commercial and financial services work on such a scale that there is currently a shortage of lawyers , despite the admission of record numbers of new entrants to the profession in recent years ( The Law Society 1990 ) .
the 1980s saw an explosion in corporate , commercial and financial services work on such a scale that there is [now] a shortage of lawyers , despite the admission of record numbers of new entrants to the profession in recent years ( the law society 1990 ) .

The barrister is currently alone entitled to act as advocate in the higher courts .
the barrister is [now] alone entitled to act as advocate in the higher courts .

There is some merit in the Royal Commission 's reasoning , but it does not seem to warrant so total a separation of the two branches of the profession as exists currently .
there is some merit in the royal commission 's reasoning , but it does not seem to warrant so total a separation of the two branches of the profession as exists [now] .

’ He had come to realize that the technique of politics as currently practised was ineffectual and in the long view immeasurably harmful in twentieth-century conditions .
’ he had come to realize that the technique of politics as [now] practised was ineffectual and in the long view immeasurably harmful in twentieth-century conditions .

As its title indicates , this book is intended to provide an introduction to the main topics currently discussed under the rather unclear heading of ‘ epistemology ’ or theory of knowledge .
as its title indicates , this book is intended to provide an introduction to the main topics [now] discussed under the rather unclear heading of ‘ epistemology ’ or theory of knowledge .

Since it is admitted , or rather insisted , that as far as you are concerned there could be no difference between the hypothesis that you are currently sitting reading and the hypothesis that you are a brain in a vat being fed the experiences of one sitting reading , then it can not matter to you which is really true and which is false .
since it is admitted , or rather insisted , that as far as you are concerned there could be no difference between the hypothesis that you are [now] sitting reading and the hypothesis that you are a brain in a vat being fed the experiences of one sitting reading , then it can not matter to you which is really true and which is false .

Despite this , Nozick 's account can be used to show that you do know that you are currently sitting reading a philosophy book ( please sit down first ) .
despite this , nozick 's account can be used to show that you do know that you are [now] sitting reading a philosophy book ( please sit down first ) .

The conference was to discuss the programmes currently under production as part of the documentary series .
the conference was to discuss the programmes [now] under production as part of the documentary series .

Mr Pearson is currently at Orion where , by a happy irony , he is the editor of Vikram Seth , who was formerly a Faber author .
mr pearson is [now] at orion where , by a happy irony , he is the editor of vikram seth , who was formerly a faber author .

Ian Crofton , currently editorial director of Guinness Reference , joins the Pan Macmillan board as an associate director on 29th March in the new position of publishing director for reference books .
ian crofton , [now] editorial director of guinness reference , joins the pan macmillan board as an associate director on 29th march in the new position of publishing director for reference books .

John Stachiewicz , currently at Transworld , joins HarperCollins in March as group sales director , international , responsible for selling group product ( other than college and educational ) in all export territories , including overseas offices .
john stachiewicz , [now] at transworld , joins harpercollins in march as group sales director , international , responsible for selling group product ( other than college and educational ) in all export territories , including overseas offices .

Bailey is currently published by Cape and Pan .
bailey is [now] published by cape and pan .

Norwich was then experiencing difficulty in securing a satisfactory reference for Mr. Tee from the Royal Life Insurance Ltd. , for whom Mr. Tee had managed a branch in the city of Winchester and which was currently the subject of an internal audit .
norwich was then experiencing difficulty in securing a satisfactory reference for mr. tee from the royal life insurance ltd. , for whom mr. tee had managed a branch in the city of winchester and which was [now] the subject of an internal audit .

Her evidence is that there is currently no government of Somalia .
her evidence is that there is [now] no government of somalia .

It is not clear that she currently has any diplomatic status , though there is some evidence that the United Nations may still for some purposes recognise her ambassadorship .
it is not clear that she [now] has any diplomatic status , though there is some evidence that the united nations may still for some purposes recognise her ambassadorship .

The interim government clearly does not satisfy these criteria ; the Republic of Somalia currently has no government .
the interim government clearly does not satisfy these criteria ; the republic of somalia [now] has no government .

The company is currently afforded an overdraft facility of £107,000 and we are in the process of agreeing to increase this facility in the near future to £135,000 .
the company is [now] afforded an overdraft facility of £107,000 and we are in the process of agreeing to increase this facility in the near future to £135,000 .

The parties made submissions based on the legislative antecedents of the Act currently in force .
the parties made submissions based on the legislative antecedents of the act [now] in force .

’ The question was whether on any construction of section 9 ( 4 ) the court would have power to order an officer or servant of the Crown currently working in the Ministry of Defence to produce or give evidence of the contents of these documents .
’ the question was whether on any construction of section 9 ( 4 ) the court would have power to order an officer or servant of the crown [now] working in the ministry of defence to produce or give evidence of the contents of these documents .

On the hearing of the petition , the court may : ( i ) make a bankruptcy order ; or ( ii ) make a bankruptcy order and issue a certificate for the summary administration of the bankrupt 's estate ( where the total debts do not exceed the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently £20,000 , and the bankrupt has not been adjudicated bankrupt before in the last five years nor has he entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement ) ( s 275 ) ; ( iii ) make a bankruptcy order and appoint the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement as trustee provided that notice of the supervisor 's intention to seek appointment as a trustee was given in the petition and to the creditors ; ( iv ) appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report under s 273 .
on the hearing of the petition , the court may : ( i ) make a bankruptcy order ; or ( ii ) make a bankruptcy order and issue a certificate for the summary administration of the bankrupt 's estate ( where the total debts do not exceed the `` small bankruptcies level `` , [now] £20,000 , and the bankrupt has not been adjudicated bankrupt before in the last five years nor has he entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement ) ( s 275 ) ; ( iii ) make a bankruptcy order and appoint the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement as trustee provided that notice of the supervisor 's intention to seek appointment as a trustee was given in the petition and to the creditors ; ( iv ) appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report under s 273 .

On the hearing of a debtor 's petition , the court must not make a bankruptcy order where the total of the debtor 's debts would be less than the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently £20,000 , the minimum value of the debtor 's assets would be equal to or more than the `` minimum amount `` , currently £2,000 , the debtor has not been adjudicated bankrupt nor entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement within the last five years and it would be appropriate to appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report ( s 273 ) .
on the hearing of a debtor 's petition , the court must not make a bankruptcy order where the total of the debtor 's debts would be less than the `` small bankruptcies level `` , [now] £20,000 , the minimum value of the debtor 's assets would be equal to or more than the `` minimum amount `` , [now] £2,000 , the debtor has not been adjudicated bankrupt nor entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement within the last five years and it would be appropriate to appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report ( s 273 ) .

The sheriff or bailiff must not account to the execution creditor for fourteen days after sale if the judgment exceeds the prescribed sum ( currently £500 ) because under s 346 ( 3 ) the sheriff or bailiff is obliged to hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee if a bankruptcy petition is presented within fourteen days of the sale of the goods and a bankruptcy order is subsequently made on that petition .
the sheriff or bailiff must not account to the execution creditor for fourteen days after sale if the judgment exceeds the prescribed sum ( [now] £500 ) because under s 346 ( 3 ) the sheriff or bailiff is obliged to hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee if a bankruptcy petition is presented within fourteen days of the sale of the goods and a bankruptcy order is subsequently made on that petition .

Current team members include some of the Maiden crew , along with Fiona Brown from Blue Water Sparcraft , who is currently treading the sponsor trail .
current team members include some of the maiden crew , along with fiona brown from blue water sparcraft , who is [now] treading the sponsor trail .

The sails are currently standing up very well with no evidence of delamination , despite being used by as many as 30 different boats in up to 27 knots apparent wind ( purely for research purposes you will understand — not recommended for normal Sigma racing ) .
the sails are [now] standing up very well with no evidence of delamination , despite being used by as many as 30 different boats in up to 27 knots apparent wind ( purely for research purposes you will understand — not recommended for normal sigma racing ) .

The Jeanneau family seems to have more than a little to do with the founding of a number of yacht building companies in France other than that which currently bears its name .
the jeanneau family seems to have more than a little to do with the founding of a number of yacht building companies in france other than that which [now] bears its name .

However , these cells are currently only half as efficient as crystalline cells for their output reduces by as much as 15 per cent the longer they are exposed to light .
however , these cells are [now] only half as efficient as crystalline cells for their output reduces by as much as 15 per cent the longer they are exposed to light .

Currently , yachts must be led by pilot boat to their club , but this will soon change .
[now] , yachts must be led by pilot boat to their club , but this will soon change .

Currently , 250 Finnmarks ( £36.23 ) cover the pilotage and canal fees and this can be paid at the canal office or in Vyborg .
[now] , 250 finnmarks ( £36.23 ) cover the pilotage and canal fees and this can be paid at the canal office or in vyborg .

It stated that British university teams , currently working there are ‘ a far cry , mercifully , form the days when English ( and Scottish ) milords sent Greece 's antiquities home by the shipload ’ .
it stated that british university teams , [now] working there are ‘ a far cry , mercifully , form the days when english ( and scottish ) milords sent greece 's antiquities home by the shipload ’ .

Winners receive an anniversary set from Pyrex , currently celebrating their seventy-fifth birthday
winners receive an anniversary set from pyrex , [now] celebrating their seventy-fifth birthday

Researchers are currently developing a blood test which can be offered to all pregnant women , regardless of the age or medical history .
researchers are [now] developing a blood test which can be offered to all pregnant women , regardless of the age or medical history .

On one level the analogy is with the commercial world of fashion and beauty — Ronke currently works with a prestigious fashion house and is continually amazed by the vast amounts of money and energy invested in creating the facade of beauty ; ‘ the handbags are about the brevity and the illusion of this — one minute you ‘ re in the spotlight the next you ‘ re in the dark , finished and forgotten .
on one level the analogy is with the commercial world of fashion and beauty — ronke [now] works with a prestigious fashion house and is continually amazed by the vast amounts of money and energy invested in creating the facade of beauty ; ‘ the handbags are about the brevity and the illusion of this — one minute you ‘ re in the spotlight the next you ‘ re in the dark , finished and forgotten .

With the fees for shooting hill stags currently averaging £200 to £250 , the total income from commercial lets is £1.5–£2 million .
with the fees for shooting hill stags [now] averaging £200 to £250 , the total income from commercial lets is £1.5–£2 million .

Take advice from experienced traveller Simon Hooton — who 's tested for us a wide range of outdoor clothing currently available — and build up ( or take off ) the layers to cope with everything that 's thrown at you .
take advice from experienced traveller simon hooton — who 's tested for us a wide range of outdoor clothing [now] available — and build up ( or take off ) the layers to cope with everything that 's thrown at you .

Currently , 130 accounts billing £297m are out for tender .
[now] , 130 accounts billing £297m are out for tender .

This argument overlooks a feature of addictive disease that is often overlooked by those who currently advocate substitution with medically prescribed drugs : the addict will commonly take the prescribed drug and an additional illegal drug or may sell the prescribed drug in order to obtain a preferred illegal drug .
this argument overlooks a feature of addictive disease that is often overlooked by those who [now] advocate substitution with medically prescribed drugs : the addict will commonly take the prescribed drug and an additional illegal drug or may sell the prescribed drug in order to obtain a preferred illegal drug .

This policy is currently in question because of the high incidence of cross addiction to these substances but there is still a long way to go before Treatment Centres generally recommend abstinence from all these substances from the first day of recovery .
this policy is [now] in question because of the high incidence of cross addiction to these substances but there is still a long way to go before treatment centres generally recommend abstinence from all these substances from the first day of recovery .

Winners receive an anniversary set from Pyrex , currently celebrating their seventy-fifth birthday
winners receive an anniversary set from pyrex , [now] celebrating their seventy-fifth birthday

The chapter has come to rest with a description of the currently established , liberal-democratic , constitutional theory — a theory which argues that the constitution provides for a system of Cabinet or prime ministerial government within a larger parliamentary democracy in which Parliament is legally sovereign and the people are politically sovereign .
the chapter has come to rest with a description of the [now] established , liberal-democratic , constitutional theory — a theory which argues that the constitution provides for a system of cabinet or prime ministerial government within a larger parliamentary democracy in which parliament is legally sovereign and the people are politically sovereign .

Now , we should not quibble about Schmitter 's definition of pluralism ( which is somewhat different and rather more wordy than is our own perspective on this theory ) since Schmitter is intent on making the point that the system of interest politics as it currently exists is at odds with the pluralist viewpoint in crucial ways that bear on the nature of interest groups and the access of particular interests to the state .
now , we should not quibble about schmitter 's definition of pluralism ( which is somewhat different and rather more wordy than is our own perspective on this theory ) since schmitter is intent on making the point that the system of interest politics as it [now] exists is at odds with the pluralist viewpoint in crucial ways that bear on the nature of interest groups and the access of particular interests to the state .

If the Liberal-SDP Alliance were ever in a position to implement electoral reform , a reformed and strengthened second chamber , and legal limits on the sovereignty of Parliament , then we could find ourselves with a constitution which entrenched the middle ground and which offered a democracy of dazzling choice but no decision , and a less-accountable government than that which we currently enjoy within the established constitution .
if the liberal-sdp alliance were ever in a position to implement electoral reform , a reformed and strengthened second chamber , and legal limits on the sovereignty of parliament , then we could find ourselves with a constitution which entrenched the middle ground and which offered a democracy of dazzling choice but no decision , and a less-accountable government than that which we [now] enjoy within the established constitution .

Meanwhile , spokesmen for The Stone Roses , including their management , denied that the band had even left Silvertone , and said that they are currently talking to a number of record companies .
meanwhile , spokesmen for the stone roses , including their management , denied that the band had even left silvertone , and said that they are [now] talking to a number of record companies .

Currently thrilling packed houses with his mellow vocal style and uncompromising ‘ no sell-out ’ cardigans , the singer wishes to point out that though he will be opening for the Happy Mondays at certain venues , he by no means endorses their outrageous and unorthodox lifestyle .
[now] thrilling packed houses with his mellow vocal style and uncompromising ‘ no sell-out ’ cardigans , the singer wishes to point out that though he will be opening for the happy mondays at certain venues , he by no means endorses their outrageous and unorthodox lifestyle .

My Jealous God , currently on tour to promote their latest single ‘ Pray ’ , air their brand new session all this week on Mark Godier 's show .
my jealous god , [now] on tour to promote their latest single ‘ pray ’ , air their brand new session all this week on mark godier 's show .

Somewhat enigmatic , The World Of Twist are currently dotted around the south end of Manchester .
somewhat enigmatic , the world of twist are [now] dotted around the south end of manchester .

Peavey currently make between 150,000 and 160,000 amplifiers a year .
peavey [now] make between 150,000 and 160,000 amplifiers a year .

The Minister is saying that the Government will take from pensioners what is currently theirs by right .
the minister is saying that the government will take from pensioners what is [now] theirs by right .

We should not have to rely on the private sector to assist in providing facilities especially as , currently in many cases it does not provide such facilities .
we should not have to rely on the private sector to assist in providing facilities especially as , [now] in many cases it does not provide such facilities .

Currently , physically disabled people
[now] , physically disabled people

Currently , there is no source of redress to which the travelling public can go .
[now] , there is no source of redress to which the travelling public can go .

Instances in which they are ‘ irremediable ’ or ‘ inevitable ’ are a mere residue of the much larger number of cases currently treated as if they are .
instances in which they are ‘ irremediable ’ or ‘ inevitable ’ are a mere residue of the much larger number of cases [now] treated as if they are .

They argue that such an approach to knowledge ‘ is associated with a particular kind of masculinity that is currently hegemonic ’ .
they argue that such an approach to knowledge ‘ is associated with a particular kind of masculinity that is [now] hegemonic ’ .

There is no economic reason why they should be divested unless it can be shown that they would have synergistic benefits from being combined with SBUs of a different type from those possessed by the group that currently owns them .
there is no economic reason why they should be divested unless it can be shown that they would have synergistic benefits from being combined with sbus of a different type from those possessed by the group that [now] owns them .

In particular , in this type of assessment it is important not just to think in terms of incremental cash flows above those currently being received , but also to bear in mind what the problems will be if no investment is undertaken .
in particular , in this type of assessment it is important not just to think in terms of incremental cash flows above those [now] being received , but also to bear in mind what the problems will be if no investment is undertaken .

From the first he would often stay behind ‘ after hours ’ , telling his mates he ‘ just wanted to finish this run ’ because he knew the machines were capable of producing more material than they were currently achieving .
from the first he would often stay behind ‘ after hours ’ , telling his mates he ‘ just wanted to finish this run ’ because he knew the machines were capable of producing more material than they were [now] achieving .

was one of the greatest successes of 1953 , and in 1960 Steen 's purchase of the King 's Theatre off Shaftesbury Avenue heralded a string of commercial triumphs , including One Thing After Another , which ran for three years , and , currently , Sex of One and Half a Dozen of the Other .
was one of the greatest successes of 1953 , and in 1960 steen 's purchase of the king 's theatre off shaftesbury avenue heralded a string of commercial triumphs , including one thing after another , which ran for three years , and , [now] , sex of one and half a dozen of the other .

Finally , an interesting possibility that is currently being mooted is the introduction of courses leading to BEd .
finally , an interesting possibility that is [now] being mooted is the introduction of courses leading to bed .

There are currently three major classes of general purpose chips .
there are [now] three major classes of general purpose chips .

This is currently being undertaken in Britain , which has the fourth largest telephone system in the world .
this is [now] being undertaken in britain , which has the fourth largest telephone system in the world .

Currently codes of practice have been established in trades such as :
[now] codes of practice have been established in trades such as :

Oceanic plankton currently absorb substantial quantities of carbon dioxide but their destruction would lead to more carbon dioxide remaining in the atmosphere , so worsening the greenhouse effect .
oceanic plankton [now] absorb substantial quantities of carbon dioxide but their destruction would lead to more carbon dioxide remaining in the atmosphere , so worsening the greenhouse effect .

In the future , large amounts of methane currently trapped in the frozen tundras of the northern hemisphere may be released as soil temperatures rise in response to global warming ( Boyle and Ardill , 1989 ) .
in the future , large amounts of methane [now] trapped in the frozen tundras of the northern hemisphere may be released as soil temperatures rise in response to global warming ( boyle and ardill , 1989 ) .

Whilst it is theoretically true at the time of writing that local authorities , through the rates , currently have a source of finance independent of central government , finance which can be spent on any object within their statutory jurisdiction , this is not the whole story .
whilst it is theoretically true at the time of writing that local authorities , through the rates , [now] have a source of finance independent of central government , finance which can be spent on any object within their statutory jurisdiction , this is not the whole story .

It consists of two elements : ( i ) domestic rate relief , paid to enable authorities to relieve domestic ratepayers of a certain proportion of their rates ( currently 18.5p in the ) ; ( ii ) block grant , intended to supplement an authority 's own finances so that , irrespective of individual local needs and resources , it can provide a similar standard of service for a similar rate poundage to other authorities of the same class .
it consists of two elements : ( i ) domestic rate relief , paid to enable authorities to relieve domestic ratepayers of a certain proportion of their rates ( [now] 18.5p in the ) ; ( ii ) block grant , intended to supplement an authority 's own finances so that , irrespective of individual local needs and resources , it can provide a similar standard of service for a similar rate poundage to other authorities of the same class .

Council work is currently essentially unpaid and the heavy workload involved makes service less attractive for people with young families , who are also building careers .
council work is [now] essentially unpaid and the heavy workload involved makes service less attractive for people with young families , who are also building careers .

Allocations can be transferred between authorities and , to a limited extent ( currently 10 per cent ) , between years .
allocations can be transferred between authorities and , to a limited extent ( [now] 10 per cent ) , between years .

Though Antarctica must once have been the home of marsupials and possibly of placental mammals , it is currently the only world continent without a land mammal population .
though antarctica must once have been the home of marsupials and possibly of placental mammals , it is [now] the only world continent without a land mammal population .

Currently fed by a saline stream and limited snow-melt , its salinity , dominated by calcium chloride , is about 13 times that of sea water , and high enough to ensure that it seldom if ever freezes .
[now] fed by a saline stream and limited snow-melt , its salinity , dominated by calcium chloride , is about 13 times that of sea water , and high enough to ensure that it seldom if ever freezes .

Among 105 species of maritime and continental antarctic mosses ( Smith 1984 ) only a few are currently regarded as endemic , and the number declines as ‘ antarctic ’ species are discovered in South America and elsewhere .
among 105 species of maritime and continental antarctic mosses ( smith 1984 ) only a few are [now] regarded as endemic , and the number declines as ‘ antarctic ’ species are discovered in south america and elsewhere .

Boreal subpolar forests have yielded furs , and northern lands and continental shelves are currently being explored or exploited for minerals , including coal , metallic ores , oil and gas .
boreal subpolar forests have yielded furs , and northern lands and continental shelves are [now] being explored or exploited for minerals , including coal , metallic ores , oil and gas .

Southern polar products are entirely maritime ; the Southern Ocean , especially on its subpolar fringe , has yielded whale and seal products , and is currently being exploited for fish , squid and krill .
southern polar products are entirely maritime ; the southern ocean , especially on its subpolar fringe , has yielded whale and seal products , and is [now] being exploited for fish , squid and krill .

It does not proposals currently under discussion make it clear that advisory influence on individual careers will remain highly significant ( Leeds City Council 1991c ) .
it does not proposals [now] under discussion make it clear that advisory influence on individual careers will remain highly significant ( leeds city council 1991c ) .

They will produce a criminal law enforcement system for Britain which is very unlike that currently prevailing there , but very similar to that to which Northern Ireland has become accustomed .
they will produce a criminal law enforcement system for britain which is very unlike that [now] prevailing there , but very similar to that to which northern ireland has become accustomed .

First , undecidability and paradox are the basis of the ‘ new sciences ’ which have made possible the technological innovations we currently enjoy , and written narrative is uniquely suited to accommodating logically impossible situations and mixing heterogeneous ontological postulates .
first , undecidability and paradox are the basis of the ‘ new sciences ’ which have made possible the technological innovations we [now] enjoy , and written narrative is uniquely suited to accommodating logically impossible situations and mixing heterogeneous ontological postulates .

What has tended to happen historically , with earlier attempts to provide alternatives to custody , is that instead of moving offenders currently receiving a sentence of imprisonment down-tariff , in this case to some form of punishment in the community , down-tariff offenders — those who formerly were dealt with by a fine or conditional discharge — have been given the new sentence .
what has tended to happen historically , with earlier attempts to provide alternatives to custody , is that instead of moving offenders [now] receiving a sentence of imprisonment down-tariff , in this case to some form of punishment in the community , down-tariff offenders — those who formerly were dealt with by a fine or conditional discharge — have been given the new sentence .

Although he is currently with the Halifax , as an existing borrower he is not allowed to apply for the fixed rate currently on offer from this society .
although he is [now] with the halifax , as an existing borrower he is not allowed to apply for the fixed rate [now] on offer from this society .

But she currently has a steady good income with a reputable model agency and wants to buy a flat as a first time buyer .
but she [now] has a steady good income with a reputable model agency and wants to buy a flat as a first time buyer .

Independent advice from the top lenders is rare — currently only NatWest and Bradford & Bingley offer it .
independent advice from the top lenders is rare — [now] only natwest and bradford & bingley offer it .

Three houses remain to be sold at the development , with prices currently between £164,950 and £189,000 .
three houses remain to be sold at the development , with prices [now] between £164,950 and £189,000 .

Prices for a one-bedroom Penhurst style house currently starts from a shade under £50,000 , while the two-bedroom Ash house type is priced from £57,750 .
prices for a one-bedroom penhurst style house [now] starts from a shade under £50,000 , while the two-bedroom ash house type is priced from £57,750 .

The table below shows the lenders offering the 10 lowest standard mortgage rates currently available before any discounts are taken into account .
the table below shows the lenders offering the 10 lowest standard mortgage rates [now] available before any discounts are taken into account .

Planning departments in local councils up and down the country are being overwhelmed ; for example , West Sussex County Council currently receives an application to build a course each day .
planning departments in local councils up and down the country are being overwhelmed ; for example , west sussex county council [now] receives an application to build a course each day .

It is currently a relatively simple matter to become a member of the European Tour .
it is [now] a relatively simple matter to become a member of the european tour .

His handicap is currently four and he won the 1990 Peter Townsend Trophy at Porters Park Golf Club with rounds of 73 and 72 .
his handicap is [now] four and he won the 1990 peter townsend trophy at porters park golf club with rounds of 73 and 72 .

Vivien is currently the professional at Abbotsley Golf and Squash Club and , among other notables , has coached the last three women British Amateur Champions ; Joanne Furby in 1988 , Helen Dobson in 1989 and Julie Hall in 1990 .
vivien is [now] the professional at abbotsley golf and squash club and , among other notables , has coached the last three women british amateur champions ; joanne furby in 1988 , helen dobson in 1989 and julie hall in 1990 .

In particular , the technical panels set up to consider workplans for the administrative networks component of telematics are currently in suspension , but the Commission has urged that replies to the questionnaires should still be sent in since these will be worked on and evaluated in the meantime .
in particular , the technical panels set up to consider workplans for the administrative networks component of telematics are [now] in suspension , but the commission has urged that replies to the questionnaires should still be sent in since these will be worked on and evaluated in the meantime .

It is time to recognise the last three phases — currently we have concentrated primarily on the first phase .
it is time to recognise the last three phases — [now] we have concentrated primarily on the first phase .

Yes , advertisers do keep coming back , precisely because they are currently finding it extremely difficult to secure worthwhile business as more and more companies are cost saving and doing all their collections and even legal work in house .
yes , advertisers do keep coming back , precisely because they are [now] finding it extremely difficult to secure worthwhile business as more and more companies are cost saving and doing all their collections and even legal work in house .

It is hoped that the project will help supplement rural incomes and also utilise land currently derelict and unsuitable for paddy cultivation .
it is hoped that the project will help supplement rural incomes and also utilise land [now] derelict and unsuitable for paddy cultivation .

Company liquidations and personal sector mortgage defaults have both risen sharply over the last year and currently stand at record levels .
company liquidations and personal sector mortgage defaults have both risen sharply over the last year and [now] stand at record levels .

Whereas during the 1980–81 period the unemployment rate in the South East was on average three and a half percentage points lower than the national average , it currently stands close to one percentage point lower , while the unemployment rate in Greater London is equal to the national average of 8.7 per cent .
whereas during the 1980–81 period the unemployment rate in the south east was on average three and a half percentage points lower than the national average , it [now] stands close to one percentage point lower , while the unemployment rate in greater london is equal to the national average of 8.7 per cent .

The case for loans has been most strongly argued by a group at the London School of Economics whose main criticism of an entirely grant-based approach is that it favours better-off families , and as it is currently operated it leaves many students in poverty .
the case for loans has been most strongly argued by a group at the london school of economics whose main criticism of an entirely grant-based approach is that it favours better-off families , and as it is [now] operated it leaves many students in poverty .

The schemes currently being canvassed allow for variations in the amount of the voucher according to the subject studied .
the schemes [now] being canvassed allow for variations in the amount of the voucher according to the subject studied .

To devolve responsibility for the kind of social services we currently enjoy to a mass of informal , ill-organised groups and organisations would constitute so great a dismantling of the personal social services system as to leave its functions solely to hidden providers of informal care .
to devolve responsibility for the kind of social services we [now] enjoy to a mass of informal , ill-organised groups and organisations would constitute so great a dismantling of the personal social services system as to leave its functions solely to hidden providers of informal care .

Social services authorities will be expected to make clear in their community care plans what steps they will be taking to make increased use of non-statutory service providers or , where such providers are not currently available , how they propose to stimulate such activity .
social services authorities will be expected to make clear in their community care plans what steps they will be taking to make increased use of non-statutory service providers or , where such providers are not [now] available , how they propose to stimulate such activity .

Currently they tend to be small scale .
[now] they tend to be small scale .

Currently run on central heating oil at a rate of one gallon per hour .
[now] run on central heating oil at a rate of one gallon per hour .

Currently , no professional body exists to monitor cleaning standards , but Sheila Peach and John Scott , directors of Chores Nationwide Cleaning Ltd , are keen to set one up .
[now] , no professional body exists to monitor cleaning standards , but sheila peach and john scott , directors of chores nationwide cleaning ltd , are keen to set one up .

Both wines are currently from the 1988 vintage and will improve over the next few years .
both wines are [now] from the 1988 vintage and will improve over the next few years .

There are currently two options available on the market , one of which is a truly functional brace and the other merely a support .
there are [now] two options available on the market , one of which is a truly functional brace and the other merely a support .

The role of information in an internationally mediated environment has sinister implication when combined with the new high-tech modes of warfare currently being tested in the Gulf .
the role of information in an internationally mediated environment has sinister implication when combined with the new high-tech modes of warfare [now] being tested in the gulf .

Look for advertisements placed by other tenants wanting to move to the area where you yourself are currently a tenant .
look for advertisements placed by other tenants wanting to move to the area where you yourself are [now] a tenant .

If you are currently receiving a Rate rebate you will automatically be assessed for Poll Tax Benefit .
if you are [now] receiving a rate rebate you will automatically be assessed for poll tax benefit .

However , if you do not currently receive a rebate and are on a low income , please apply to the Council now .
however , if you do not [now] receive a rebate and are on a low income , please apply to the council now .

This group are not currently paying rent or rates to a private landlord or the Council , so can not currently apply for help .
this group are not [now] paying rent or rates to a private landlord or the council , so can not [now] apply for help .

The Historic Voters Roll will address this problem by providing a mechanism to confirm the existence of any supplied address , irrespective of whether an elector is currently registered there .
the historic voters roll will address this problem by providing a mechanism to confirm the existence of any supplied address , irrespective of whether an elector is [now] registered there .

Among such coastal properties currently under negotiation are three-quarters of a mile at Hunt Cliff , south of Saltburn in Cleveland , and land at Polruan , at the entrance to the Fowey Estuary on the south coast of Cornwall .
among such coastal properties [now] under negotiation are three-quarters of a mile at hunt cliff , south of saltburn in cleveland , and land at polruan , at the entrance to the fowey estuary on the south coast of cornwall .

Stephen Lacey is currently writing the new edition of Gardens of the National Trust which will be published in 1992 .
stephen lacey is [now] writing the new edition of gardens of the national trust which will be published in 1992 .

Patrick Taylor is currently working on a book about garden ornaments which will be published by Pavilion in association with the Trust in 1992
patrick taylor is [now] working on a book about garden ornaments which will be published by pavilion in association with the trust in 1992

The influence of Jupiter currently in Cancer and passing over the mid-heaven point of your solar chart is quite awe-inspiring but somewhat difficult to harness .
the influence of jupiter [now] in cancer and passing over the mid-heaven point of your solar chart is quite awe-inspiring but somewhat difficult to harness .

London to Zurich by train currently costs £173 return ( youths £115 , seniors £90 ) .
london to zurich by train [now] costs £173 return ( youths £115 , seniors £90 ) .

It is currently widely accepted that regional divergence in living standards within countries is the norm ( Bennett , 1980 , 67 ) .
it is [now] widely accepted that regional divergence in living standards within countries is the norm ( bennett , 1980 , 67 ) .

To establish , by examination of existing research and information , and by conducting a survey to fill the gaps , what provision there currently is for
to establish , by examination of existing research and information , and by conducting a survey to fill the gaps , what provision there [now] is for

This issue is currently at the centre of pedagogical discussions about language , since many teaching methods rest on the assumption that when children talk or write , they are also developing their ability to think .
this issue is [now] at the centre of pedagogical discussions about language , since many teaching methods rest on the assumption that when children talk or write , they are also developing their ability to think .

While it is true there is no consensus among linguists ( much less across disciplines ) of a comprehensive description of the English language , theories are currently being developed which place language in its social context and the disciplines of sociologic and psycholinguistics are seeking to describe the human and social aspects of language as communication and the concomitant relationship between language and learning .
while it is true there is no consensus among linguists ( much less across disciplines ) of a comprehensive description of the english language , theories are [now] being developed which place language in its social context and the disciplines of sociologic and psycholinguistics are seeking to describe the human and social aspects of language as communication and the concomitant relationship between language and learning .

Since professional development is a dynamic process , the training which some South Asian teachers have received in the subcontinent should not be condemned as totally inadequate as is currently the case in official circles .
since professional development is a dynamic process , the training which some south asian teachers have received in the subcontinent should not be condemned as totally inadequate as is [now] the case in official circles .

An example of a network from the level of education officers down to practising teachers is currently in the process of being cemented between Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , Oxfordshire and Wiltshire .
an example of a network from the level of education officers down to practising teachers is [now] in the process of being cemented between berkshire , buckinghamshire , oxfordshire and wiltshire .

The training to be described in the remainder of this article is that which is currently being offered by the Inner London Education Authority .
the training to be described in the remainder of this article is that which is [now] being offered by the inner london education authority .

Content and Methodology Most of the training currently being offered is at an introductory level .
content and methodology most of the training [now] being offered is at an introductory level .

It is indeed becoming increasingly recognised that a number of skills vital to our success as teachers can only be acquired within the context of schooling as it is currently organised .
it is indeed becoming increasingly recognised that a number of skills vital to our success as teachers can only be acquired within the context of schooling as it is [now] organised .

The types of water-dispensing systems currently recognised in the United Kingdom for the protection of high-racked storages are confined to ceiling-mounted and in-rack mounted sprinkler systems using ‘ closed ’ sprinklers i.e .
the types of water-dispensing systems [now] recognised in the united kingdom for the protection of high-racked storages are confined to ceiling-mounted and in-rack mounted sprinkler systems using ‘ closed ’ sprinklers i.e .

This last point is where much of the confusion currently reigns .
this last point is where much of the confusion [now] reigns .

Page description languages are currently a hot topic with much being written about the relative strengths and weaknesses of the various offerings .
page description languages are [now] a hot topic with much being written about the relative strengths and weaknesses of the various offerings .

Even the best display systems currently available are pushing the limits to reach 150 dots per inch , half the resolution of a page printer and less than a tenth that of a typesetter .
even the best display systems [now] available are pushing the limits to reach 150 dots per inch , half the resolution of a page printer and less than a tenth that of a typesetter .

Desktop publishing is one of the most seductive executive toys that can currently be found on any computer system .
desktop publishing is one of the most seductive executive toys that can [now] be found on any computer system .

First , and most important , is the type of product you wish to produce ; is it a short document or a long one , does it include illustrations or photographs , what methods are currently used to produce it , and so on .
first , and most important , is the type of product you wish to produce ; is it a short document or a long one , does it include illustrations or photographs , what methods are [now] used to produce it , and so on .

The right-hand edge of the template is marked with two columns of options and the currently selected ones are displayed in a status window at the bottom of the screen .
the right-hand edge of the template is marked with two columns of options and the [now] selected ones are displayed in a status window at the bottom of the screen .

This status window shows the currently selected brush type and its width in pixels together with the selected Ink and Paper colours .
this status window shows the [now] selected brush type and its width in pixels together with the selected ink and paper colours .

Also shown is the currently selected drawing mode which can be Dots , Points or Freehand .
also shown is the [now] selected drawing mode which can be dots , points or freehand .

The remaining space in the window is taken up with the currently selected command sequence .
the remaining space in the window is taken up with the [now] selected command sequence .

Take , for example , the problems that the electronic publishing industry is currently facing with fonts .
take , for example , the problems that the electronic publishing industry is [now] facing with fonts .

Bitstream are intending to get round this limitation by getting in league with the various page description language manufacturers and producing real-time fonts through their languages but as none of these are currently delivering we will have to wait in order to judge the result .
bitstream are intending to get round this limitation by getting in league with the various page description language manufacturers and producing real-time fonts through their languages but as none of these are [now] delivering we will have to wait in order to judge the result .

Apple , however , are adamant that TrueType and TrueImage ( for which no typesetter or page printer currently exists ) will be capable of imaging both font formats .
apple , however , are adamant that truetype and trueimage ( for which no typesetter or page printer [now] exists ) will be capable of imaging both font formats .

Currently graphics screens reproduce 60 to 100dpi , most page printers work at 300dpi and typesetting systems operate at 1,000dpi and above .
[now] graphics screens reproduce 60 to 100dpi , most page printers work at 300dpi and typesetting systems operate at 1,000dpi and above .

Currently , most laser printers set at 300dpi with newer models operating at up to 600dpi .
[now] , most laser printers set at 300dpi with newer models operating at up to 600dpi .

Currently Page ( laser ) Printers print at 300 , 406 and now available 600 dpi .
[now] page ( laser ) printers print at 300 , 406 and now available 600 dpi .

Most page printers currently use this method of printing .
most page printers [now] use this method of printing .

Much has been written about the ‘ new technology ’ methods currently being introduced throughout the newspaper and magazine industry but few individuals ever come into actual contact with the equipment and working methods they use , we merely read the end results at our breakfast table .
much has been written about the ‘ new technology ’ methods [now] being introduced throughout the newspaper and magazine industry but few individuals ever come into actual contact with the equipment and working methods they use , we merely read the end results at our breakfast table .

Both the newspaper groups currently using the software are printing onto page printers and the output is then cut up manually and pasted into position on the page .
both the newspaper groups [now] using the software are printing onto page printers and the output is then cut up manually and pasted into position on the page .

To put all the above into context , and that 's something that no published review is ever likely to achieve , require a detailed understanding of what methods are currently being used to produce documents .
to put all the above into context , and that 's something that no published review is ever likely to achieve , require a detailed understanding of what methods are [now] being used to produce documents .

So , a 1,200dpi by 1,200 page printer is currently unlikely to make it to the market and searchers after increased resolution must turn to other technologies such as optics .
so , a 1,200dpi by 1,200 page printer is [now] unlikely to make it to the market and searchers after increased resolution must turn to other technologies such as optics .

Although the IntePlan program is currently sold as a separate item the promise of its combination with InteMate in the very near future will offer an interesting challenge to programs such as Desq and Menu Ease , not to mention Windows and TopView .
although the inteplan program is [now] sold as a separate item the promise of its combination with intemate in the very near future will offer an interesting challenge to programs such as desq and menu ease , not to mention windows and topview .

It is a perfectly satisfactory word processor but lacks the sparkle of many of the currently available rivals ; Word , WordPerfect , Volkswriter and so on .
it is a perfectly satisfactory word processor but lacks the sparkle of many of the [now] available rivals ; word , wordperfect , volkswriter and so on .

InteCalc claims that pressing the right arrow key will scroll through the currently available files but this was n't the case on my sample .
intecalc claims that pressing the right arrow key will scroll through the [now] available files but this was n't the case on my sample .

Most of the currently available home computers are equipped with cursor controls ; the screen cursor can be moved around a program listing or a text document to the point where changes are needed .
most of the [now] available home computers are equipped with cursor controls ; the screen cursor can be moved around a program listing or a text document to the point where changes are needed .

The majority of the currently available mice use a mechanical coupling to transfer the movement of the wheels or roller to the sensors but there are other methods .
the majority of the [now] available mice use a mechanical coupling to transfer the movement of the wheels or roller to the sensors but there are other methods .

JustText 's typographic control is excellent but currently type can only be set in increments of a single point and leading control is similarly limited .
justtext 's typographic control is excellent but [now] type can only be set in increments of a single point and leading control is similarly limited .

Many of the programs currently available , and the majority of those being prepared for launch within the next few months , will run on perfectly ordinary business computers , the same systems on which you currently perform word processing or accounting .
many of the programs [now] available , and the majority of those being prepared for launch within the next few months , will run on perfectly ordinary business computers , the same systems on which you [now] perform word processing or accounting .

For the first category the two main concerns are that the software will accept input from whatever word processor you are currently using and that the page printer will support your required fonts .
for the first category the two main concerns are that the software will accept input from whatever word processor you are [now] using and that the page printer will support your required fonts .

There are currently two methodologies being developed ; page makeup and document formatting .
there are [now] two methodologies being developed ; page makeup and document formatting .

Almost regardless of the use to which the software will be put the very first question that needs to be established is whether the program will accept data from the software you currently use .
almost regardless of the use to which the software will be put the very first question that needs to be established is whether the program will accept data from the software you [now] use .

To understand the potential market for presentation graphics hardware it is worth taking a look at the various ways in which information is currently being produced .
to understand the potential market for presentation graphics hardware it is worth taking a look at the various ways in which information is [now] being produced .

Agfa has just launched a network of nine bureau round the country and there are perhaps a further dozen individual set-ups currently operating , many as part of an existing desktop publishing bureau and so capable of providing assistance with the overall design of the presentation .
agfa has just launched a network of nine bureau round the country and there are perhaps a further dozen individual set-ups [now] operating , many as part of an existing desktop publishing bureau and so capable of providing assistance with the overall design of the presentation .

The other significant problem that is currently dogging the presentation graphics market is that film recorders come with a paucity of typefaces .
the other significant problem that is [now] dogging the presentation graphics market is that film recorders come with a paucity of typefaces .

The starting point of the process is an evaluation of what documents your organisation produces , how it currently produces them and in what quantities .
the starting point of the process is an evaluation of what documents your organisation produces , how it [now] produces them and in what quantities .

If you currently rely on several word processor operators to generate material that is then ‘ published ’ it might occur to you to simply have each word processor operator trained up on the electronic publishing system .
if you [now] rely on several word processor operators to generate material that is then ‘ published ’ it might occur to you to simply have each word processor operator trained up on the electronic publishing system .

From the earlier document audit you will know what you want to produce , you also know what software you currently use and the skills available to you .
from the earlier document audit you will know what you want to produce , you also know what software you [now] use and the skills available to you .

Ensuring compatibility of data between the systems that you currently have and the proposed electronic publishing software is much more important that worrying about the hardware that it runs on .
ensuring compatibility of data between the systems that you [now] have and the proposed electronic publishing software is much more important that worrying about the hardware that it runs on .

Currently on the market are two programs that allow , or so they claim , any printing device to emulate a real PostScript printer .
[now] on the market are two programs that allow , or so they claim , any printing device to emulate a real postscript printer .

where decisions could be computerised , but are currently taken by managers or staff ; and
where decisions could be computerised , but are [now] taken by managers or staff ; and

, than we currently enjoy .
, than we [now] enjoy .

The cost to the Nation of having 10 % of its work force idle is equivalent to the loss of the oil revenues currently estimated at £20,000 million per year .
the cost to the nation of having 10 % of its work force idle is equivalent to the loss of the oil revenues [now] estimated at £20,000 million per year .

In 1878 Robinson died and Matcham took over his late father-in-law 's architectural practice which , in the preceding seven years , had created seven successful theatres and was currently rebuilding the Elephant and Castle Theatre , London , which Matcham completed .
in 1878 robinson died and matcham took over his late father-in-law 's architectural practice which , in the preceding seven years , had created seven successful theatres and was [now] rebuilding the elephant and castle theatre , london , which matcham completed .

Whereas they all currently specialise either in advanced academic credit-bearing courses of one or two years , or in short courses for groups who often have little or no contact with each other , Northern College 's founders hoped to combine long courses with ten-week courses so that students would benefit from having the continuity of learning associated with the long courses alongside the fresher experiences and perceptions of students on short courses .
whereas they all [now] specialise either in advanced academic credit-bearing courses of one or two years , or in short courses for groups who often have little or no contact with each other , northern college 's founders hoped to combine long courses with ten-week courses so that students would benefit from having the continuity of learning associated with the long courses alongside the fresher experiences and perceptions of students on short courses .

It was held that the words used were incapable of being insulting ( even though they were rude and offensive ) , and the Court left open the question currently under discussion .
it was held that the words used were incapable of being insulting ( even though they were rude and offensive ) , and the court left open the question [now] under discussion .

Both of these offences are currently under review by the Law Commission , which canvassed suggestions that the existing law should be modernised to prevent the disruption of religious services or offensive conduct in places of public worship .
both of these offences are [now] under review by the law commission , which canvassed suggestions that the existing law should be modernised to prevent the disruption of religious services or offensive conduct in places of public worship .

There was no real evidence before the Standing Committee that such material was currently being produced or in circulation , but the fear was expressed that , if the ‘ private member 's club ’ defence were to be removed from the most common form in which such material was currently produced , namely books , magazines and pamphlets , it would not be long before such clubs began to produce their propaganda in new media .
there was no real evidence before the standing committee that such material was [now] being produced or in circulation , but the fear was expressed that , if the ‘ private member 's club ’ defence were to be removed from the most common form in which such material was [now] produced , namely books , magazines and pamphlets , it would not be long before such clubs began to produce their propaganda in new media .

Subjects press a button as soon as they have read the currently available word or words , and this makes the next word or words available .
subjects press a button as soon as they have read the [now] available word or words , and this makes the next word or words available .

Therefore , Mitchell and Green concluded , the additional reading time must reflect the additional difficulty of relating the information currently being obtained to information presented earlier in the passage .
therefore , mitchell and green concluded , the additional reading time must reflect the additional difficulty of relating the information [now] being obtained to information presented earlier in the passage .

For example , the choice of a passive rather than an active is influenced both by whether the things referred to are animate or inanimate and by what the basic theme of the speaker 's current discourse currently is ( Harris , 1977 ; 1978 ) .
for example , the choice of a passive rather than an active is influenced both by whether the things referred to are animate or inanimate and by what the basic theme of the speaker 's current discourse [now] is ( harris , 1977 ; 1978 ) .

The main reason why there is currently no overall theory of language comprehension is that the relatively simple models which have been empirically tested have proved to be inadequate .
the main reason why there is [now] no overall theory of language comprehension is that the relatively simple models which have been empirically tested have proved to be inadequate .

There are effects of specific context ( for example , the piece of discourse currently being processed has to be fitted into and has its processing guided by the preceding and already-processed discourse ) ; and there are effects of general context ( for example , the listener/reader can draw upon his background knowledge of what the world is like to guide his discourse interpretation ) .
there are effects of specific context ( for example , the piece of discourse [now] being processed has to be fitted into and has its processing guided by the preceding and already-processed discourse ) ; and there are effects of general context ( for example , the listener/reader can draw upon his background knowledge of what the world is like to guide his discourse interpretation ) .

On the contrary , investigation into relationships between these two approaches to language is currently flourishing .
on the contrary , investigation into relationships between these two approaches to language is [now] flourishing .

These are perfectly adequate for most gardeners , but the more technically appreciative and extrovert amongst us may wish to try some of the more adventurous systems currently available especially those that incorporate varying spray patterns or coloured lighting .
these are perfectly adequate for most gardeners , but the more technically appreciative and extrovert amongst us may wish to try some of the more adventurous systems [now] available especially those that incorporate varying spray patterns or coloured lighting .

As many as 18 patterns are currently obtainable in a set sequence , with each spray pattern lasting up to 16 seconds and each complete sequence something like 3½ minutes .
as many as 18 patterns are [now] obtainable in a set sequence , with each spray pattern lasting up to 16 seconds and each complete sequence something like 3½ minutes .

Special sachets of aquatic plant fertilizer are currently available which can be merely pushed into the container beside the plants .
special sachets of aquatic plant fertilizer are [now] available which can be merely pushed into the container beside the plants .

Currently , the other police strategy aimed at preventing crime is ‘ multi-agency ’ policing , in which the police combines with social welfare and other local authority agencies to co-ordinate measures against crime , measures that are both physical ( for example designing housing estates ) and social ( for example deciding the appropriate regime for offenders ) .
[now] , the other police strategy aimed at preventing crime is ‘ multi-agency ’ policing , in which the police combines with social welfare and other local authority agencies to co-ordinate measures against crime , measures that are both physical ( for example designing housing estates ) and social ( for example deciding the appropriate regime for offenders ) .

Since we do not currently have this knowledge we hypothesize the user groups and their needs .
since we do not [now] have this knowledge we hypothesize the user groups and their needs .

In fact , maturity dates are currently much earlier than 25 years .
in fact , maturity dates are [now] much earlier than 25 years .

As the law and accounting standards currently require for companies , any systematic charge can be made to the income statement .
as the law and accounting standards [now] require for companies , any systematic charge can be made to the income statement .

There are currently eleven .
there are [now] eleven .

Every individual student-module result since 1981 ( currently over 120,000 ) is held in the student management system database in a form suitable for analysis for Course review and evaluation purposes .
every individual student-module result since 1981 ( [now] over 120,000 ) is held in the student management system database in a form suitable for analysis for course review and evaluation purposes .

This chapter explores some of these issues and Chapter 9 assesses the strengths and weaknesses of the major agencies currently involved in giving advice and solving problems .
this chapter explores some of these issues and chapter 9 assesses the strengths and weaknesses of the major agencies [now] involved in giving advice and solving problems .

There have certainly been criticisms of the relatively narrow view which private practitioners have taken of their work ( a failing which results partly from the type of legal education currently provided ) and it is true that the introduction of the legal advice and assistance scheme in 1973 was intended to give solicitors the opportunity to take a wider range of work .
there have certainly been criticisms of the relatively narrow view which private practitioners have taken of their work ( a failing which results partly from the type of legal education [now] provided ) and it is true that the introduction of the legal advice and assistance scheme in 1973 was intended to give solicitors the opportunity to take a wider range of work .

eligibility limits for legal aid were to be retained , and the contributions currently payable are not unreasonable ;
eligibility limits for legal aid were to be retained , and the contributions [now] payable are not unreasonable ;

Currently , Sun Alliance provides such insurance through the Legal Protection Group , which advertises its services to the public .
[now] , sun alliance provides such insurance through the legal protection group , which advertises its services to the public .

Representation is currently available for almost all cases in the House of Lords , the Court of Appeal , the High Court and county courts ; the Employment Appeal Tribunal ; the Lands Tribunal ; the Restrictive Practices Court ; and certain proceedings in a magistrates ’ court .
representation is [now] available for almost all cases in the house of lords , the court of appeal , the high court and county courts ; the employment appeal tribunal ; the lands tribunal ; the restrictive practices court ; and certain proceedings in a magistrates ’ court .

Homogeneous ‘ hot ’ accretion of the Moon with subsequent differentiation and subsequent cooling is currently the more fashionable view of lunar development than heterogeneous cold accretion .
homogeneous ‘ hot ’ accretion of the moon with subsequent differentiation and subsequent cooling is [now] the more fashionable view of lunar development than heterogeneous cold accretion .

, 1981 ) direct observation currently provides the most accurate way of measuring client activity patterns ( Joyce et al .
, 1981 ) direct observation [now] provides the most accurate way of measuring client activity patterns ( joyce et al .

Thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed .
thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views [now] being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed .

As indicated by the work commissioned by the Department of Health , few practitioners currently make that distinction , nor are they encouraged to do so by the assessment procedures they are required to operate ( DoH , 1991d , p. 47 ) .
as indicated by the work commissioned by the department of health , few practitioners [now] make that distinction , nor are they encouraged to do so by the assessment procedures they are required to operate ( doh , 1991d , p. 47 ) .

However , to suggest that the abolition of the Net Book Agreement or denetting would somehow help would be ‘ to overlook the fact that booksellers currently have no margin left to offer discounts .
however , to suggest that the abolition of the net book agreement or denetting would somehow help would be ‘ to overlook the fact that booksellers [now] have no margin left to offer discounts .

In the Century/Hutchinson/Arrow/Legend grouping , it is thought that Kate Parkin ( currently publishing director of Century ) will be appointed to the new position of publisher for Century and Arrow .
in the century/hutchinson/arrow/legend grouping , it is thought that kate parkin ( [now] publishing director of century ) will be appointed to the new position of publisher for century and arrow .

The company says that overseas royalties it has earned on behalf of the authors , artists and publishers it represents have increased five-fold in the last three years , and that it currently licenses its properties in 25 countries .
the company says that overseas royalties it has earned on behalf of the authors , artists and publishers it represents have increased five-fold in the last three years , and that it [now] licenses its properties in 25 countries .

Ms Dickinson also reported that discussions were currently taking place with various bodies , including the Arts Council , to investigate the possibility of setting up a National Children 's Book Council .
ms dickinson also reported that discussions were [now] taking place with various bodies , including the arts council , to investigate the possibility of setting up a national children 's book council .

Wickham said this tallied with what he had already been told , but it was undisputed that the old Adler currently on Tavett 's desk was usually there .
wickham said this tallied with what he had already been told , but it was undisputed that the old adler [now] on tavett 's desk was usually there .

He is currently engaged in editing all of Purcell 's court odes and welcome songs for the new Purcell Society edition .
he is [now] engaged in editing all of purcell 's court odes and welcome songs for the new purcell society edition .

( Wilson chooses the word ‘ companies ’ in preference to the currently favoured term ‘ laudesi confraternities ’ as it is more commonly found in contemporary Italian documents . )
( wilson chooses the word ‘ companies ’ in preference to the [now] favoured term ‘ laudesi confraternities ’ as it is more commonly found in contemporary italian documents . )

This is currently the main thrust of new thinking about Bach .
this is [now] the main thrust of new thinking about bach .

Few prosecutions are currently brought for procuring sexual intercourse by threat .
few prosecutions are [now] brought for procuring sexual intercourse by threat .

It would be hard to dispute the desirability of any of these proposals , which would give to certain males the protection which they currently lack .
it would be hard to dispute the desirability of any of these proposals , which would give to certain males the protection which they [now] lack .

Few prosecutions are currently brought under section 2 , yet it is potentially a strong weapon against coercive behaviour .
few prosecutions are [now] brought under section 2 , yet it is potentially a strong weapon against coercive behaviour .

Currently , in the first year of an Advanced Solo Studies Course at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama .
[now] , in the first year of an advanced solo studies course at the guildhall school of music and drama .

The block lies within the Con Son Basin and is located 15 kms north of the 500 million barrel Dai Hung oilfield for which PetroVietnam is currently evaluating international bids to bring on production .
the block lies within the con son basin and is located 15 kms north of the 500 million barrel dai hung oilfield for which petrovietnam is [now] evaluating international bids to bring on production .

This significant discover is being further evaluated during 1992 and 1993 , by an extended well test of Tempa Rossa 2 which is currently underway , a new seismic survey and by further drilling including a re-entry and deepening of the original discovery well in the Laurenzana permit .
this significant discover is being further evaluated during 1992 and 1993 , by an extended well test of tempa rossa 2 which is [now] underway , a new seismic survey and by further drilling including a re-entry and deepening of the original discovery well in the laurenzana permit .

Currently supply exceeds demand — hence the $ 18–23.00 per barrel price band .
[now] supply exceeds demand — hence the $ 18–23.00 per barrel price band .

Commercial proven and probable reserves are those quantities of petroleum which are considered , on the basis of information currently available and current economic forecasts , to be commercially recoverable from fields currently in production , fields under development , fields for which a development plan is under active preparation and fields whose proximity to established infrastructure assures their future development .
commercial proven and probable reserves are those quantities of petroleum which are considered , on the basis of information [now] available and current economic forecasts , to be commercially recoverable from fields [now] in production , fields under development , fields for which a development plan is under active preparation and fields whose proximity to established infrastructure assures their future development .

Potentially commercial proven and probable reserves comprise quantities of petroleum which are considered , on the basis of the information currently available and current economic forecasts , to be commercially recoverable from fields that have been discovered but which require further appraisal prior to commerciality being established .
potentially commercial proven and probable reserves comprise quantities of petroleum which are considered , on the basis of the information [now] available and current economic forecasts , to be commercially recoverable from fields that have been discovered but which require further appraisal prior to commerciality being established .

The Quality and Information Systems team is currently running a pilot cc : Mail system with around 250 users AEA-wide .
the quality and information systems team is [now] running a pilot cc : mail system with around 250 users aea-wide .

The Government is currently reviewing the future of all five of its research laboratories .
the government is [now] reviewing the future of all five of its research laboratories .

‘ The £18 million we currently spend on research and development shows how serious we are at strengthening our science and engineering skills base , ’ emphasised Stuart .
‘ the £18 million we [now] spend on research and development shows how serious we are at strengthening our science and engineering skills base , ’ emphasised stuart .

There are currently more than 12 million female motorists — almost half of this country 's 25 million drivers — and each day women are passing their tests in greater numbers than men .
there are [now] more than 12 million female motorists — almost half of this country 's 25 million drivers — and each day women are passing their tests in greater numbers than men .

There are 20 instances currently of our involvement in external business ventures with many others under review .
there are 20 instances [now] of our involvement in external business ventures with many others under review .

John Watson is currently studying on the final year of the BSc Hons course in Building Management at the University of Northumbria at Newcastle
john watson is [now] studying on the final year of the bsc hons course in building management at the university of northumbria at newcastle

Designed to bridge the gap in the market between basic domestic dimmers and the more technically complex and expensive systems , the range is currently used for prestige commercial and architectural lighting .
designed to bridge the gap in the market between basic domestic dimmers and the more technically complex and expensive systems , the range is [now] used for prestige commercial and architectural lighting .

Direct Banking is currently being field tested among staff and customers in Dundee and staff at Regent 's House .
direct banking is [now] being field tested among staff and customers in dundee and staff at regent 's house .

Productivity , currently running at 4 tonnes every seven working days , is expected to double by September with the target of 12 tonnes every week being achieved by the middle of next year .
productivity , [now] running at 4 tonnes every seven working days , is expected to double by september with the target of 12 tonnes every week being achieved by the middle of next year .

This 5 kilometre route currently extends from West Shore Road , following the shore along the Granton–Cramond promenade , to Cramond village itself .
this 5 kilometre route [now] extends from west shore road , following the shore along the granton–cramond promenade , to cramond village itself .

Discussions on all these issues are currently taking place with a small Reference Group of eight residential and nursing home care providers four from each of the private and voluntary sectors .
discussions on all these issues are [now] taking place with a small reference group of eight residential and nursing home care providers four from each of the private and voluntary sectors .

Some other organisations would be needed to pursue — or change — policies currently being developed by Lothian …
some other organisations would be needed to pursue — or change — policies [now] being developed by lothian …

‘ We had to show that the Regional Council could organise its affairs to ensure a more local system than currently exists through the regions and districts , ’ said Convenor Eric Milligan .
‘ we had to show that the regional council could organise its affairs to ensure a more local system than [now] exists through the regions and districts , ’ said convenor eric milligan .

The network of neighbourhood and town councils would operate within this structure , based on the ward currently under review by the Boundaries Commission .
the network of neighbourhood and town councils would operate within this structure , based on the ward [now] under review by the boundaries commission .

And just to give you a flavour of the sort of thing the Fourth and Fifth Floors of No 19 , here are two of the many very hot issues currently under development .
and just to give you a flavour of the sort of thing the fourth and fifth floors of no 19 , here are two of the many very hot issues [now] under development .

The idea is that those being considered for the award can be attached to any of the Divisions within the Department and will include trainee Roadworkers , Technicians , Graduate Engineers and Accountants and all training schemes currently operating within the Department .
the idea is that those being considered for the award can be attached to any of the divisions within the department and will include trainee roadworkers , technicians , graduate engineers and accountants and all training schemes [now] operating within the department .

Does the person currently have to take anti-depressants or tranquillising medication ?
does the person [now] have to take anti-depressants or tranquillising medication ?

The first Plan identified the benefits associated with road safety education for pre-school children and in particular to Children 's Traffic Club sponsored by General Accident which is currently undergoing trials .
the first plan identified the benefits associated with road safety education for pre-school children and in particular to children 's traffic club sponsored by general accident which is [now] undergoing trials .

In the context of the 5–14 development programme , a working group is currently publishing its report on Health Education in which the importance of road safety education is recognised .
in the context of the 5–14 development programme , a working group is [now] publishing its report on health education in which the importance of road safety education is recognised .

Both formal and informal learning sessions take place currently throughout the Region organised by the police Road Safety Officers .
both formal and informal learning sessions take place [now] throughout the region organised by the police road safety officers .

The potential for formal contracts in this area is currently being examined .
the potential for formal contracts in this area is [now] being examined .

Books make the ideal Christmas present , and among those currently in stock are Muriel Spark 's autobiography Curriculum Vitae , in which she writes of her childhood in Edinburgh and the people and places which have influenced her work — including the original Miss Brodie ; and Alisdair Gray 's new novel Poor Things , a Frankenstein-inspired tale which has been described as his best work yet .
books make the ideal christmas present , and among those [now] in stock are muriel spark 's autobiography curriculum vitae , in which she writes of her childhood in edinburgh and the people and places which have influenced her work — including the original miss brodie ; and alisdair gray 's new novel poor things , a frankenstein-inspired tale which has been described as his best work yet .

Frank represents the Sighthill ward on Edinburgh District Council and currently chairs the Council 's Personnel Committee .
frank represents the sighthill ward on edinburgh district council and [now] chairs the council 's personnel committee .

As an extra incentive , the Club is currently offering free membership for the year 1992–3 to all such graduates , ie , alumni of other universities who are not ( a ) alumni of Edinburgh University or ( b ) members of staff of Edinburgh University or ( c ) existing members of the club during 1991–2 .
as an extra incentive , the club is [now] offering free membership for the year 1992–3 to all such graduates , ie , alumni of other universities who are not ( a ) alumni of edinburgh university or ( b ) members of staff of edinburgh university or ( c ) existing members of the club during 1991–2 .

The free membership offer ends in September 1993 , but all members of staff of the National Library of Scotland should be aware that they are also eligible to join the Club as associate members at any time ; the yearly subscription is currently £68.50 .
the free membership offer ends in september 1993 , but all members of staff of the national library of scotland should be aware that they are also eligible to join the club as associate members at any time ; the yearly subscription is [now] £68.50 .

The project , which is expected to take some 18 months to complete , will enable all library staff to have access through the online catalogue to up-to-date information on all periodicals and newspaper titles currently received , including the date of the last issue received , and , in most cases , the expected date of the next issue .
the project , which is expected to take some 18 months to complete , will enable all library staff to have access through the online catalogue to up-to-date information on all periodicals and newspaper titles [now] received , including the date of the last issue received , and , in most cases , the expected date of the next issue .

This exchange policy continues today , and currently well over 800 periodical titles are received from all continents .
this exchange policy continues today , and [now] well over 800 periodical titles are received from all continents .

An investigating team is currently assessing the possibility of creating a pedestrian/cycle route from Baberton via Bloomiehall Park along the perimeter of Baberton Golf Club linking into Muirwood Road .
an investigating team is [now] assessing the possibility of creating a pedestrian/cycle route from baberton via bloomiehall park along the perimeter of baberton golf club linking into muirwood road .

The House in Belmont Road was vacated and is currently for sale .
the house in belmont road was vacated and is [now] for sale .

Expenditure on production assets represents the Group 's share of total expenditure on the exploration , appraisal and development of oil and gas fields which are currently in commercial production .
expenditure on production assets represents the group 's share of total expenditure on the exploration , appraisal and development of oil and gas fields which are [now] in commercial production .

The provision for abandonment represents the accumulated amount of the Group 's share of abandonment cost of £58 million [ 1991 £45 million ] for all North Sea fields in which the Group has an interest and which are currently in production , £1 million [ 1991 £nil ] for similar costs in Nova Scotia , and £nil [ 1991 £1 million ] in Australia .
the provision for abandonment represents the accumulated amount of the group 's share of abandonment cost of £58 million [ 1991 £45 million ] for all north sea fields in which the group has an interest and which are [now] in production , £1 million [ 1991 £nil ] for similar costs in nova scotia , and £nil [ 1991 £1 million ] in australia .

the total estimated liability for the Group 's share of abandonment costs is currently forecast at £159 million [ 1991 £127 million ] .
the total estimated liability for the group 's share of abandonment costs is [now] forecast at £159 million [ 1991 £127 million ] .

its potentially damaging effects on recolonisation of the Usk and neighbouring rivers by otters , which is currently taking place ;
its potentially damaging effects on recolonisation of the usk and neighbouring rivers by otters , which is [now] taking place ;

We are currently undertaking a study into the impacts of present transport policies on the Welsh environment which we hope to publish later this year .
we are [now] undertaking a study into the impacts of present transport policies on the welsh environment which we hope to publish later this year .

We joined embattled coalfield communities in South Wales , who have suffered decades of dirt , noise and heavy traffic , in a call for a complete overhaul of Minerals Planning Guidance Note 3 which currently tells planning authorities that opencast mining should be permitted in the national interest .
we joined embattled coalfield communities in south wales , who have suffered decades of dirt , noise and heavy traffic , in a call for a complete overhaul of minerals planning guidance note 3 which [now] tells planning authorities that opencast mining should be permitted in the national interest .

What Williams ' study sought to disprove were the currently entrenched theories concerning the underlying reasons for the abolition of slavery in the British Empire in 1833 .
what williams ' study sought to disprove were the [now] entrenched theories concerning the underlying reasons for the abolition of slavery in the british empire in 1833 .

We understand there are only two locations where facilities currently exist that could handle tankers of the size likely to be employed ; namely , Baglan Bay ( Port Talbot ) and Milford Haven .
we understand there are only two locations where facilities [now] exist that could handle tankers of the size likely to be employed ; namely , baglan bay ( port talbot ) and milford haven .

We are grateful for the opportunity to comment on the proposals currently being considered by the Government for tackling the problems associated with minerals planning permissions granted in the 1950s , 60s and 70s .
we are grateful for the opportunity to comment on the proposals [now] being considered by the government for tackling the problems associated with minerals planning permissions granted in the 1950s , 60s and 70s .

We understand there are only two locations where facilities currently exist that could handle tankers of the size likely to be employed ; namely , Baglan Bay ( Port Talbot ) and Milford Haven .
we understand there are only two locations where facilities [now] exist that could handle tankers of the size likely to be employed ; namely , baglan bay ( port talbot ) and milford haven .

Only a small proportion of members currently take an active part in branch work .
only a small proportion of members [now] take an active part in branch work .

Stage : ‘ The Council is currently considering the third and final draft Local Plan covering the north of the District , which will complete Local Plan coverage of the area with informal Council approved Local Plans .
stage : ‘ the council is [now] considering the third and final draft local plan covering the north of the district , which will complete local plan coverage of the area with informal council approved local plans .

Stage : The Council has a Borough-wide District Plan currently in place .
stage : the council has a borough-wide district plan [now] in place .

‘ This is however nearing the end of its useful life and is therefore currently under review .
‘ this is however nearing the end of its useful life and is therefore [now] under review .

Stage : Ystradgynlais Area Draft currently at its Pre Deposit consultation stage .
stage : ystradgynlais area draft [now] at its pre deposit consultation stage .

Council is ‘ currently appraising replies received and it is likely that a public inquiry will be held during late October 1992 ’ .
council is ‘ [now] appraising replies received and it is likely that a public inquiry will be held during late october 1992 ’ .

Five working sites currently produce less than 0.1m tonnes per year .
five working sites [now] produce less than 0.1m tonnes per year .

There would be enormous value in sharing information about what different organisations are currently achieving in this area and the problems they are encountering .
there would be enormous value in sharing information about what different organisations are [now] achieving in this area and the problems they are encountering .

Perhaps there is a positive role here for the Countryside Council for Wales , since it is currently clarifying its policy in this area ?
perhaps there is a positive role here for the countryside council for wales , since it is [now] clarifying its policy in this area ?

Education for Sustainability must lead to changes in the value systems to which we are currently wedded if we are to build a more sustainable society .
education for sustainability must lead to changes in the value systems to which we are [now] wedded if we are to build a more sustainable society .

But it is this very oil that currently keeps the wheels of British industry turning .
but it is this very oil that [now] keeps the wheels of british industry turning .

He lives with his wife and two children in Amersham and is currently taking golf lessons with one of his sons at a local club .
he lives with his wife and two children in amersham and is [now] taking golf lessons with one of his sons at a local club .

Without economic growth the demand for oil and gas is inevitably weak , leading to soft prices which are currently running at the lowest level for 20 years in real terms .
without economic growth the demand for oil and gas is inevitably weak , leading to soft prices which are [now] running at the lowest level for 20 years in real terms .

Also , levels and bases of , and reliefs from , taxation are those currently applicable and may be subject to change , and their value depends on the individual circumstances of the investor .
also , levels and bases of , and reliefs from , taxation are those [now] applicable and may be subject to change , and their value depends on the individual circumstances of the investor .

However , you can opt to have the income paid out to you every six months , currently in May and November [ subject to the Terms and Conditions ] .
however , you can opt to have the income paid out to you every six months , [now] in may and november [ subject to the terms and conditions ] .

The initial charge is currently set at 6% of your investment .
the initial charge is [now] set at 6% of your investment .

The annual charge is currently 1.25% of the value of your investment and is charged each year that the plan is in force .
the annual charge is [now] 1.25% of the value of your investment and is charged each year that the plan is in force .

Italy 's state-owned electricity industry is currently negotiating a plan to build a new 13,000 megawatts of capacity in the Soviet Union .
italy 's state-owned electricity industry is [now] negotiating a plan to build a new 13,000 megawatts of capacity in the soviet union .

The plant would use integrated gasification combined cycle technology to generate electricity at a relatively low cost while cutting back on emissions of sulphur dioxide pollutants … This might be a way forward for coal power , which is currently losing out to gas both on the pollution and cost fronts .
the plant would use integrated gasification combined cycle technology to generate electricity at a relatively low cost while cutting back on emissions of sulphur dioxide pollutants … this might be a way forward for coal power , which is [now] losing out to gas both on the pollution and cost fronts .

Sweden currently produces half its electricity requirements through nuclear power — more than any other country in the world .
sweden [now] produces half its electricity requirements through nuclear power — more than any other country in the world .

For a variety of very sound reasons , it will not be possible in many areas to contemplate the setting up of a Sixth Form College . What other alternatives currently exist ?
for a variety of very sound reasons , it will not be possible in many areas to contemplate the setting up of a sixth form college . what other alternatives [now] exist ?

Our development centre is currently testing new products and processes and we continue to improve our productivity record .
our development centre is [now] testing new products and processes and we continue to improve our productivity record .

In his speech to the Royal Agricultural Society , the Prince posited that a large part of the £20 billion currently spent on Common Agricultural Policy should be used to steer farmers away from high-yield farming and reward environment-friendly methods .
in his speech to the royal agricultural society , the prince posited that a large part of the £20 billion [now] spent on common agricultural policy should be used to steer farmers away from high-yield farming and reward environment-friendly methods .

Increasing atmospheric levels of nitrous oxide currently stand at about eight per cent above pre-industrial levels .
increasing atmospheric levels of nitrous oxide [now] stand at about eight per cent above pre-industrial levels .

Currently , the only known way of destroying highly toxic and carcinogenic PCBs is by incineration at temperatures exceeding 1200 degrees centigrade .
[now] , the only known way of destroying highly toxic and carcinogenic pcbs is by incineration at temperatures exceeding 1200 degrees centigrade .

They are designed primarily for practitioners who are either currently working or who have previous work experience in the industry .
they are designed primarily for practitioners who are either [now] working or who have previous work experience in the industry .

Combined heat and power station projects also need to be promoted through fiscal and planning measures — as only 3 per cent of British power station output currently uses the waste heat available from power stations ' hot water .
combined heat and power station projects also need to be promoted through fiscal and planning measures — as only 3 per cent of british power station output [now] uses the waste heat available from power stations ' hot water .

The most stringent regulations are those recently introduced in California , where , by the year 2003 , cars must emit 85 per cent less hydrocarbons , 50 per cent less carbon monoxide and 75 per cent less nitrogen oxide than currently permitted .
the most stringent regulations are those recently introduced in california , where , by the year 2003 , cars must emit 85 per cent less hydrocarbons , 50 per cent less carbon monoxide and 75 per cent less nitrogen oxide than [now] permitted .

Currently , all spent fuel from British nuclear power stations is sent to be reprocessed at Sellafield in Cumbria .
[now] , all spent fuel from british nuclear power stations is sent to be reprocessed at sellafield in cumbria .

Scottish Nuclear 's plans are the result of dissatisfaction with new reprocessing contracts currently under negotiation with British Nuclear Fuels .
scottish nuclear 's plans are the result of dissatisfaction with new reprocessing contracts [now] under negotiation with british nuclear fuels .

The manufacturers are currently working on an alternative version which uses sodium acid batteries .
the manufacturers are [now] working on an alternative version which uses sodium acid batteries .

It is currently taking steps to develop in detail a long-term strategy for research in the Biosciences ( see para .
it is [now] taking steps to develop in detail a long-term strategy for research in the biosciences ( see para .

The University is currently undertaking a detailed inquiry into the general relationship between college and university responsibilities in respect of undergraduate teaching and graduate teaching and supervision .
the university is [now] undertaking a detailed inquiry into the general relationship between college and university responsibilities in respect of undergraduate teaching and graduate teaching and supervision .

The draft structure plan is currently under consideration by the Department of Environment .
the draft structure plan is [now] under consideration by the department of environment .

Currently some 40 % of its output is exported .
[now] some 40 % of its output is exported .

Above all , we need a European strategy to promote the highest possible levels of education and training amongst people currently marginalised in the workforce : women , ethnic minorities , older workers and people with disabilities .
above all , we need a european strategy to promote the highest possible levels of education and training amongst people [now] marginalised in the workforce : women , ethnic minorities , older workers and people with disabilities .

The 36ft pole was brought to its new home through Gallery 2 , where the Rae exhibition is currently being held , and then carefully raised and fixed into place .
the 36ft pole was brought to its new home through gallery 2 , where the rae exhibition is [now] being held , and then carefully raised and fixed into place .

She is currently working as General Marketing Manager for Birds Eye Walls Ltd , the Unilever frozen food company .
she is [now] working as general marketing manager for birds eye walls ltd , the unilever frozen food company .

Michele Roberts having seen her fifth novel In the Red Kitchen published in 1990 is currently working on a screenplay for French television and on a new novel .
michele roberts having seen her fifth novel in the red kitchen published in 1990 is [now] working on a screenplay for french television and on a new novel .

Analysts estimate that up to half the monies owed currently go uncollected .
analysts estimate that up to half the monies owed [now] go uncollected .

The School 's own library and map collection contain over 100,000 volumes and over 60,000 maps ; over 200 periodicals are taken currently and more than 130 series of research papers are taken from 70 other geography departments and research institutions .
the school 's own library and map collection contain over 100,000 volumes and over 60,000 maps ; over 200 periodicals are taken [now] and more than 130 series of research papers are taken from 70 other geography departments and research institutions .

More than 11 percent of the workforce are currently registered as unemployed .
more than 11 percent of the workforce are [now] registered as unemployed .

Currently , they number around 1,800 plants and employ about 55,000 people , and constitute Mexico 's second largest source of foreign exchange after oil .
[now] , they number around 1,800 plants and employ about 55,000 people , and constitute mexico 's second largest source of foreign exchange after oil .

An earlier parliamentary report concluded that deep burial was the only option for disposing of the waste , which is currently stored in surface sites at La Hague in Brittany and Marcoule in Provence .
an earlier parliamentary report concluded that deep burial was the only option for disposing of the waste , which is [now] stored in surface sites at la hague in brittany and marcoule in provence .

It is currently owned by the privatization agency , Treuhand .
it is [now] owned by the privatization agency , treuhand .

Currently , they number around 1,800 plants and employ about 55,000 people , and constitute Mexico 's second largest source of foreign exchange after oil .
[now] , they number around 1,800 plants and employ about 55,000 people , and constitute mexico 's second largest source of foreign exchange after oil .

The system of `` Red Routes `` ( urban clearways with stringent parking restrictions ) , currently under trial in London , would be extended , after initial studies showed that it had proved successful in cutting journey times by up to 30 per cent .
the system of `` red routes `` ( urban clearways with stringent parking restrictions ) , [now] under trial in london , would be extended , after initial studies showed that it had proved successful in cutting journey times by up to 30 per cent .

The project outline claims that no-one lives in the inner zones , although this is disputed by local non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , which insist that tribal people currently use all of the forest .
the project outline claims that no-one lives in the inner zones , although this is disputed by local non-governmental organizations ( ngos ) , which insist that tribal people [now] use all of the forest .

Officials say they have identified new sources of timber that would not conflict with protecting the owl , but environmentalists are concerned that the government has called for a much smaller reduction in the timber " harvest " than the Thomas report . They are currently considering whether the proposed reductions would withstand court challenges under the Endangered Species Act
officials say they have identified new sources of timber that would not conflict with protecting the owl , but environmentalists are concerned that the government has called for a much smaller reduction in the timber " harvest " than the thomas report . they are [now] considering whether the proposed reductions would withstand court challenges under the endangered species act

The offshore wind scheme , due to come on stream early next year , is currently being built off Vindeby , on Lolland Island in the Baltic Sea .
the offshore wind scheme , due to come on stream early next year , is [now] being built off vindeby , on lolland island in the baltic sea .

The Wood Energy Development group believes that the reintroduction of short-rotation schemes could help solve land-use problems such as crop surpluses and forestry management which are currently at odds with environmental concerns .
the wood energy development group believes that the reintroduction of short-rotation schemes could help solve land-use problems such as crop surpluses and forestry management which are [now] at odds with environmental concerns .

The professor said that the depletion rate was currently believed to be 13 parts per million per year , but that accurate measurement was urgently needed . ``
the professor said that the depletion rate was [now] believed to be 13 parts per million per year , but that accurate measurement was urgently needed . ``

Currently there are 39 signatories , of whom 25 have scientific research programmes on the continent .
[now] there are 39 signatories , of whom 25 have scientific research programmes on the continent .

The city is growing at the rate of 6,000 people a month , whilst 90 % of the state 's water supplies are currently used by just 6,000 farmers .
the city is growing at the rate of 6,000 people a month , whilst 90 % of the state 's water supplies are [now] used by just 6,000 farmers .

Elephant numbers are currently stable , but great pressure is being put on the animal which is being forced to roam increasingly vast areas to find food and shelter as its habitat is taken for fuel wood by rural peasants .
elephant numbers are [now] stable , but great pressure is being put on the animal which is being forced to roam increasingly vast areas to find food and shelter as its habitat is taken for fuel wood by rural peasants .

If the project gets the green light , engines will be produced in Nordhausen , formerly in East Germany , where motor workers are also currently threatened with redundancy .
if the project gets the green light , engines will be produced in nordhausen , formerly in east germany , where motor workers are also [now] threatened with redundancy .

Emissions which currently amount to nearly 500,000 tonnes per year will be cut to 73,000 tonnes as a result of modernization to be carried out on the plants , in the towns of Nikel and Monchegorsk on the Kola peninsula .
emissions which [now] amount to nearly 500,000 tonnes per year will be cut to 73,000 tonnes as a result of modernization to be carried out on the plants , in the towns of nikel and monchegorsk on the kola peninsula .

Fresh soil samples , taken recently in the presence of journalists , are currently being investigated for gamma rays and alpha particles .
fresh soil samples , taken recently in the presence of journalists , are [now] being investigated for gamma rays and alpha particles .

The repository is urgently needed to take intermediate level radioactive waste currently piling up and Nirex is hoping that the public inquiry will be completed by 1994 .
the repository is urgently needed to take intermediate level radioactive waste [now] piling up and nirex is hoping that the public inquiry will be completed by 1994 .

The method proved much cheaper than the conventional equipment currently used to monitor pollution levels , and is quick enough to allow recognition of pollution hotspots and the drawing up of weekly pollution maps .
the method proved much cheaper than the conventional equipment [now] used to monitor pollution levels , and is quick enough to allow recognition of pollution hotspots and the drawing up of weekly pollution maps .

Sarawak currently yields over 15.7 million cubic metres of timber each year .
sarawak [now] yields over 15.7 million cubic metres of timber each year .

In the north-east of England , a joint proposal by International Technology Europe and Northumbrian Water for two plants designed to burn sewage sludge and organic chemicals is currently being held up by a lengthy public enquiry , with local people in strong opposition .
in the north-east of england , a joint proposal by international technology europe and northumbrian water for two plants designed to burn sewage sludge and organic chemicals is [now] being held up by a lengthy public enquiry , with local people in strong opposition .

Currently there are more than 5,000 people registered for higher degrees through Henley .
[now] there are more than 5,000 people registered for higher degrees through henley .

Currently National Associations are active in and are in the process of being established in
[now] national associations are active in and are in the process of being established in

Except for the purposes of Rule 11 , the Code defines voting rights as all the voting rights attributable to the share capital of a company which are currently exercisable at a general meeting .
except for the purposes of rule 11 , the code defines voting rights as all the voting rights attributable to the share capital of a company which are [now] exercisable at a general meeting .

It is therefore quite impossible to suggest amendments to all permutations of the obligations currently being imposed on tenants , but the tenant 's adviser should be watchful for new variations on an old theme and indeed for innovative covenants which could cause the tenant a good deal of anxiety .
it is therefore quite impossible to suggest amendments to all permutations of the obligations [now] being imposed on tenants , but the tenant 's adviser should be watchful for new variations on an old theme and indeed for innovative covenants which could cause the tenant a good deal of anxiety .

9.14 Compensation on vacating Any statutory right of the Tenant to claim compensation from the Landlord on vacating the Premises shall be excluded to the extent that the law allows Basically , the landlord can deny the tenant statutory compensation ( currently the rateable value of the premises ) if there has been a change of ownership during the last five years of the term prior to its expiration and the assignee is not a successor to the business of the assignor .
9.14 compensation on vacating any statutory right of the tenant to claim compensation from the landlord on vacating the premises shall be excluded to the extent that the law allows basically , the landlord can deny the tenant statutory compensation ( [now] the rateable value of the premises ) if there has been a change of ownership during the last five years of the term prior to its expiration and the assignee is not a successor to the business of the assignor .

This doctrine is currently under review but if an alteration is proposed it is thought unlikely that the proposal would be to scrap the doctrine altogether .
this doctrine is [now] under review but if an alteration is proposed it is thought unlikely that the proposal would be to scrap the doctrine altogether .

For example , the effectiveness of a retention of title clause which purports to extend to proceeds of sale is currently unclear .
for example , the effectiveness of a retention of title clause which purports to extend to proceeds of sale is [now] unclear .

There is a restriction on the maximum amount of compensation which a magistrates ' court may order ( currently £2,000 ) which has serious implications where there are other offences to be taken into account .
there is a restriction on the maximum amount of compensation which a magistrates ' court may order ( [now] £2,000 ) which has serious implications where there are other offences to be taken into account .

The purpose of registration is to provide a record of all children in the area who are currently the subject of an inter-agency protection plan and to ensure that the plans are formally reviewed .
the purpose of registration is to provide a record of all children in the area who are [now] the subject of an inter-agency protection plan and to ensure that the plans are formally reviewed .

( 3 ) Consider types of work currently undertaken by the firm that should not be ( because of limited expertise , inadequate experience or cost ) ; and consider types of work you are not currently undertaking that you should be .
( 3 ) consider types of work [now] undertaken by the firm that should not be ( because of limited expertise , inadequate experience or cost ) ; and consider types of work you are not [now] undertaking that you should be .

( ii ) If the panel member moves to another firm during the five-year period of membership he/she would be required to undergo reselection ( unless moving to a firm which is currently approved , ie already has a panel member ) .
( ii ) if the panel member moves to another firm during the five-year period of membership he/she would be required to undergo reselection ( unless moving to a firm which is [now] approved , ie already has a panel member ) .

( ii ) If the panel member moves to another firm during the five-year period of membership he/she would be required to undergo reselection ( unless moving to a firm which is currently approved , ie already has a panel member ) .
( ii ) if the panel member moves to another firm during the five-year period of membership he/she would be required to undergo reselection ( unless moving to a firm which is [now] approved , ie already has a panel member ) .

The prophylactic programmes outlined above are relatively costly in terms of drugs and labour but are currently the only methods available on farms where the enterprise is heavily dependent on one animal species .
the prophylactic programmes outlined above are relatively costly in terms of drugs and labour but are [now] the only methods available on farms where the enterprise is heavily dependent on one animal species .

This live vaccine , consisting of larvae attenuated by irradiation , is currently only available in Europe and is given orally to calves aged eight weeks or more .
this live vaccine , consisting of larvae attenuated by irradiation , is [now] only available in europe and is given orally to calves aged eight weeks or more .

Such cases are currently treated using laser therapy .
such cases are [now] treated using laser therapy .

He let his gaze drift over those agreeable female attributes — the swell of her breasts beneath the simple cotton blouse , the curve of her hips currently sheathed in blue jeans .
he let his gaze drift over those agreeable female attributes — the swell of her breasts beneath the simple cotton blouse , the curve of her hips [now] sheathed in blue jeans .

The Modern Studies information system has now expanded to cover 16 syllabus topics , which are set out in Figure 6.1 , and further datafiles are currently being planned .
the modern studies information system has now expanded to cover 16 syllabus topics , which are set out in figure 6.1 , and further datafiles are [now] being planned .

Although there is currently a software `` explosion `` , methods for the dissemination of information on software are numerous and varied .
although there is [now] a software `` explosion `` , methods for the dissemination of information on software are numerous and varied .

Kirsty is currently staying with me .
kirsty is [now] staying with me .

‘ She 's currently in Mexico on her honeymoon .
‘ she 's [now] in mexico on her honeymoon .

Sole surviving Avro Anson Mk.1 capable of flight is currently up for sale in Australia .
sole surviving avro anson mk.1 capable of flight is [now] up for sale in australia .

The city is currently staging it 's first ever lesbian and gay festival with events like plays , cabaret and films .
the city is [now] staging it 's first ever lesbian and gay festival with events like plays , cabaret and films .

Four out of every five currently leave school with no qualifications , making it all the more difficult for them to adapt to adult life .
four out of every five [now] leave school with no qualifications , making it all the more difficult for them to adapt to adult life .

Who are we talking about , no not Angus , the man is Wesley Snipe , currently trying to out cool co-star Sean Connery in the hit movie Rising Sun . Our very own Rising Sun , John Millar of the Daily Record , fresh from his series on the wild , well slightly angry west , caught up with Wesley for a lesson in absolute hipness , but first , let's see old Wes in action
who are we talking about , no not angus , the man is wesley snipe , [now] trying to out cool co-star sean connery in the hit movie rising sun . our very own rising sun , john millar of the daily record , fresh from his series on the wild , well slightly angry west , caught up with wesley for a lesson in absolute hipness , but first , let's see old wes in action

The Edinburgh Christian Church preaches extreme beliefs , and has links with a an English-based church which is currently under investigation by the charities commission .
the edinburgh christian church preaches extreme beliefs , and has links with a an english-based church which is [now] under investigation by the charities commission .

Work currently underway on all sites involves the demolition of covered ground level car parks .
work [now] underway on all sites involves the demolition of covered ground level car parks .

And , thought Busacher to himself , it would also help with the awkwardness of Suzi and Georg no longer speaking and everyone knowing that the little Hoflin was currently messing about with Gesner .
and , thought busacher to himself , it would also help with the awkwardness of suzi and georg no longer speaking and everyone knowing that the little hoflin was [now] messing about with gesner .

In particular they had considerably more marital difficulties , and were much more likely to be currently suffering from psychiatric disorder .
in particular they had considerably more marital difficulties , and were much more likely to be [now] suffering from psychiatric disorder .

Of the sixteen women in their survey who were currently working-class and had been in institutional care , ten had premarital pregnancies .
of the sixteen women in their survey who were [now] working-class and had been in institutional care , ten had premarital pregnancies .

Two others ( of the sixteen ) were also depressed , so out of the nine who had been in care and were currently depressed , seven had also had premarital pregnancies .
two others ( of the sixteen ) were also depressed , so out of the nine who had been in care and were [now] depressed , seven had also had premarital pregnancies .

Schizophrenia is also currently defined as a functional psychosis .
schizophrenia is also [now] defined as a functional psychosis .

This means that people who have suffered or are currently suffering from schizophrenia need to be able to withdraw from arousing circumstances , but that the extreme understimulation which could sometimes be found in an old-fashioned mental hospital should equally be avoided .
this means that people who have suffered or are [now] suffering from schizophrenia need to be able to withdraw from arousing circumstances , but that the extreme understimulation which could sometimes be found in an old-fashioned mental hospital should equally be avoided .

it would follow from these findings that the children currently being referred to clinics for anti-social behaviour are the group for whom successful intervention is the more urgently needed , to prevent personal misery for them as adults , for their spouses and children , and for the persons whom they will rob or swindle .
it would follow from these findings that the children [now] being referred to clinics for anti-social behaviour are the group for whom successful intervention is the more urgently needed , to prevent personal misery for them as adults , for their spouses and children , and for the persons whom they will rob or swindle .

In fact several projects of this nature are currently operating and are having considerable success in improving the social , emotional and educational environment of the home ( see chapter 9 ) .
in fact several projects of this nature are [now] operating and are having considerable success in improving the social , emotional and educational environment of the home ( see chapter 9 ) .

She reports that while only a small proportion of all eighteen-year-olds live independently , a majority of those reared in care have to do so , and these are often ill-prepared , have meagre financial help and currently have limited prospects of finding work .
she reports that while only a small proportion of all eighteen-year-olds live independently , a majority of those reared in care have to do so , and these are often ill-prepared , have meagre financial help and [now] have limited prospects of finding work .

However , many organisations could improve their preventive role by developing their out-reach methods and strengthening links with general practitioners and health visitors or other professional groups likely to have information on people currently facing those events .
however , many organisations could improve their preventive role by developing their out-reach methods and strengthening links with general practitioners and health visitors or other professional groups likely to have information on people [now] facing those events .

The so-called ‘ fantastic fans , at the theatre of dreams ’ are currently going on the rampage in Istanbul .
the so-called ‘ fantastic fans , at the theatre of dreams ’ are [now] going on the rampage in istanbul .

The plus points of the season so far though are the introduction of Gary Kelly at right back who is currently playing very well and hopefully will prove less frail in defence than the venerable Mel Sterland was .
the plus points of the season so far though are the introduction of gary kelly at right back who is [now] playing very well and hopefully will prove less frail in defence than the venerable mel sterland was .

The short answer is that several of the routes have been identified in fluid transition experiments , but that the significance of this for transition in general is currently very uncertain .
the short answer is that several of the routes have been identified in fluid transition experiments , but that the significance of this for transition in general is [now] very uncertain .

‘ Design Now ’ takes the form of changing contemporary displays ; currently there is an exhibition of the Catalan designer Javier Mariscal .
‘ design now ’ takes the form of changing contemporary displays ; [now] there is an exhibition of the catalan designer javier mariscal .

Manchester-based Roxy Walsh is currently showing new work at two venues in the city : with a solo show , Blush , at Cornerhouse and a selection on small works at the Design Centre .
manchester-based roxy walsh is [now] showing new work at two venues in the city : with a solo show , blush , at cornerhouse and a selection on small works at the design centre .

According to teletext , he is set to move for 2.7 million , text also says that it is a boardroom decision to sell him , he is currently in talks with Kenny daglesh .
according to teletext , he is set to move for 2.7 million , text also says that it is a boardroom decision to sell him , he is [now] in talks with kenny daglesh .

List membership is currently about 60 people , worldwide .
list membership is [now] about 60 people , worldwide .

For example , if interest rates are currently 12 per cent on other equivalent assets , a £100 000 bill will be sold for approximately £97 000 , which will earn the purchaser an approximately 3 per cent rate of discount over the three months , which is equivalent to approximately 12 per cent per annum .
for example , if interest rates are [now] 12 per cent on other equivalent assets , a £100 000 bill will be sold for approximately £97 000 , which will earn the purchaser an approximately 3 per cent rate of discount over the three months , which is equivalent to approximately 12 per cent per annum .

The 235,000 sq ft , eight storey medical office building with a 1,500 space car park , is the fourth contract McDevitt Street Bovis are currently carrying out for Presbyterian Hospital , and is on behalf of the Nalle Clinic , a local group of 85 multi-disciplined doctors .
the 235,000 sq ft , eight storey medical office building with a 1,500 space car park , is the fourth contract mcdevitt street bovis are [now] carrying out for presbyterian hospital , and is on behalf of the nalle clinic , a local group of 85 multi-disciplined doctors .

The market for this type of contract is currently highly volatile and never predictable .
the market for this type of contract is [now] highly volatile and never predictable .

It begins from the premiss that English singers performing a cappella are currently able to give exceptional performances of medieval and Renaissance polyphony from England and the Franco-Flemish area because the ability of the best English singers to achieve a purity and precision instilled by the discipline of repeated a cappella singing in the choral institutions is singularly appropriate to the transparency and intricate counterpoint of the music .
it begins from the premiss that english singers performing a cappella are [now] able to give exceptional performances of medieval and renaissance polyphony from england and the franco-flemish area because the ability of the best english singers to achieve a purity and precision instilled by the discipline of repeated a cappella singing in the choral institutions is singularly appropriate to the transparency and intricate counterpoint of the music .

All have doctorates in musicology from either Cambridge or Oxford ; two are currently associated with King 's College , Cambridge ( where the wellsprings of the English a cappella renaissance are to be found ) , and one has taught for several Oxford colleges that are also medieval choral foundations .
all have doctorates in musicology from either cambridge or oxford ; two are [now] associated with king 's college , cambridge ( where the wellsprings of the english a cappella renaissance are to be found ) , and one has taught for several oxford colleges that are also medieval choral foundations .

And most important of all , we will use the best of the World Service programmes like ‘ Newshour ’ — to enable people here to hear what is currently only available abroad .
and most important of all , we will use the best of the world service programmes like ‘ newshour ’ — to enable people here to hear what is [now] only available abroad .

She was n't sure her currently fragile ego could withstand much of Tara .
she was n't sure her [now] fragile ego could withstand much of tara .

‘ Jamie 's currently under arrest for assault , ’ said Damian Flint in a cool , hard voice .
‘ jamie 's [now] under arrest for assault , ’ said damian flint in a cool , hard voice .

‘ So how do you feel about the fact that a ring is currently operating in the club ? ’
‘ so how do you feel about the fact that a ring is [now] operating in the club ? ’

His prophecy had proved to be correct , for the trade he brought her way currently accounted for a good thirty per cent of her income .
his prophecy had proved to be correct , for the trade he brought her way [now] accounted for a good thirty per cent of her income .

Of the large number of individual faults ( Figure 3.27 just shows some of the major ones ) only a few are currently regarded as being active , although others have been active in the recent past .
of the large number of individual faults ( figure 3.27 just shows some of the major ones ) only a few are [now] regarded as being active , although others have been active in the recent past .

On the basis of an estimated 10 per cent of the Earth 's surface currently being part of a hot-spot swell it has been calculated that on average hot-spot epeirogeny should affect a particular area of crust about every 600 Ma .
on the basis of an estimated 10 per cent of the earth 's surface [now] being part of a hot-spot swell it has been calculated that on average hot-spot epeirogeny should affect a particular area of crust about every 600 ma .

The two rifts in the Benue Trough in Nigeria went through a phase of opening followed by later closing , and of the remaining rifts ten became inactive before the spreading stage and nine are currently active and may spread in the future .
the two rifts in the benue trough in nigeria went through a phase of opening followed by later closing , and of the remaining rifts ten became inactive before the spreading stage and nine are [now] active and may spread in the future .

The island of Hawaii itself is currently active and shows little sign of erosion ( Fig .
the island of hawaii itself is [now] active and shows little sign of erosion ( fig .

Currently ( 1993 ) there are some twenty million users worldwide of the most commonly used electronic network , Internet , a figure that is growing at a rate of ten percent per month .
[now] ( 1993 ) there are some twenty million users worldwide of the most commonly used electronic network , internet , a figure that is growing at a rate of ten percent per month .

No structure is in place for gathering the data , no co-operation currently exists between government officials , no information exists to assist with access , and there are no statutory bodies or even adequate laws to protect machine-readable records from loss .
no structure is in place for gathering the data , no co-operation [now] exists between government officials , no information exists to assist with access , and there are no statutory bodies or even adequate laws to protect machine-readable records from loss .

Recent developments in organisational theory , currently in vogue with many large corporations , suggest that hierarchical organisations are slow to respond to change , can limit the optimisation of staff potential and have high fixed costs .
recent developments in organisational theory , [now] in vogue with many large corporations , suggest that hierarchical organisations are slow to respond to change , can limit the optimisation of staff potential and have high fixed costs .

Almost 45 % of large companies currently have office systems installed .
almost 45 % of large companies [now] have office systems installed .

This is currently an unresolved debate .
this is [now] an unresolved debate .

Those currently proposed are as follows :
those [now] proposed are as follows :

English law has special provisions to allow for computer records to be admitted , however , it is currently uncertain whether the conditions apply to all computer evidence or only when admitted as hearsay . The Civil Evidence Act 1968 , Section 5 states :
english law has special provisions to allow for computer records to be admitted , however , it is [now] uncertain whether the conditions apply to all computer evidence or only when admitted as hearsay . the civil evidence act 1968 , section 5 states :

The Law Commission is currently considering recommendations to alter the legislation to more accurately reflect the position of computers in modern business .
the law commission is [now] considering recommendations to alter the legislation to more accurately reflect the position of computers in modern business .

The Convention has currently been ratified by 14 European states .
the convention has [now] been ratified by 14 european states .

To assess the likely impact of electronic media on the business historian , it is first necessary to understand which of the three layers of information are of most interest , which are tangible , and which are currently being preserved .
to assess the likely impact of electronic media on the business historian , it is first necessary to understand which of the three layers of information are of most interest , which are tangible , and which are [now] being preserved .

Currently the best way to capture this information is through oral history programs .
[now] the best way to capture this information is through oral history programs .

Unlike the vast majority of computer-using social scientists , a basic difference lies in the fact that currently the work of the historian focuses around the computerization of documentary sources originally compiled for manual purposes .
unlike the vast majority of computer-using social scientists , a basic difference lies in the fact that [now] the work of the historian focuses around the computerization of documentary sources originally compiled for manual purposes .

Guidelines for the documentation of machine-readable files have already been suggested for historians currently generating computerised transcripts of historical source materials , and the adaptation of these may prove to be very beneficial .
guidelines for the documentation of machine-readable files have already been suggested for historians [now] generating computerised transcripts of historical source materials , and the adaptation of these may prove to be very beneficial .

Currently , much of the archival work reconstructing the administrative framework of the deposited documents is carried out retrospective to their creation .
[now] , much of the archival work reconstructing the administrative framework of the deposited documents is carried out retrospective to their creation .

The problem of documentation is further confounded when one considers the nature and range of electronic documents currently being produced .
the problem of documentation is further confounded when one considers the nature and range of electronic documents [now] being produced .

Most of his jokes turned on his posterior and the various crises for which he was having to see whatever proctologist he was currently consulting .
most of his jokes turned on his posterior and the various crises for which he was having to see whatever proctologist he was [now] consulting .

It was n't easy for him to make new friends , particularly outside of whatever cast list he was currently a part , but occasionally it happened — as during the run of One Over The Eight .
it was n't easy for him to make new friends , particularly outside of whatever cast list he was [now] a part , but occasionally it happened — as during the run of one over the eight .

Insiders are those workers who are currently employed and who are in a position to exercise considerable muscle in the wage bargaining process owing to the major discontinuity between the skills possessed by insiders and the skills possessed by outsiders .
insiders are those workers who are [now] employed and who are in a position to exercise considerable muscle in the wage bargaining process owing to the major discontinuity between the skills possessed by insiders and the skills possessed by outsiders .

Conduct money must be sufficient to cover cost of travelling each way and , in addition , a sum specified currently as £15.00 for a police officer or £21.50 for anyone else for compensation for loss of time , but there is provision for increase and updating ; the amounts are specified in the costs appendices .
conduct money must be sufficient to cover cost of travelling each way and , in addition , a sum specified [now] as £15.00 for a police officer or £21.50 for anyone else for compensation for loss of time , but there is provision for increase and updating ; the amounts are specified in the costs appendices .

Even if the application is dismissed , the tenant 's tenancy will continue for a further three months plus time for appeal , which is currently four weeks .
even if the application is dismissed , the tenant 's tenancy will continue for a further three months plus time for appeal , which is [now] four weeks .

The Court of Appeal , with its considerable case-load of appeals in personal injury actions and the relatively recent experience of many of its members in trying such cases themselves is , generally speaking , the tribunal best qualified to set the guide-lines for judges currently trying such actions .
the court of appeal , with its considerable case-load of appeals in personal injury actions and the relatively recent experience of many of its members in trying such cases themselves is , generally speaking , the tribunal best qualified to set the guide-lines for judges [now] trying such actions .

It is currently a prerequisite of a qualifying corporate bond that it is expressed in sterling and contains no provision for conversion into , or redemption in , a currency other than sterling .
it is [now] a prerequisite of a qualifying corporate bond that it is expressed in sterling and contains no provision for conversion into , or redemption in , a currency other than sterling .

The Yellow Book is currently being revised and the existing edition is due to be entirely replaced .
the yellow book is [now] being revised and the existing edition is due to be entirely replaced .

In Spring Fever — The Precarious Future of Britain 's Flora and Fauna , he warns that species as varied as bluebells , mountain hares and the great raft spider — currently the subject of a reintroduction programme by English Nature — will be among the casualties .
in spring fever — the precarious future of britain 's flora and fauna , he warns that species as varied as bluebells , mountain hares and the great raft spider — [now] the subject of a reintroduction programme by english nature — will be among the casualties .

Native species which are currently concentrated within isolated protected sites — such as nature reserves and sites of special scientific interest — will become increasingly inbred and unable to adapt to climate change through evolution .
native species which are [now] concentrated within isolated protected sites — such as nature reserves and sites of special scientific interest — will become increasingly inbred and unable to adapt to climate change through evolution .

In his assessment of the problem Hauge also points to the fate of some 118 nuclear vessels currently stationed at the Russian port of Murmansk .
in his assessment of the problem hauge also points to the fate of some 118 nuclear vessels [now] stationed at the russian port of murmansk .

Currently an estimated 1,600 vessels carrying fuels and other hazardous materials pass through the strait annually .
[now] an estimated 1,600 vessels carrying fuels and other hazardous materials pass through the strait annually .

Currently , 95 per cent of this growth is in the developing world , and by 2020 , 84 per cent of the global population will live in the poorer nations .
[now] , 95 per cent of this growth is in the developing world , and by 2020 , 84 per cent of the global population will live in the poorer nations .

Scientists from the Oxford-based Water Research Centre estimate that the new standard is currently exceeded in around 4 million homes in Britain , and that meeting it will require removing all lead piping from homes .
scientists from the oxford-based water research centre estimate that the new standard is [now] exceeded in around 4 million homes in britain , and that meeting it will require removing all lead piping from homes .

Currently only 3 per cent of households in England and Wales have a water meter .
[now] only 3 per cent of households in england and wales have a water meter .

Officials have acknowledged that currently 38 sites polluted with chemicals from heating fuel , petrol , diesel and solvents are being cleaned up .
officials have acknowledged that [now] 38 sites polluted with chemicals from heating fuel , petrol , diesel and solvents are being cleaned up .

The Pentagon is currently drawing up a new list of project proposals , to be evaluated by a scientific advisory committee .
the pentagon is [now] drawing up a new list of project proposals , to be evaluated by a scientific advisory committee .

Green party annual income is about £250,000 a year , and membership is currently rising .
green party annual income is about £250,000 a year , and membership is [now] rising .

The proportion of broadleaved trees , which currently account for 46 per cent of new plantings , is planned to increase , partly as a result of financial incentives for the private sector under the woodland grant scheme .
the proportion of broadleaved trees , which [now] account for 46 per cent of new plantings , is planned to increase , partly as a result of financial incentives for the private sector under the woodland grant scheme .

However , a new road , currently under construction , linking Brazil with the Guyana coast , is threatening to bring gold miners and slash-and-burn settlers into the reserve from Brazil .
however , a new road , [now] under construction , linking brazil with the guyana coast , is threatening to bring gold miners and slash-and-burn settlers into the reserve from brazil .

Wolves prey on small deer and would therefore keep down Germany 's huge game stocks , which currently have to be culled by hunters .
wolves prey on small deer and would therefore keep down germany 's huge game stocks , which [now] have to be culled by hunters .

France currently produces around 800,000 tonnes of plastic waste per year , accounting for 4 per cent of household waste .
france [now] produces around 800,000 tonnes of plastic waste per year , accounting for 4 per cent of household waste .

Guatemala 's Minister of Energy and Mines has announced a plan to set up a series of solar generating stations in rural areas currently without electricity , and similar initiatives are being considered by the governments of El Salvador and Panama .
guatemala 's minister of energy and mines has announced a plan to set up a series of solar generating stations in rural areas [now] without electricity , and similar initiatives are being considered by the governments of el salvador and panama .

Taiwan , which has three nuclear power plants , currently stores radioactive waste on a small island off the southeastern coast .
taiwan , which has three nuclear power plants , [now] stores radioactive waste on a small island off the southeastern coast .

The farms affected , which currently have to throw away their milk , will be compensated under the " polluter pays " principle , once the source of the contamination has been conclusively established .
the farms affected , which [now] have to throw away their milk , will be compensated under the " polluter pays " principle , once the source of the contamination has been conclusively established .

Local press reports suggest that forest reserves are currently being exploited four times faster than the law allows .
local press reports suggest that forest reserves are [now] being exploited four times faster than the law allows .

Britain is currently one of the few countries in the world where so-called `` gene food `` is already on sale .
britain is [now] one of the few countries in the world where so-called `` gene food `` is already on sale .

The process of soil loss through wind erosion accelerates during droughts , and Southern Africa is currently experiencing the worst this century .
the process of soil loss through wind erosion accelerates during droughts , and southern africa is [now] experiencing the worst this century .

The revenue from the tax , currently around £1.2 billion per year , is intended to subsidize projects using alternative fuel sources , but at the moment more than 90 per cent goes to the nuclear industry ( which is why the tax is often called the `` nuclear levy `` ) .
the revenue from the tax , [now] around £1.2 billion per year , is intended to subsidize projects using alternative fuel sources , but at the moment more than 90 per cent goes to the nuclear industry ( which is why the tax is often called the `` nuclear levy `` ) .

There are currently no statutory means to enforce their protection .
there are [now] no statutory means to enforce their protection .

There are currently 17 expeditions on Everest — the most there has ever been at one time .
there are [now] 17 expeditions on everest — the most there has ever been at one time .

The centre is currently attempting to find appropriate sites overseas .
the centre is [now] attempting to find appropriate sites overseas .

This aims to reduce the mounting flood of household refuse , which currently stands at 70 million tonnes a year .
this aims to reduce the mounting flood of household refuse , which [now] stands at 70 million tonnes a year .

The Chinese government has announced new policies to deal with the growing water shortage — currently estimated at around 10 million cubic metres per day — in the country 's 514 cities .
the chinese government has announced new policies to deal with the growing water shortage — [now] estimated at around 10 million cubic metres per day — in the country 's 514 cities .

And since extraction for horticulture currently presents the main threat to the bogs , it calls for a major initiative to encourage the use of peat-free growing media and soil conditions .
and since extraction for horticulture [now] presents the main threat to the bogs , it calls for a major initiative to encourage the use of peat-free growing media and soil conditions .

The government is currently considering building facilities for processing liquid radioactive waste and other measures to end dumping at sea by 1995 .
the government is [now] considering building facilities for processing liquid radioactive waste and other measures to end dumping at sea by 1995 .

The protocol currently calls for the elimination of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , halons and some other ozone-depleting chemicals by the year 2000 .
the protocol [now] calls for the elimination of chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) , halons and some other ozone-depleting chemicals by the year 2000 .

Instead , it is to concentrate on reducing water demand , currently rising at a rate of 1 per cent a year .
instead , it is to concentrate on reducing water demand , [now] rising at a rate of 1 per cent a year .

The aim of the original Commission directive was to reduce the vast amounts of waste currently being buried in landfill sites .
the aim of the original commission directive was to reduce the vast amounts of waste [now] being buried in landfill sites .

There are currently 650 , though the number can and does vary .
there are [now] 650 , though the number can and does vary .

The subscription price — currently £14.70 — will be charged to your account annually until you cancel .
the subscription price — [now] £14.70 — will be charged to your account annually until you cancel .

Seen from this vantage point , those microprocessor-based products whose introduction into non-domestic premises the British Government is currently endorsing appear as more than a simple technical solution to a particular economic problem — the conservation of energy .
seen from this vantage point , those microprocessor-based products whose introduction into non-domestic premises the british government is [now] endorsing appear as more than a simple technical solution to a particular economic problem — the conservation of energy .

What kind of jokes are currently in fashion ?
what kind of jokes are [now] in fashion ?

This is particularly important when you realise that only 30 % of West Belfast residents who are currently working actually work in West Belfast .
this is particularly important when you realise that only 30 % of west belfast residents who are [now] working actually work in west belfast .

Yet no guarantees exist and funding for trained advice workers is virtually non-existent , this is in the face of 25 enterprise agencies currently working in the area .
yet no guarantees exist and funding for trained advice workers is virtually non-existent , this is in the face of 25 enterprise agencies [now] working in the area .

Currently in Britain , private companies are taking over the running of the big training schemes .
[now] in britain , private companies are taking over the running of the big training schemes .

Currently the main source of permanent employment for women in West Belfast ‘ lucky ’ enough to get a job is public sector employment and this is generally part-time and low-paid .
[now] the main source of permanent employment for women in west belfast ‘ lucky ’ enough to get a job is public sector employment and this is generally part-time and low-paid .

With the current policies of privatisation being pursued by the government , women are most adversely affected ; 80 % of the jobs currently under threat are women 's jobs .
with the current policies of privatisation being pursued by the government , women are most adversely affected ; 80 % of the jobs [now] under threat are women 's jobs .

There are currently only two workplace nurseries in the North — Queen 's University and the Royal Victoria Hospital — but the irony is that even in this extremely limited provision most women workers can not afford to use these facilities .
there are [now] only two workplace nurseries in the north — queen 's university and the royal victoria hospital — but the irony is that even in this extremely limited provision most women workers can not afford to use these facilities .

The re-opening of eight of the National Museum of Wales 's art galleries in 1990 marked the completion of the first phase of the £24 million development programme currently under way .
the re-opening of eight of the national museum of wales 's art galleries in 1990 marked the completion of the first phase of the £24 million development programme [now] under way .

It is currently a popular picnic area and vantage point for the lower valley providing magnificent views over lush countryside .
it is [now] a popular picnic area and vantage point for the lower valley providing magnificent views over lush countryside .

Nearby is Middleton Hall , whose gardens are freely open to the public and are currently being examined for development as a Welsh National Botanical site .
nearby is middleton hall , whose gardens are freely open to the public and are [now] being examined for development as a welsh national botanical site .

Restaurants , antique and craft shops can be found in and around the township and in addition to the Castle currently undergoing environmental works , visitors are intrigued by the thriving ancient Corporation with its Portreeve , Jury and Common Attorney etc .
restaurants , antique and craft shops can be found in and around the township and in addition to the castle [now] undergoing environmental works , visitors are intrigued by the thriving ancient corporation with its portreeve , jury and common attorney etc .

Castles can be explored at Llansteffan and Newcastle Emlyn in particular although a fine Castle gateway and some exposed walls can be seen at Carmarthen , with Laugharne Castle currently closed for environmental works .
castles can be explored at llansteffan and newcastle emlyn in particular although a fine castle gateway and some exposed walls can be seen at carmarthen , with laugharne castle [now] closed for environmental works .

These recipes are being currently hawked around by , respectively , the publicity agents of Guinness and of the Trappist monks who own the Port-du-Salut cheese factory in North-Western France .
these recipes are being [now] hawked around by , respectively , the publicity agents of guinness and of the trappist monks who own the port-du-salut cheese factory in north-western france .

The resumption of any form of whaling would prove an embarrassment to the Norwegian fisheries minister , Oddrunn Pettersen , who is currently lurching from crisis to crisis .
the resumption of any form of whaling would prove an embarrassment to the norwegian fisheries minister , oddrunn pettersen , who is [now] lurching from crisis to crisis .

For example , Norway is currently stockpiling 30,000 tons of ranched salmon that the rest of the world refuses to buy .
for example , norway is [now] stockpiling 30,000 tons of ranched salmon that the rest of the world refuses to buy .

Fleury told the Collector that his brother-in-law , General Dunstaple , who had married Miss Hughes that was , still lived in India and was currently , according to their most recent mail , shooting tigers in Nepal .
fleury told the collector that his brother-in-law , general dunstaple , who had married miss hughes that was , still lived in india and was [now] , according to their most recent mail , shooting tigers in nepal .

Deutsch and Budwig ( 1983 ) , for example , found that children often used their own names in two-word utterances when they talked about objects currently in their possession , but a pronoun like me or my when they were claiming something not yet in their hands .
deutsch and budwig ( 1983 ) , for example , found that children often used their own names in two-word utterances when they talked about objects [now] in their possession , but a pronoun like me or my when they were claiming something not yet in their hands .

He suggested that Reginald McKenna , Asquith 's last Chancellor , who was currently out of Parliament and chairman of the Midland Bank , should be approached instead .
he suggested that reginald mckenna , asquith 's last chancellor , who was [now] out of parliament and chairman of the midland bank , should be approached instead .

• Winners receive an anniversary set from Pyrex , currently celebrating their seventy-fifth birthday .
• winners receive an anniversary set from pyrex , [now] celebrating their seventy-fifth birthday .

We 're not in any way condoning chain letters — they 're silly , irresponsible and should never be taken seriously . But this one currently doing the rounds did make us chuckle :
we 're not in any way condoning chain letters — they 're silly , irresponsible and should never be taken seriously . but this one [now] doing the rounds did make us chuckle :

Charge times currently range from about 12 hours to 5 minutes .
charge times [now] range from about 12 hours to 5 minutes .

It is inaccurate , although currently fashionable , to talk of the `` male menopause `` .
it is inaccurate , although [now] fashionable , to talk of the `` male menopause `` .

This calls for an act of the imagination , in foreseeing the ways in which the enquiry is likely to develop , the types of information necessary , the reading ages and levels of attainment of the students in relation to what is currently available , and the weaknesses of the collection as it stands in relation to this analysis .
this calls for an act of the imagination , in foreseeing the ways in which the enquiry is likely to develop , the types of information necessary , the reading ages and levels of attainment of the students in relation to what is [now] available , and the weaknesses of the collection as it stands in relation to this analysis .

Many North American studies record lower rates of infarction than the currently illustrated British experience .
many north american studies record lower rates of infarction than the [now] illustrated british experience .

Do you really believe that the performance appraisal system ( currently so fashionable ) is helping achieve profit ?
do you really believe that the performance appraisal system ( [now] so fashionable ) is helping achieve profit ?

It is just to be cautious about carrying ideas far beyond the regimes in which they have currently been tested .
it is just to be cautious about carrying ideas far beyond the regimes in which they have [now] been tested .

Much of the body of the Report , in contrast , takes the form of a discourse on the nation rather than the state ; indeed , the opening section of the chapter currently under discussion is subtitled `` Literature and the nation `` .
much of the body of the report , in contrast , takes the form of a discourse on the nation rather than the state ; indeed , the opening section of the chapter [now] under discussion is subtitled `` literature and the nation `` .

Currently , there is an enormous need to use communication to heighten male leadership 's understanding of the importance of accepting women on an equal basis in development .
[now] , there is an enormous need to use communication to heighten male leadership 's understanding of the importance of accepting women on an equal basis in development .

The case is currently being reviewed by the Fraud Squad , who are preparing questionnaires for creditors in order to assess the extent of the problem .
the case is [now] being reviewed by the fraud squad , who are preparing questionnaires for creditors in order to assess the extent of the problem .

Team — Shows which team is currently displayed .
team — shows which team is [now] displayed .

Icon display — displays currently selected icon , funnily enough !
icon display — displays [now] selected icon , funnily enough !

There will be no sections for the different media : the crossing of borders artistic , national , and generational is one of the founders ' main intentions , and the projects currently being planned are all multi-media .
there will be no sections for the different media : the crossing of borders artistic , national , and generational is one of the founders ' main intentions , and the projects [now] being planned are all multi-media .

Other candidates currently under consideration are Carl Andre , Richard Long , Brice Marden and Bruce Nauman .
other candidates [now] under consideration are carl andre , richard long , brice marden and bruce nauman .

The Church in Latvia is currently experiencing a major revival .
the church in latvia is [now] experiencing a major revival .

Ken Benjamin , the West Indian fast bowler , is currently the favourite as Worcestershire 's 1993 acquisition .
ken benjamin , the west indian fast bowler , is [now] the favourite as worcestershire 's 1993 acquisition .

The adversarial system of procedure currently in use confines the judge to a passive umpiring role and gives no real scope for the gathering of evidence which the parties do not wish to present .
the adversarial system of procedure [now] in use confines the judge to a passive umpiring role and gives no real scope for the gathering of evidence which the parties do not wish to present .

Catholic journalists and broadcasters in Uganda have proposed that the country 's new constitution currently under preparation should guarantee media freedom .
catholic journalists and broadcasters in uganda have proposed that the country 's new constitution [now] under preparation should guarantee media freedom .

Currently , Televisa is the largest communications corporation in the developing world .
[now] , televisa is the largest communications corporation in the developing world .

The 1992 edition supplies a digest of all books and publications that are currently available from the General Secretariat in person or by post .
the 1992 edition supplies a digest of all books and publications that are [now] available from the general secretariat in person or by post .

Written by two print scholars , Phillip Dennis Cate of the Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum , Rutgers , and Marianne Grivel , Professor of Art History at the Université de Haute Bretagne and formerly of the Bibliothèque nationale , the book accompanies an exhibition currently at Rutgers before moving to Amsterdam and Paris next year .
written by two print scholars , phillip dennis cate of the jane voorhees zimmerli art museum , rutgers , and marianne grivel , professor of art history at the université de haute bretagne and formerly of the bibliothèque nationale , the book accompanies an exhibition [now] at rutgers before moving to amsterdam and paris next year .

$ 3.5–4.5 million ; £1.8–2.4 million ) and a magnificent Matisse , ‘ L'Asie ’ of 1946 , also currently included in the MoMA ‘ Matisse ’ show , depicting a three-quarter length female model in fur gown holding up a necklace , painted in reds , mauve , pink and gold , estimate on request .
$ 3.5–4.5 million ; £1.8–2.4 million ) and a magnificent matisse , ‘ l'asie ’ of 1946 , also [now] included in the moma ‘ matisse ’ show , depicting a three-quarter length female model in fur gown holding up a necklace , painted in reds , mauve , pink and gold , estimate on request .

The journalist is currently writing a screen adaptation of his recent book Naked by the Window , an exclusive account of the death of Ana Mendieta ( the wife of sculptor Carl André ) , who fell from a New York balcony .
the journalist is [now] writing a screen adaptation of his recent book naked by the window , an exclusive account of the death of ana mendieta ( the wife of sculptor carl andré ) , who fell from a new york balcony .

Now , the suite of period rooms will adjoin galleries with mid- to late-eighteenth-century paintings , as well as a number of tapestries and decorative arts which are currently not on display .
now , the suite of period rooms will adjoin galleries with mid- to late-eighteenth-century paintings , as well as a number of tapestries and decorative arts which are [now] not on display .

It is following the same eclectic exhibition programme in Berlin , where prints by Willem de Kooning and photographs by contemporary Spanish photographer , Alberto Sommer are currently on view .
it is following the same eclectic exhibition programme in berlin , where prints by willem de kooning and photographs by contemporary spanish photographer , alberto sommer are [now] on view .

The report added that the almost total blackout on the issue in the press ‘ speaks volumes for the apathy , fear and misguidedness currently existing in this country ’ .
the report added that the almost total blackout on the issue in the press ‘ speaks volumes for the apathy , fear and misguidedness [now] existing in this country ’ .

The heightened interest in underwater archaeology caused by the find of the Brindisi bronzes has prompted the new Ministro per i Beni Culturali , Alberto Ronchey , to propose changes in the law : first , to extend the limit of Italian territorial waters beyond the six miles off the coast currently in force and beyond the seabed on the continental shelf ( no distance has yet been specified ) ; second , to consider allocating underwater ‘ concessions ’ to non-government teams who would take a course in the theory and practice of underwater excavation and make up the shortfall in trained divers .
the heightened interest in underwater archaeology caused by the find of the brindisi bronzes has prompted the new ministro per i beni culturali , alberto ronchey , to propose changes in the law : first , to extend the limit of italian territorial waters beyond the six miles off the coast [now] in force and beyond the seabed on the continental shelf ( no distance has yet been specified ) ; second , to consider allocating underwater ‘ concessions ’ to non-government teams who would take a course in the theory and practice of underwater excavation and make up the shortfall in trained divers .

This aims to bring the reflections of literary and cultural historians to bear on photographic portraits and how they are ‘ read ’ historically in the context of their production , potential viewers and currently fashionable theories .
this aims to bring the reflections of literary and cultural historians to bear on photographic portraits and how they are ‘ read ’ historically in the context of their production , potential viewers and [now] fashionable theories .

Such a client pool could best be exploited by setting up sales within the country rather than wooing clients to bid at international level , which is currently their approach in Korea , another target area in their long-term world-wide strategy .
such a client pool could best be exploited by setting up sales within the country rather than wooing clients to bid at international level , which is [now] their approach in korea , another target area in their long-term world-wide strategy .

Many of these works are in a poor state of conservation and would benefit , according to Mr Thompson , from a transfer into fresh ownership ( probably private rather than public , as Indian national museums are currently badly underfunded ) .
many of these works are in a poor state of conservation and would benefit , according to mr thompson , from a transfer into fresh ownership ( probably private rather than public , as indian national museums are [now] badly underfunded ) .

Eighteen paintings , the majority previously unpublished , include works by Agostino Carracci , a Ribera ‘ Portrait of a Man ’ currently showing in the Ribera exhibition at the Metropolitan , a sketch for the Brera San Carlo Borromeo altarpiece by Procaccini and a ‘ Christ on the Mount of Olives ’ by Preti .
eighteen paintings , the majority previously unpublished , include works by agostino carracci , a ribera ‘ portrait of a man ’ [now] showing in the ribera exhibition at the metropolitan , a sketch for the brera san carlo borromeo altarpiece by procaccini and a ‘ christ on the mount of olives ’ by preti .

New cessation aids currently being tested include a nicotine nasal spray and a transdermal nicotine patch .
new cessation aids [now] being tested include a nicotine nasal spray and a transdermal nicotine patch .

The seminar , to be organised in Santiago , Chile , 4–8 October , will draw on the rich variety of communication experiences and social movements currently flourishing in Chilean society .
the seminar , to be organised in santiago , chile , 4–8 october , will draw on the rich variety of communication experiences and social movements [now] flourishing in chilean society .

Many clients can become frustrated by this fact , believing that there must be some very significant detail in their past which has caused them to become anxious or stressed currently .
many clients can become frustrated by this fact , believing that there must be some very significant detail in their past which has caused them to become anxious or stressed [now] .

During the assessment phase it is very important that the client must attempt to specify any particular situations or difficulties which create problems currently and which in the past may have led to avoidance .
during the assessment phase it is very important that the client must attempt to specify any particular situations or difficulties which create problems [now] and which in the past may have led to avoidance .

An equally serious prospect is now looming as disastrous losses at Lloyd 's mean that Sotheby 's and Christie 's are currently besieged by bankrupt Names ( see The Art Newspaper No .
an equally serious prospect is now looming as disastrous losses at lloyd 's mean that sotheby 's and christie 's are [now] besieged by bankrupt names ( see the art newspaper no .

The lawyers for the Pierre Matisse estate say that they are currently preparing an amended tax declaration and that the State needs to decide what will happen to the picture .
the lawyers for the pierre matisse estate say that they are [now] preparing an amended tax declaration and that the state needs to decide what will happen to the picture .

He also obtained planning permission to build apartments above the auction rooms on Manhattans 's York Avenue ( currently postponed for obvious reasons ) .
he also obtained planning permission to build apartments above the auction rooms on manhattans 's york avenue ( [now] postponed for obvious reasons ) .

If , as it currently appears , it is correct that Western countries have almost no legal means to recuperate stolen works of art from Japan , and as long as Japan refuses to join the Unidroit convention , it will remain impossible to find a conclusive solution to art theft .
if , as it [now] appears , it is correct that western countries have almost no legal means to recuperate stolen works of art from japan , and as long as japan refuses to join the unidroit convention , it will remain impossible to find a conclusive solution to art theft .

In the rooms currently occupied by the Musée des Arts de la Mode ( which will be transferring to the Richelieu wing of the Louvre ) , we shall be presenting an overview of the twentieth century , while the Gallery of Creators on the ground floor , will feature occasional displays of contemporary subjects .
in the rooms [now] occupied by the musée des arts de la mode ( which will be transferring to the richelieu wing of the louvre ) , we shall be presenting an overview of the twentieth century , while the gallery of creators on the ground floor , will feature occasional displays of contemporary subjects .

700 million to buy and convert , a sum provided by the local and national government , who continue to allocate annual funds to cover its running costs ( Pta30 million and 25 million respectively per annum ; there are are currently nineteen staff ) .
700 million to buy and convert , a sum provided by the local and national government , who continue to allocate annual funds to cover its running costs ( pta30 million and 25 million respectively per annum ; there are are [now] nineteen staff ) .

More than a museum devoted to one artist 's work ( like the Museum Picasso , or the Fundació Joan Miró ) , it will be competing for income and audiences with an increasing number of new museums in Barcelona : the stylish Centre d'Art Santa Mònica which cuts a dash on the tourist drag of the Ramblas ; a museum of contemporary art being designed by Richard Meier , to be squeezed into the dense Barri Gotic , as well as the National Museum of Catalan Art up on Montjuic , remodelled by Gae Aulenti , and currently under construction .
more than a museum devoted to one artist 's work ( like the museum picasso , or the fundació joan miró ) , it will be competing for income and audiences with an increasing number of new museums in barcelona : the stylish centre d'art santa mònica which cuts a dash on the tourist drag of the ramblas ; a museum of contemporary art being designed by richard meier , to be squeezed into the dense barri gotic , as well as the national museum of catalan art up on montjuic , remodelled by gae aulenti , and [now] under construction .

Currently , earmarked funds represent approximately 5 % of total Arts Council monies .
[now] , earmarked funds represent approximately 5 % of total arts council monies .

Currently the Commission is , however , considering giving grants towards pilot restoration projects in Venice , invoking the special clause of the structural funds which allows for grants to urban areas outside declining or under-developed regions .
[now] the commission is , however , considering giving grants towards pilot restoration projects in venice , invoking the special clause of the structural funds which allows for grants to urban areas outside declining or under-developed regions .

Professional restorers , art historians and journalists equipped with variable degrees of real technical expertise are currently all equally ready to take up the cudgels in causes of this kind .
professional restorers , art historians and journalists equipped with variable degrees of real technical expertise are [now] all equally ready to take up the cudgels in causes of this kind .

Currently the United States does not have a droit de suite , a law that mandates that artists receive a percentage of the price of a work each time it changes hands .
[now] the united states does not have a droit de suite , a law that mandates that artists receive a percentage of the price of a work each time it changes hands .

This is in striking contrast to the important role they play in the occupational structure : currently some thirty-six per cent of the labour force is female .
this is in striking contrast to the important role they play in the occupational structure : [now] some thirty-six per cent of the labour force is female .

Since a major redevelopment plan is currently being implemented , many areas of slum and semi-slum housing are being demolished and families are moving to new council estates .
since a major redevelopment plan is [now] being implemented , many areas of slum and semi-slum housing are being demolished and families are moving to new council estates .

The report added that the almost total blackout on the issue in the press ‘ speaks volumes for the apathy , fear and misguidedness currently existing in this country ’ .
the report added that the almost total blackout on the issue in the press ‘ speaks volumes for the apathy , fear and misguidedness [now] existing in this country ’ .

That element within the grant is currently £17.80 per week in London ( summer , 1988 ) .
that element within the grant is [now] £17.80 per week in london ( summer , 1988 ) .

Few private tenants in the past have appealed against rent levels for fear of landlord harassment and eviction but the limited controls on rent that currently exist are likely to lessen still further when the Housing Act takes effect .
few private tenants in the past have appealed against rent levels for fear of landlord harassment and eviction but the limited controls on rent that [now] exist are likely to lessen still further when the housing act takes effect .

Clear cross-references , supplemented by a thorough index , allow you to follow up a line of enquiry and to move easily from the text to the line drawings , maps and colour plates — each chosen to represent a particular design or type of rug typical of those currently available — offering instant visual access to the information you need .
clear cross-references , supplemented by a thorough index , allow you to follow up a line of enquiry and to move easily from the text to the line drawings , maps and colour plates — each chosen to represent a particular design or type of rug typical of those [now] available — offering instant visual access to the information you need .

There are several different washes currently in use , but the most common are :
there are several different washes [now] in use , but the most common are :

Contemporary Egyptian rugs are produced in and around Cairo , and represent some of the best quality items , in both wool and silk , currently being produced anywhere in the world .
contemporary egyptian rugs are produced in and around cairo , and represent some of the best quality items , in both wool and silk , [now] being produced anywhere in the world .

Many researchers are currently engaged in the processing of dictionaries in order to extract semantic information and reconstruct it in an alternative ( more accessible ) form ; the objective often being the creation of lexicons for large-scale natural language processing .
many researchers are [now] engaged in the processing of dictionaries in order to extract semantic information and reconstruct it in an alternative ( more accessible ) form ; the objective often being the creation of lexicons for large-scale natural language processing .

Then a list of frames indexed by that theme noun is searched to associate it with any frames currently active ( i.e .
then a list of frames indexed by that theme noun is searched to associate it with any frames [now] active ( i.e .

However , the window size is currently set at four words , and at this distance the difference between the two algorithms is very slight .
however , the window size is [now] set at four words , and at this distance the difference between the two algorithms is very slight .

( It is unlikely that the window size will be changed in the foreseeable future since it currently represents the distance at which collocational information is optimised [ Lancashire , 1987 ] ) .
( it is unlikely that the window size will be changed in the foreseeable future since it [now] represents the distance at which collocational information is optimised [ lancashire , 1987 ] ) .

For example , backward inferences enable a reader to refer some new information in a sentence to something implied by an earlier sentence , and forward inferences allow the reader to embellish the representation of the currently read text , and create expectations about what is to follow [ Clark , 1975 ] .
for example , backward inferences enable a reader to refer some new information in a sentence to something implied by an earlier sentence , and forward inferences allow the reader to embellish the representation of the [now] read text , and create expectations about what is to follow [ clark , 1975 ] .

The University Card can be used exactly like any other credit card , in particular the card is currently free for the first six months .
the university card can be used exactly like any other credit card , in particular the card is [now] free for the first six months .

As we would eventually like our practice to be run by qualified Russian staff , we are currently training groups of Russian students to become qualified accountants .
as we would eventually like our practice to be run by qualified russian staff , we are [now] training groups of russian students to become qualified accountants .

Applications for undergraduate study in the Department have been increasing over the past few years and are currently four times the number of places available .
applications for undergraduate study in the department have been increasing over the past few years and are [now] four times the number of places available .

Again , this is no great surprise , as many countries that are enjoying politically-based rejuvenation perform miracles : Germany , Japan and South Korea are three prime examples ; two are currently the most successful economies in the world .
again , this is no great surprise , as many countries that are enjoying politically-based rejuvenation perform miracles : germany , japan and south korea are three prime examples ; two are [now] the most successful economies in the world .

Therefore we are currently reexamining the role of future events of this kind in conjunction with the Students ' Union and the Careers Advisory Service .
therefore we are [now] reexamining the role of future events of this kind in conjunction with the students ' union and the careers advisory service .

In practice this means under our fully independent end to end service measurement arrangements that next day delivery will be achieved for over 9 out of 10 letters within the 100 mile range and currently 8 out of 10 for those travelling longer distances .
in practice this means under our fully independent end to end service measurement arrangements that next day delivery will be achieved for over 9 out of 10 letters within the 100 mile range and [now] 8 out of 10 for those travelling longer distances .

These currently include environmental improvements , community services and youth work .
these [now] include environmental improvements , community services and youth work .

Further development of an assessment tool is needed and is currently being investigated at the Royal Berkshire Hospital .
further development of an assessment tool is needed and is [now] being investigated at the royal berkshire hospital .

As far as wound cleansing is concerned , 93 per cent of leg ulcers were managed in line with research recommendations and no nurses currently used hypochlorites .
as far as wound cleansing is concerned , 93 per cent of leg ulcers were managed in line with research recommendations and no nurses [now] used hypochlorites .

Many new varieties are currently being evaluated in order to widen the range of suitable varieties .
many new varieties are [now] being evaluated in order to widen the range of suitable varieties .

Currently some 3.25 million people in Britain ( 6 % of the population ) are vegetarian and the number is growing as more and more people refuse meat on the grounds of health , humanity and the environment .
[now] some 3.25 million people in britain ( 6 % of the population ) are vegetarian and the number is growing as more and more people refuse meat on the grounds of health , humanity and the environment .

She currently suffers from an impaired memory , partial paralysis on her right side , loss of control of her emotions and partial traumatic epilepsy .
she [now] suffers from an impaired memory , partial paralysis on her right side , loss of control of her emotions and partial traumatic epilepsy .

As steam declines in South Africa they find themselves transferred around various depots and are currently working out of Kimberley .
as steam declines in south africa they find themselves transferred around various depots and are [now] working out of kimberley .

Industry is currently preparing the scheme in co-operation with government and the details will be announced shortly .
industry is [now] preparing the scheme in co-operation with government and the details will be announced shortly .

Spurred on by their success , the organisers are currently putting the finishing touches to this autumn 's events , to be held on the weekends of 12/13th and 19/20th October .
spurred on by their success , the organisers are [now] putting the finishing touches to this autumn 's events , to be held on the weekends of 12/13th and 19/20th october .

The Toggenburg and Saanen Breed Societies are currently negotiating the import of semen to introduce new Swiss blood-lines .
the toggenburg and saanen breed societies are [now] negotiating the import of semen to introduce new swiss blood-lines .

For example , one study showed that if all the bauxite and alumina currently exported were converted into aluminium , Australia 's export value could be tripled ( Australian Manufacturing Council , 1989 ) .
for example , one study showed that if all the bauxite and alumina [now] exported were converted into aluminium , australia 's export value could be tripled ( australian manufacturing council , 1989 ) .

He worked at the British Museum for more than five years ; and is currently a research assistant in the Imperial War Museum 's Dept of Exhibits and Firearms .
he worked at the british museum for more than five years ; and is [now] a research assistant in the imperial war museum 's dept of exhibits and firearms .

Our orders of battle for the British forces of all three services currently deployed in the Gulf are the work of Michael Cox , a specialist compiler of ‘ orbats ’ of many periods .
our orders of battle for the british forces of all three services [now] deployed in the gulf are the work of michael cox , a specialist compiler of ‘ orbats ’ of many periods .

The belief that ‘ meaning is in the text ’ , which represents a particular and currently powerful aspect of the search for ‘ literal meaning ’ , should be treated with the same scepticism with which we confront Luther 's claims .
the belief that ‘ meaning is in the text ’ , which represents a particular and [now] powerful aspect of the search for ‘ literal meaning ’ , should be treated with the same scepticism with which we confront luther 's claims .

Exponents of the ‘ autonomous ’ model of literacy , by searching for absolutes , especially in what is currently limited data , run the danger of having to change their supposition concerning the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of writing every time a new form of literacy practices is identified , which undermines their claims to ‘ universality ’ .
exponents of the ‘ autonomous ’ model of literacy , by searching for absolutes , especially in what is [now] limited data , run the danger of having to change their supposition concerning the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of writing every time a new form of literacy practices is identified , which undermines their claims to ‘ universality ’ .

The burgeoning elderly population may in future be left without levels of support currently provided by relatives , a new report suggests .
the burgeoning elderly population may in future be left without levels of support [now] provided by relatives , a new report suggests .

The six programmes currently in place worldwide vary in their structure as they function within the constraints of their particular national health care systems .
the six programmes [now] in place worldwide vary in their structure as they function within the constraints of their particular national health care systems .

We are currently seeking alternative rapid methods , but the lack of a suitable rapid assay must not be taken as an indication that therapeutic monitoring is unnecessary .
we are [now] seeking alternative rapid methods , but the lack of a suitable rapid assay must not be taken as an indication that therapeutic monitoring is unnecessary .

Women seem to be currently more prone to seek longer-term close relationships with other women than men are with other men .
women seem to be [now] more prone to seek longer-term close relationships with other women than men are with other men .

The pharmaceutical industry is in a pivotal position to address the problem of the continuing high mortality from paracetamol overdose as the addition of an antidote , such as methionine , to all available preparations might prevent every death that currently occurs .
the pharmaceutical industry is in a pivotal position to address the problem of the continuing high mortality from paracetamol overdose as the addition of an antidote , such as methionine , to all available preparations might prevent every death that [now] occurs .

Currently , therefore , the only clear recommendation for treatment is in symptomatic patients .
[now] , therefore , the only clear recommendation for treatment is in symptomatic patients .

At the end of each treatment period each subject 's responses to hypoglycaemia were formally tested by a slow fall hypoglycaemic clamp with soluble insulin of the species the subject was currently taking .
at the end of each treatment period each subject 's responses to hypoglycaemia were formally tested by a slow fall hypoglycaemic clamp with soluble insulin of the species the subject was [now] taking .

Nevertheless , the risk of endometriosis was low in women currently taking oral contraceptives ( relative risk 0.4 ; 95 % confidence interval 0.2 to 0.7 ) , but higher in women who had formerly taken them ( 1.8 ; 1.0 to 3.1 in women who had stopped 25–48 months previously ) compared with women who had never taken the pill .
nevertheless , the risk of endometriosis was low in women [now] taking oral contraceptives ( relative risk 0.4 ; 95 % confidence interval 0.2 to 0.7 ) , but higher in women who had formerly taken them ( 1.8 ; 1.0 to 3.1 in women who had stopped 25–48 months previously ) compared with women who had never taken the pill .

Total duration of oral contraceptive use was unimportant , but a very low rate of endometriosis was found among women currently or recently taking the pill compared with women who had never taken it or had stopped for over 12 months .
total duration of oral contraceptive use was unimportant , but a very low rate of endometriosis was found among women [now] or recently taking the pill compared with women who had never taken it or had stopped for over 12 months .

The strategy is currently being developed by regional health authorities , which have the responsibility to plan a coherent programme .
the strategy is [now] being developed by regional health authorities , which have the responsibility to plan a coherent programme .

While good information is critical for needs assessment , general practice is currently poorly resourced or motivated to provide it , and current guidelines on confidentiality are unclear .
while good information is critical for needs assessment , general practice is [now] poorly resourced or motivated to provide it , and current guidelines on confidentiality are unclear .

Currently in a six month appointment a house officer may be attached to one team of consultants for three months and then change to a second team .
[now] in a six month appointment a house officer may be attached to one team of consultants for three months and then change to a second team .

In response to the question ‘ How do you currently assess the effectiveness of your teaching ?
in response to the question ‘ how do you [now] assess the effectiveness of your teaching ?

Currently , with strong competition from many units throughout Europe for available organs , many patients similar to those described herein would die waiting for a suitable donor organ .
[now] , with strong competition from many units throughout europe for available organs , many patients similar to those described herein would die waiting for a suitable donor organ .

There is a need to protect primary care from becoming a dumping ground for services which need to be provided but which they are currently not resourced to deal with .
there is a need to protect primary care from becoming a dumping ground for services which need to be provided but which they are [now] not resourced to deal with .

This is a challenging model , attempting to allocate 75 % of all district health authority expenditure on services rather than the 20–25 % currently given to practitioners through fundholding .
this is a challenging model , attempting to allocate 75 % of all district health authority expenditure on services rather than the 20–25 % [now] given to practitioners through fundholding .

The logical limits inherent in programs are designed to cater for larger entries than any that currently exist or could conceivably be produced during the design life of the system .
the logical limits inherent in programs are designed to cater for larger entries than any that [now] exist or could conceivably be produced during the design life of the system .

Batch processes are designed to cater for five times as many entries as are currently stored in tables .
batch processes are designed to cater for five times as many entries as are [now] stored in tables .

However , it is not difficult to demand a speed of calculation beyond the performance of currently available microcomputers and teaching programs can easily provoke awkward pauses while the class waits for a calculation to be completed .
however , it is not difficult to demand a speed of calculation beyond the performance of [now] available microcomputers and teaching programs can easily provoke awkward pauses while the class waits for a calculation to be completed .

More than one ex-dealer has claimed that their old firm would still have an employee 's banking details , and would ring the bank to check whether the ex-dealer was currently receiving a direct debit , and if so , from what firm .
more than one ex-dealer has claimed that their old firm would still have an employee 's banking details , and would ring the bank to check whether the ex-dealer was [now] receiving a direct debit , and if so , from what firm .

( c ) The sequence of instructions being executed is to be changed , so that the next instruction to be executed is not the one stored immediately after the instruction currently being executed .
( c ) the sequence of instructions being executed is to be changed , so that the next instruction to be executed is not the one stored immediately after the instruction [now] being executed .

It is a task of the supervisor to select ( from time to time ) the most suitable process to run , according to some strategy , and to switch between the process currently running and the new process .
it is a task of the supervisor to select ( from time to time ) the most suitable process to run , according to some strategy , and to switch between the process [now] running and the new process .

While it is currently in execution , a process occupies certain registers within the processor , certain areas of main storage , and certain transput devices or parts of devices ( such as disc storage areas ) .
while it is [now] in execution , a process occupies certain registers within the processor , certain areas of main storage , and certain transput devices or parts of devices ( such as disc storage areas ) .

Will a curriculum with all the features recommended by Cockcroft have greater relevance than that currently experienced by many pupils ?
will a curriculum with all the features recommended by cockcroft have greater relevance than that [now] experienced by many pupils ?

They are presented in order to illustrate some similarities and differences in the way the Cockcroft recommendations are being interpreted in relation to assessment and are not intended as a review of all the initiatives currently being undertaken .
they are presented in order to illustrate some similarities and differences in the way the cockcroft recommendations are being interpreted in relation to assessment and are not intended as a review of all the initiatives [now] being undertaken .

It is not supposed , however , that such ideas would inevitably bring understanding to all those pupils who currently lack it ; there is always a potential for confusing concepts whatever situations are devised to clarify them .
it is not supposed , however , that such ideas would inevitably bring understanding to all those pupils who [now] lack it ; there is always a potential for confusing concepts whatever situations are devised to clarify them .

Currently , however , graduated assessment is being used more for formative purposes internal to a school where wrong decisions do not have such serious consequences .
[now] , however , graduated assessment is being used more for formative purposes internal to a school where wrong decisions do not have such serious consequences .

As currently conceived graduated tests serve both formative and summative functions .
as [now] conceived graduated tests serve both formative and summative functions .

( ii ) Embryos tend to develop more slowly in vitro in the chemically defined media currently in use than they do in vivo , suggesting that optimal growth and development may require specific factors from the reproductive tract .
( ii ) embryos tend to develop more slowly in vitro in the chemically defined media [now] in use than they do in vivo , suggesting that optimal growth and development may require specific factors from the reproductive tract .

Few markers available currently fulfil all these criteria ( reviewed in 50 ) but some have been successfully applied to the mouse ( see Chapter 6 ) .
few markers available [now] fulfil all these criteria ( reviewed in 50 ) but some have been successfully applied to the mouse ( see chapter 6 ) .

The aim of this chapter will be to describe in detail the currently available techniques for air-drying and spreading of oocytes and spermatocytes in man and the mouse .
the aim of this chapter will be to describe in detail the [now] available techniques for air-drying and spreading of oocytes and spermatocytes in man and the mouse .

The one requirement for the cytogenetic study of mitotic cells is to produce a well spread , flattened metaphase plate as free from overlapping chromosomes as possible . In attempting to achieve this goal , most of the techniques currently used involve the same four essential steps which are :
the one requirement for the cytogenetic study of mitotic cells is to produce a well spread , flattened metaphase plate as free from overlapping chromosomes as possible . in attempting to achieve this goal , most of the techniques [now] used involve the same four essential steps which are :

Currently , the standard idiogram has remained unchanged since its adoption in 1974 , although an updated version is planned for the near future .
[now] , the standard idiogram has remained unchanged since its adoption in 1974 , although an updated version is planned for the near future .

The profit margin in advertising is surprisingly low , currently about 1–2 % .
the profit margin in advertising is surprisingly low , [now] about 1–2 % .

There are currently nearly 50 commercial radio stations where time can be bought , and radio appears to be steadily gaining in popularity and has certainly become increasingly creative , entertaining and often very relevant to the area it serves .
there are [now] nearly 50 commercial radio stations where time can be bought , and radio appears to be steadily gaining in popularity and has certainly become increasingly creative , entertaining and often very relevant to the area it serves .

2 What you are currently working on .
2 what you are [now] working on .

Many schools are currently seeking governors from industry and a Compact employer in this role would bring a particular commitment to the school and its pupils .
many schools are [now] seeking governors from industry and a compact employer in this role would bring a particular commitment to the school and its pupils .

If to this is added the ambitions for growth of services which are currently contained in every Health Authority 's plans , it call be seen that the task is even greater than first imagined .
if to this is added the ambitions for growth of services which are [now] contained in every health authority 's plans , it call be seen that the task is even greater than first imagined .

During the course of the year a number of events are staged for nurses currently in employment .
during the course of the year a number of events are staged for nurses [now] in employment .

In addition to the knowledge of the subject , the nurse will gain the opportunity to meet others who are currently practising and therefore have first-hand knowledge .
in addition to the knowledge of the subject , the nurse will gain the opportunity to meet others who are [now] practising and therefore have first-hand knowledge .

Compile a mailing list of nurses residing in the district who are currently not in the employment of the health authority .
compile a mailing list of nurses residing in the district who are [now] not in the employment of the health authority .

And pictured right is Magnet 's stunning new Walnut kitchen — currently available in selected stores only .
and pictured right is magnet 's stunning new walnut kitchen — [now] available in selected stores only .

Currently , no one collect milk or fruit-juice cartons .
[now] , no one collect milk or fruit-juice cartons .

Although a backbencher he is currently the politician the voters most want to see as prime minister .
although a backbencher he is [now] the politician the voters most want to see as prime minister .

Heseltine is currently in a stronger position than any of them .
heseltine is [now] in a stronger position than any of them .

The media are currently full of the demographic debate and the urgent need to invest in women , ethnic minorities and disabled staff because of predicted labour shortages .
the media are [now] full of the demographic debate and the urgent need to invest in women , ethnic minorities and disabled staff because of predicted labour shortages .

Should anyone have details and/or a copy of any recordings that are not currently available , such information would be greatly appreciated .
should anyone have details and/or a copy of any recordings that are not [now] available , such information would be greatly appreciated .

Moreover , in the course of his research Kaplan uncovered evidence that Mahler himself conducted the movement at a tempo far more brisk than is currently in vogue .
moreover , in the course of his research kaplan uncovered evidence that mahler himself conducted the movement at a tempo far more brisk than is [now] in vogue .

Certainly , none of the 20 or so currently available soloists matches Gilels in the concerto 's slow movement where the playing is astonishing in its absorption and intense , concentrated quiet .
certainly , none of the 20 or so [now] available soloists matches gilels in the concerto 's slow movement where the playing is astonishing in its absorption and intense , concentrated quiet .

In brief Our congratulations to Mordaunt-Short Ltd. , who are currently celebrating 25 years in business .
in brief our congratulations to mordaunt-short ltd. , who are [now] celebrating 25 years in business .

Currently one of pop 's biggest success stories , Kylie has scored no less than fourteen Top 20 singles since her No .
[now] one of pop 's biggest success stories , kylie has scored no less than fourteen top 20 singles since her no .

Signed to the Canadian independent label Stream Records in 1986 , Daniel released a debut album ‘ Good Day Messiah ’ for which he is currently seeking a licensing deal .
signed to the canadian independent label stream records in 1986 , daniel released a debut album ‘ good day messiah ’ for which he is [now] seeking a licensing deal .

And Ireland are currently on starvation rations as regards happy accidents .
and ireland are [now] on starvation rations as regards happy accidents .

But surely that confidence is currently being destroyed with all the allegations about scams and deals and the worst form of exploitation in the highest positions of political power .
but surely that confidence is [now] being destroyed with all the allegations about scams and deals and the worst form of exploitation in the highest positions of political power .

Propaganda in Howard Street are currently selling Michiko Koshim bombers £150 as well as the Nick Coleman and Armand Bassi menswear ranges .
propaganda in howard street are [now] selling michiko koshim bombers £150 as well as the nick coleman and armand bassi menswear ranges .

It should n't be necessary , of course , but there are stations which currently criminally neglect records by Irish artists , and especially those produced locally .
it should n't be necessary , of course , but there are stations which [now] criminally neglect records by irish artists , and especially those produced locally .

Currently undergoing a major expansion — watch this space for developments .
[now] undergoing a major expansion — watch this space for developments .

Brand new stations are also needed sometimes , and an All- weather lifeboat station is currently under evaluation at Portree on the Isle of Skye , while Marazion in Cornwall has an Inshore lifeboat for the first time .
brand new stations are also needed sometimes , and an all- weather lifeboat station is [now] under evaluation at portree on the isle of skye , while marazion in cornwall has an inshore lifeboat for the first time .

There is some concern , however , that we are failing to capture the attention of the under-25s as much as our long term future demands , and steps are currently under way to improve matters .
there is some concern , however , that we are failing to capture the attention of the under-25s as much as our long term future demands , and steps are [now] under way to improve matters .

Over 23,000 new members joined thanks to the 1990 campaign and membership currently stands at 190,000 , with Governors now numbering 29,676 .
over 23,000 new members joined thanks to the 1990 campaign and membership [now] stands at 190,000 , with governors now numbering 29,676 .

Available in 4 m widths , it comes in a choice of 10 colour tints to complement the white paints with a hint of colour currently available .
available in 4 m widths , it comes in a choice of 10 colour tints to complement the white paints with a hint of colour [now] available .

In 99 per cent of homes in England and Wales , rateable value is currently used to calculate the charge paid for water .
in 99 per cent of homes in england and wales , rateable value is [now] used to calculate the charge paid for water .

Trials are currently being carried out in 12 areas involving 62,000 properties to assess its effects .
trials are [now] being carried out in 12 areas involving 62,000 properties to assess its effects .

‘ Currently , 200,000 children play enthusiastically at schools , leisure centres and private clubs around the country , ’ says Brian Blincoe , director of national development for the Lawn Tennis Association Trust .
‘ [now] , 200,000 children play enthusiastically at schools , leisure centres and private clubs around the country , ’ says brian blincoe , director of national development for the lawn tennis association trust .

Halitosis , or bad breath , may be helped by a new mouthwash currently being developed by a research team from Israel
halitosis , or bad breath , may be helped by a new mouthwash [now] being developed by a research team from israel

As many as seven out of 10 respondents currently own a shower they use at least once a day .
as many as seven out of 10 respondents [now] own a shower they use at least once a day .

Thus it is currently carrying out an environmental audit which will guide its policies in future on such matters as the use of energy , water purification , and fertilisers .
thus it is [now] carrying out an environmental audit which will guide its policies in future on such matters as the use of energy , water purification , and fertilisers .

The money raised from the sale of such churches and sites has contributed to 391 new church buildings and , currently , the Church has nearly 16,400 churches in regular use .
the money raised from the sale of such churches and sites has contributed to 391 new church buildings and , [now] , the church has nearly 16,400 churches in regular use .

But the essence of a market is to strike a balance between buyers and sellers , and if the pool price — the equivalent of the Rotterdam spot market for oil — currently favours the buyers , a Conservative minister should be the last to complain .
but the essence of a market is to strike a balance between buyers and sellers , and if the pool price — the equivalent of the rotterdam spot market for oil — [now] favours the buyers , a conservative minister should be the last to complain .

Since privatisation ( and no doubt helped by the £200 million of public investment ) the firm has expanded substantially and currently has about 1,000 more employees than at the beginning of 1990 .
since privatisation ( and no doubt helped by the £200 million of public investment ) the firm has expanded substantially and [now] has about 1,000 more employees than at the beginning of 1990 .

Currently representing the Jamaican government in the European Community , he is working with Michael Manley to help resolve the country 's massive debt burden .
[now] representing the jamaican government in the european community , he is working with michael manley to help resolve the country 's massive debt burden .

But one is forced , upon contemplating Stuart , to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be .
but one is forced , upon contemplating stuart , to conclude that if he is not [now] d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be .

Her husband , Jeff Hoare , paints large , colourful abstract landscapes , and three of their four children have degrees in fine art : Sarajane is Fashion Director at Vogue magazine ; Tessana is also a painter , currently working on an exhibition of pictures of 1990s architecture ; and their brother Pom is a furniture designer and carpenter who also paints .
her husband , jeff hoare , paints large , colourful abstract landscapes , and three of their four children have degrees in fine art : sarajane is fashion director at vogue magazine ; tessana is also a painter , [now] working on an exhibition of pictures of 1990s architecture ; and their brother pom is a furniture designer and carpenter who also paints .

The true cost of a medical degree is extremely high — currently tuition fees are £11,105 per year , and a bank loan would entail enormous repayments .
the true cost of a medical degree is extremely high — [now] tuition fees are £11,105 per year , and a bank loan would entail enormous repayments .

The Citizenship Foundation is currently organising a Youth Parliament competition and publishes Buzz , a termly magazine on social and political issues for ages 14-plus .
the citizenship foundation is [now] organising a youth parliament competition and publishes buzz , a termly magazine on social and political issues for ages 14-plus .

Although currently available in Manchester only , by this summer it will be at Boots 2000 counters in all major cities .
although [now] available in manchester only , by this summer it will be at boots 2000 counters in all major cities .

Seventy-two per cent of those who had previously worked were currently unemployed as a direct result of their heroin use : 17 were dismissed for continual lateness and/or absenteeism ; two were dismissed for theft from work to finance their habit ; two lost their jobs when they were imprisoned for burglary or possession of heroin ; one was dismissed after two years of illness related to his drug use ; and one went bankrupt trying to support his habit .
seventy-two per cent of those who had previously worked were [now] unemployed as a direct result of their heroin use : 17 were dismissed for continual lateness and/or absenteeism ; two were dismissed for theft from work to finance their habit ; two lost their jobs when they were imprisoned for burglary or possession of heroin ; one was dismissed after two years of illness related to his drug use ; and one went bankrupt trying to support his habit .

ii The new headquarters of Pearl Assurance , currently under construction in Peterborough , will be entirely smoke-free .
ii the new headquarters of pearl assurance , [now] under construction in peterborough , will be entirely smoke-free .

The aims are to provide data that is not currently available about the earliest stages of diabetic eye disease , and enable a reassessment of the screening strategies that are currently used by GPs and optometrists for detecting the condition .
the aims are to provide data that is not [now] available about the earliest stages of diabetic eye disease , and enable a reassessment of the screening strategies that are [now] used by gps and optometrists for detecting the condition .

Although we can state what percentage of total population the older age groups currently represent , it is not reliable to quote future percentages ; such predictions should be treated with the utmost caution .
although we can state what percentage of total population the older age groups [now] represent , it is not reliable to quote future percentages ; such predictions should be treated with the utmost caution .

It is problematic trying to consider hospital readmission rates as most hospital computer systems currently in operation are not easy to interrogate and rarely produce information about readmissions on a routine basis .
it is problematic trying to consider hospital readmission rates as most hospital computer systems [now] in operation are not easy to interrogate and rarely produce information about readmissions on a routine basis .

How are community care services currently organized ?
how are community care services [now] organized ?

However , we may identify , currently , two main styles of structure organized around either the functions provided by the department or the client groups served ( see Figure 8.1 ) .
however , we may identify , [now] , two main styles of structure organized around either the functions provided by the department or the client groups served ( see figure 8.1 ) .

Those most dedicated to soccer culture became known as ‘ Terrace Terrors ’ , but their successors are currently moving away from the baggy trouser and braces image that they fostered .
those most dedicated to soccer culture became known as ‘ terrace terrors ’ , but their successors are [now] moving away from the baggy trouser and braces image that they fostered .

Phil , a 17-year-old currently in borstal for a cheque book fraud , and for a time one of the most respected ‘ hard men ’ of the London Road End , had these comments to make about his role as an aggro leader :
phil , a 17-year-old [now] in borstal for a cheque book fraud , and for a time one of the most respected ‘ hard men ’ of the london road end , had these comments to make about his role as an aggro leader :

It did not help that the ‘ Hitler Diaries ’ , the story of how a forger fooled British and German newspapers as well as reputable historians with amateurish fakes purporting to be the German leader 's handwritten diaries , was currently on television .
it did not help that the ‘ hitler diaries ’ , the story of how a forger fooled british and german newspapers as well as reputable historians with amateurish fakes purporting to be the german leader 's handwritten diaries , was [now] on television .

Diana 's paternal grandmother , Countess Spencer was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth , the Queen Mother , while her maternal grandmother , Ruth , Lady Fermoy is currently one of her Women of the Bedchamber , a position she has held for nearly thirty years .
diana 's paternal grandmother , countess spencer was a lady of the bedchamber to queen elizabeth , the queen mother , while her maternal grandmother , ruth , lady fermoy is [now] one of her women of the bedchamber , a position she has held for nearly thirty years .

However , circumstances can change , and you are invited to contact the offices listed below to ascertain whether your chosen establishment is currently registered .
however , circumstances can change , and you are invited to contact the offices listed below to ascertain whether your chosen establishment is [now] registered .

He had a long criminal record at Scotland Yard and was currently on their wanted list for a variety of crimes , the most serious being the murder of an East End gangster .
he had a long criminal record at scotland yard and was [now] on their wanted list for a variety of crimes , the most serious being the murder of an east end gangster .

From the foregoing discussion it is obvious that , as things currently stand , any person attempting to recover damages from an insider will , under s.62 as amended , face enormous difficulties in proving not only that a breach of the relevant insider dealing rule has actually occurred , but also that he has suffered a loss as a result of it .
from the foregoing discussion it is obvious that , as things [now] stand , any person attempting to recover damages from an insider will , under s.62 as amended , face enormous difficulties in proving not only that a breach of the relevant insider dealing rule has actually occurred , but also that he has suffered a loss as a result of it .

These grades are currently being reviewed so some may have altered slightly since we went to press , but they range from the 2∗ to 5∗ .
these grades are [now] being reviewed so some may have altered slightly since we went to press , but they range from the 2∗ to 5∗ .

The animal prion diseases are scrapie , affecting sheep and goats and prevalent in most sheep rearing countries ( although not Australasia or Japan ) ; transmissible mink encephalopathy , occurring in rare outbreaks in captive bred animals on mink farms , mainly in North America ; chronic wasting disease of captive mule deer and elk , seen in North America ; and bovine spongiform encephalopathy , currently a major epidemic confined almost entirely to the cattle of the British Isles .
the animal prion diseases are scrapie , affecting sheep and goats and prevalent in most sheep rearing countries ( although not australasia or japan ) ; transmissible mink encephalopathy , occurring in rare outbreaks in captive bred animals on mink farms , mainly in north america ; chronic wasting disease of captive mule deer and elk , seen in north america ; and bovine spongiform encephalopathy , [now] a major epidemic confined almost entirely to the cattle of the british isles .

So will improvements in the quality and quantity of conventional primary and community health services currently available to Londoners .
so will improvements in the quality and quantity of conventional primary and community health services [now] available to londoners .

The aim of a programme to expand primary care would be to provide in the community services currently provided in hospitals where this is appropriate and cost effective .
the aim of a programme to expand primary care would be to provide in the community services [now] provided in hospitals where this is appropriate and cost effective .

The cost of the clinical consequences of their research is currently met by central funding , their research itself being paid for by the Medical Research Council , charities , and the pharmaceutical industry .
the cost of the clinical consequences of their research is [now] met by central funding , their research itself being paid for by the medical research council , charities , and the pharmaceutical industry .

Editor , — The widely held view that there is an overprovision of acute medical services in inner London — 9 is not shared by orthopaedic surgeons working in the capital , who are unable to provide a satisfactory service for their patients with the resources currently at their disposal .
editor , — the widely held view that there is an overprovision of acute medical services in inner london — 9 is not shared by orthopaedic surgeons working in the capital , who are unable to provide a satisfactory service for their patients with the resources [now] at their disposal .

Aeroplanes currently win the ‘ but my are n't they dangerous ?
aeroplanes [now] win the ‘ but my are n't they dangerous ?

Netherwood has carried out modifications to the kit and relaunched it as the Rotorway Exec 90 , currently selling for $ 35,000 including power plant .
netherwood has carried out modifications to the kit and relaunched it as the rotorway exec 90 , [now] selling for $ 35,000 including power plant .

We would add that to suggest giving equal status to what is currently thought to be feminine or masculine is to ignore the way in which one is defined by the other .
we would add that to suggest giving equal status to what is [now] thought to be feminine or masculine is to ignore the way in which one is defined by the other .

Is the gingerbread which is currently stamped into men equally capable of being stamped into standard unisex persons ?
is the gingerbread which is [now] stamped into men equally capable of being stamped into standard unisex persons ?

So let me begin by making some impressionistic guesses about the views women do in fact currently hold on morality .
so let me begin by making some impressionistic guesses about the views women do in fact [now] hold on morality .

Our papers are currently full of ‘ hard-to-place ’ children in local authority care advertising for foster or adoptive parents .
our papers are [now] full of ‘ hard-to-place ’ children in local authority care advertising for foster or adoptive parents .

Currently enjoying considerable success with the single ‘ So What ? ’ , Jordan is aware that some will not be happy with his covering a Miles Davis classic .
[now] enjoying considerable success with the single ‘ so what ? ’ , jordan is aware that some will not be happy with his covering a miles davis classic .

Everyone knows that reading is good for us , but terribly hard work ; the satirical novel , in its currently predominant Sharpeville-mode , is one answer to the dilemma .
everyone knows that reading is good for us , but terribly hard work ; the satirical novel , in its [now] predominant sharpeville-mode , is one answer to the dilemma .

Ten per cent are not currently earning ; 31 % earn up to £15,000 ; 21 % £15,000–20,000 ; 15 % £20,000-£25,000 ; 9 % £25,000-£30,000 ; 6 % £30,000-£40,000 ; and 2 % are earning £40,000-£50,000 .
ten per cent are not [now] earning ; 31 % earn up to £15,000 ; 21 % £15,000–20,000 ; 15 % £20,000-£25,000 ; 9 % £25,000-£30,000 ; 6 % £30,000-£40,000 ; and 2 % are earning £40,000-£50,000 .

Four per cent of the sample are currently earning more than £50,000 .
four per cent of the sample are [now] earning more than £50,000 .

Forty-three per cent are fathers ( not necessarily living with their children ) , and 52 % currently live in households which do not include children .
forty-three per cent are fathers ( not necessarily living with their children ) , and 52 % [now] live in households which do not include children .

More than 10 % of those who are currently sexually active have had a vasectomy .
more than 10 % of those who are [now] sexually active have had a vasectomy .

However , it 's men who are currently having very little or no sexual activity who are among those who fantasize the most .
however , it 's men who are [now] having very little or no sexual activity who are among those who fantasize the most .

There seems to be an inverse correlation between sex and sensitivity : men who are currently having the least sex rate themselves as most sensitive .
there seems to be an inverse correlation between sex and sensitivity : men who are [now] having the least sex rate themselves as most sensitive .

The highest earners have the most confidence in themselves , while those currently without a steady relationship are relatively lacking in confidence .
the highest earners have the most confidence in themselves , while those [now] without a steady relationship are relatively lacking in confidence .

Eighty-four per cent of the 711 men who are currently sexually active are confident they can let their partner know what they want to happen ; 9 % are n't sure and 7 % say they ca n't .
eighty-four per cent of the 711 men who are [now] sexually active are confident they can let their partner know what they want to happen ; 9 % are n't sure and 7 % say they ca n't .

That 's not to say they do n't want things they 're not currently getting .
that 's not to say they do n't want things they 're not [now] getting .

Eighteen per cent ( 131 ) of the men who are not virgins in our sample say they have sex either less than once a month ( 13 % ) or ( currently ) never ( 5 % ) .
eighteen per cent ( 131 ) of the men who are not virgins in our sample say they have sex either less than once a month ( 13 % ) or ( [now] ) never ( 5 % ) .

Men who are currently sexually inactive do not feel masculine during sport .
men who are [now] sexually inactive do not feel masculine during sport .

The currently celibate are also powerfully drawn towards Nastassia Kinski .
the [now] celibate are also powerfully drawn towards nastassia kinski .

He is currently living in his brother 's house in Wimbledon .
he is [now] living in his brother 's house in wimbledon .

Figure 9.3 and Table 9.3 display the main facilities currently available and show clearly the decline in relative importance of the credit tranches , especially after 1980 .
figure 9.3 and table 9.3 display the main facilities [now] available and show clearly the decline in relative importance of the credit tranches , especially after 1980 .

Offstage Leveaux has mixed feelings about the financial crisis currently affecting the British stage : ‘ The foundations of antagonism towards the arts and education have been laid very firmly .
offstage leveaux has mixed feelings about the financial crisis [now] affecting the british stage : ‘ the foundations of antagonism towards the arts and education have been laid very firmly .

This is the opening scene of Concentration Camp Manager , one of a host of fascist computer games which are currently the blight of European cities .
this is the opening scene of concentration camp manager , one of a host of fascist computer games which are [now] the blight of european cities .

If the conceptual boundaries between unpaid housework in the home and paid work in the labour market have been broken down , then it seems demonstrably unfair that housewives are not paid for the work they currently carry out for nothing .
if the conceptual boundaries between unpaid housework in the home and paid work in the labour market have been broken down , then it seems demonstrably unfair that housewives are not paid for the work they [now] carry out for nothing .

Then women , especially married women , were less visible in the public world and were discriminated against in it in many more explicit ways than is currently the case .
then women , especially married women , were less visible in the public world and were discriminated against in it in many more explicit ways than is [now] the case .

Women currently outlive men by about six years , so that as they retire five years earlier they can expect on average to spend twice as long as men in retirement .
women [now] outlive men by about six years , so that as they retire five years earlier they can expect on average to spend twice as long as men in retirement .

However , currently , unlike her husband she has no automatic rights to additional dependency benefits for her children and , unless her husband is incapable of paid employment , she gets no extra benefit for him either .
however , [now] , unlike her husband she has no automatic rights to additional dependency benefits for her children and , unless her husband is incapable of paid employment , she gets no extra benefit for him either .

25.1 percent of the adult population of New Zealand currently smokes , down from 26.7 percent last December .
25.1 percent of the adult population of new zealand [now] smokes , down from 26.7 percent last december .

Indeed , their only identifiable link is Andy , currently climbing easily up the red rock .
indeed , their only identifiable link is andy , [now] climbing easily up the red rock .

The team will consist of five people headed by a new sales manager , now in the process of being appointed , and the company hopes it will boost turnover ( currently £5.2m ) by £1m .
the team will consist of five people headed by a new sales manager , now in the process of being appointed , and the company hopes it will boost turnover ( [now] £5.2m ) by £1m .

Roger Katz , 48 , currently manager of Dillons ' handsome new store in Kingston , will take up the management of the 14,000 sq ft Piccadilly store on 5th January .
roger katz , 48 , [now] manager of dillons ' handsome new store in kingston , will take up the management of the 14,000 sq ft piccadilly store on 5th january .

The Labour group , currently with 25 seats compared to the Tories ' 57 , believes it needs another 25 to gain control — depending on how well or badly the Liberal Democrats fare .
the labour group , [now] with 25 seats compared to the tories ' 57 , believes it needs another 25 to gain control — depending on how well or badly the liberal democrats fare .

Consultants appointed by the Department of Transport are currently examining options for improving road links between Chelmsford and the London orbital route .
consultants appointed by the department of transport are [now] examining options for improving road links between chelmsford and the london orbital route .

Sudbury , who have already booked their place in the Spicers Eastern Counties Cup final , are currently sitting three points clear of second-placed London Welsh with just two rounds of matches to play .
sudbury , who have already booked their place in the spicers eastern counties cup final , are [now] sitting three points clear of second-placed london welsh with just two rounds of matches to play .

Currently inactive .
[now] inactive .

Drill-indicated reserves are currently 907 000 tonnes at 10.28 g/t Au .
drill-indicated reserves are [now] 907 000 tonnes at 10.28 g/t au .

Currently inactive .
[now] inactive .

Currently under development with drill-indicated reserves of 4.8 million tonnes at 1.5 per cent Cu , 3.0 per cent Pb , 6.0 per cent Zn , 57 g/t Ag and 0.4 g/t Au plus larger resources of lower grade copper mineralisation .
[now] under development with drill-indicated reserves of 4.8 million tonnes at 1.5 per cent cu , 3.0 per cent pb , 6.0 per cent zn , 57 g/t ag and 0.4 g/t au plus larger resources of lower grade copper mineralisation .

Currently inactive .
[now] inactive .

Currently inactive .
[now] inactive .

Areas in Britain which are currently considered to have potential for metalliferous mineralisation are shown in Figure 4 .
areas in britain which are [now] considered to have potential for metalliferous mineralisation are shown in figure 4 .

The property is currently under active exploration by Anglesey Mining plc who are sinking a 550 m deep exploration shaft at the western ( Morfa Ddu ) end of the deposit to investigate drill-indicated reserves of 4.8 million tonnes at 1.5 per cent Cu , 3.0 per cent Pb , 6.0 per cent Zn , 57 g/t Ag and 0.4g/t Au .
the property is [now] under active exploration by anglesey mining plc who are sinking a 550 m deep exploration shaft at the western ( morfa ddu ) end of the deposit to investigate drill-indicated reserves of 4.8 million tonnes at 1.5 per cent cu , 3.0 per cent pb , 6.0 per cent zn , 57 g/t ag and 0.4g/t au .

It was discovered by Consolidated Gold Fields Ltd in 1978 and has been intensively drilled , but is currently subeconomic .
it was discovered by consolidated gold fields ltd in 1978 and has been intensively drilled , but is [now] subeconomic .

No significant onshore placers are currently known but some offshore areas have been investigated such as the Mawddach estuary , near Dolgellau in North Wales , which was considered a prospect by RioFinex during the late 1960s .
no significant onshore placers are [now] known but some offshore areas have been investigated such as the mawddach estuary , near dolgellau in north wales , which was considered a prospect by riofinex during the late 1960s .

No veins are currently worked for lead and zinc alone but minor amounts of lead and zinc are produced as a by-product of fluorite and baryte mining .
no veins are [now] worked for lead and zinc alone but minor amounts of lead and zinc are produced as a by-product of fluorite and baryte mining .

This initial introduction was supplemented by texts and photographs of the 5th Thule Expedition to Arctic America currently of great topical significance .
this initial introduction was supplemented by texts and photographs of the 5th thule expedition to arctic america [now] of great topical significance .

The firm currently provides work for 13 people , four of them self-employed .
the firm [now] provides work for 13 people , four of them self-employed .

Currently they are entitled to free or subsidised travel on the United Kingdom railways — a deal worked into their wages structure .
[now] they are entitled to free or subsidised travel on the united kingdom railways — a deal worked into their wages structure .

In addition to being involved with various improvement teams , Doctus have also reviewed the company 's organisation structure and are currently developing a Management Information & control System .
in addition to being involved with various improvement teams , doctus have also reviewed the company 's organisation structure and are [now] developing a management information & control system .

It helps capture important people interactions which could lead to bottlenecks or breakdown of the process if not managed , and is an ideal visual aid for implementation workshops currently under way at the station .
it helps capture important people interactions which could lead to bottlenecks or breakdown of the process if not managed , and is an ideal visual aid for implementation workshops [now] under way at the station .

‘ Sufficient maintenance and supervisory staff will be kept in place to ensure the plant continues to match the strict safety criteria currently in place . ’
‘ sufficient maintenance and supervisory staff will be kept in place to ensure the plant continues to match the strict safety criteria [now] in place . ’

‘ Either way it will be less than the environmentally benign alternatives we currently must choose from .
‘ either way it will be less than the environmentally benign alternatives we [now] must choose from .

Currently a major analysis of permanent health insurance statistics is being undertaken .
[now] a major analysis of permanent health insurance statistics is being undertaken .

The diploma in Teaching English for Business is currently awarded by the London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board in association with London Guildhall University .
the diploma in teaching english for business is [now] awarded by the london chamber of commerce and industry examinations board in association with london guildhall university .

Well data is currently being reviewed by the asset to determine the reservoir potential and to establish water injection and production options .
well data is [now] being reviewed by the asset to determine the reservoir potential and to establish water injection and production options .

‘ The new organisation is aligned with the change process which is currently ongoing and will enable shift teams to work more effectively right across the terminal , ’ commented Roy Beardall .
‘ the new organisation is aligned with the change process which is [now] ongoing and will enable shift teams to work more effectively right across the terminal , ’ commented roy beardall .

There are currently 24 full time students on the course sponsored by either the Training Agency or a local Education Authority bursary .
there are [now] 24 full time students on the course sponsored by either the training agency or a local education authority bursary .

An initial meeting was held at Napier College on Wednesday 30 November with representatives from all the colleges currently offering the Higher National Diploma in Hotel , Catering and Institutional Management .
an initial meeting was held at napier college on wednesday 30 november with representatives from all the colleges [now] offering the higher national diploma in hotel , catering and institutional management .

In practice , that opportunity will be provided by the resit diet in subjects which currently have such a facility .
in practice , that opportunity will be provided by the resit diet in subjects which [now] have such a facility .

In subjects which currently do not , a resit will be provided as a special arrangement to precede the withdrawal of the course .
in subjects which [now] do not , a resit will be provided as a special arrangement to precede the withdrawal of the course .

In practice , that opportunity will be provided by the resit diet in subjects which currently have such a facility .
in practice , that opportunity will be provided by the resit diet in subjects which [now] have such a facility .

In subjects which currently do not , a resit will be provided as a special arrangement to precede the withdrawal of the course .
in subjects which [now] do not , a resit will be provided as a special arrangement to precede the withdrawal of the course .

The new service route planning systems are currently being tested in the Tonbridge branch and will be implemented throughout the division in the second quarter of next year .
the new service route planning systems are [now] being tested in the tonbridge branch and will be implemented throughout the division in the second quarter of next year .

The really big opportunity is , however , switching over the 85 % of our portfolio not currently enjoying this safer , greener system of baiting .
the really big opportunity is , however , switching over the 85 % of our portfolio not [now] enjoying this safer , greener system of baiting .

We have just heard that Bob Miller [ currently number one is the Chief Executive 's award scheme ] , has gained further business to provide plants to the surveyors ' temporary offices .
we have just heard that bob miller [ [now] number one is the chief executive 's award scheme ] , has gained further business to provide plants to the surveyors ' temporary offices .

Currently it is usual to find that a contract cleaning company may be used to look after the offices and toilets , but production areas are generally ‘ out of bounds ’ , because they are considered too sensitive .
[now] it is usual to find that a contract cleaning company may be used to look after the offices and toilets , but production areas are generally ‘ out of bounds ’ , because they are considered too sensitive .

He is currently top of the jobs league in the north east .
he is [now] top of the jobs league in the north east .

Vocational education and training and methods of certification vary widely in different countries and currently there is little uniformity among member states .
vocational education and training and methods of certification vary widely in different countries and [now] there is little uniformity among member states .

Many students will wish to use these modules for entry to higher education , and negotiations on this important area are currently taking place .
many students will wish to use these modules for entry to higher education , and negotiations on this important area are [now] taking place .

Further clusters are currently being developed .
further clusters are [now] being developed .

Development work on new clusters is currently taking place in several areas , including :
development work on new clusters is [now] taking place in several areas , including :

National Certificate Modules and Higher National Units in the training of trainers are currently being revised to provide a pre-vocational qualification for those considering a career in training .
national certificate modules and higher national units in the training of trainers are [now] being revised to provide a pre-vocational qualification for those considering a career in training .

Three new Advanced Certificates in Engineering Practice were validated in May 1992 , and are currently being delivered in 19 centres across Scotland .
three new advanced certificates in engineering practice were validated in may 1992 , and are [now] being delivered in 19 centres across scotland .

HNCs in Sports Development and Coaching are also currently under review .
hncs in sports development and coaching are also [now] under review .

Finally , a new module in economic and environmental geology is currently being developed .
finally , a new module in economic and environmental geology is [now] being developed .

Currently all students who are successful in one or more National Certificate Modules have their achievement recorded on a single National Certificate document which is cumulative .
[now] all students who are successful in one or more national certificate modules have their achievement recorded on a single national certificate document which is cumulative .

There are currently around 180 Lead Bodies in existence .
there are [now] around 180 lead bodies in existence .

The range of group awards currently available divides into several different types .
the range of group awards [now] available divides into several different types .

Nevertheless , the drop in enrolments for traditional advanced courses does not correspond exactly with the increased interest in the new style courses , with the overall result that more candidates are currently involved in advanced courses than in previous sessions .
nevertheless , the drop in enrolments for traditional advanced courses does not correspond exactly with the increased interest in the new style courses , with the overall result that more candidates are [now] involved in advanced courses than in previous sessions .

The food and catering industries are currently under great pressure to maintain satisfactory standards of hygiene as cases of food poisoning and restaurant prosecutions increase .
the food and catering industries are [now] under great pressure to maintain satisfactory standards of hygiene as cases of food poisoning and restaurant prosecutions increase .

There are numerous areas in which general insurance actuaries are currently developing new techniques , for example , medical expenses .
there are numerous areas in which general insurance actuaries are [now] developing new techniques , for example , medical expenses .

The safe upper weekly limits are currently considered to be 21 units for men and 14 units for women .
the safe upper weekly limits are [now] considered to be 21 units for men and 14 units for women .

in calculating lost pension rights the correct approach is 1 ) apply the appropriate multiplier to the appropriate multiplicand 2 ) the appropriate multiplicand is the pursuers level of wage which would have been received if currently employed 3 ) allowing for all contingencies including the chance of obtaining a pension in the future the multiplier for a 48 year old was 6 4 ) the resulting figure should be reduced for the accelerated benefit bearing in mind that the pension would not have been paid before age 65 .
in calculating lost pension rights the correct approach is 1 ) apply the appropriate multiplier to the appropriate multiplicand 2 ) the appropriate multiplicand is the pursuers level of wage which would have been received if [now] employed 3 ) allowing for all contingencies including the chance of obtaining a pension in the future the multiplier for a 48 year old was 6 4 ) the resulting figure should be reduced for the accelerated benefit bearing in mind that the pension would not have been paid before age 65 .

Johnson Brothers is currently undergoing a complete review which incorporates a new company logo , new company colours and new packaging to support and reflect its revised brand positioning .
johnson brothers is [now] undergoing a complete review which incorporates a new company logo , new company colours and new packaging to support and reflect its revised brand positioning .

Technical advancement around the Group currently involves four major installations , either in the early stages of operation or undergoing test runs .
technical advancement around the group [now] involves four major installations , either in the early stages of operation or undergoing test runs .

The exhibition is currently at Kenwood , London , where it will close on 28 February .
the exhibition is [now] at kenwood , london , where it will close on 28 february .

All of these sources of evidence are currently being used in the interior restoration of Duff House , near Banff .
all of these sources of evidence are [now] being used in the interior restoration of duff house , near banff .

One subject currently under consideration is the place of the protection and management of archaeological and historical sites and landscapes within the wider framework of the countryside management .
one subject [now] under consideration is the place of the protection and management of archaeological and historical sites and landscapes within the wider framework of the countryside management .

Scientists are still anxious to obtain even more powerful machines than are now available , in order to tackle a large range of currently impossible tasks whose solutions could change society .
scientists are still anxious to obtain even more powerful machines than are now available , in order to tackle a large range of [now] impossible tasks whose solutions could change society .

Sandra Percy is currently undertaking a study of the process of change in the assessment and teaching of English Language in a rural secondary school and one of its associated primary schools as a result of the implementation of the initiative Curriculum and Assessment in Scotland ; a policy for the 90s .
sandra percy is [now] undertaking a study of the process of change in the assessment and teaching of english language in a rural secondary school and one of its associated primary schools as a result of the implementation of the initiative curriculum and assessment in scotland ; a policy for the 90s .

There was , however , abundant evidence of policy in action and the first tasks was to collate what was currently happening .
there was , however , abundant evidence of policy in action and the first tasks was to collate what was [now] happening .

The advent of personal professional development and increasing concern about stress management could lead to an increase in the demand for staff development in areas in which the health board is currently interested .
the advent of personal professional development and increasing concern about stress management could lead to an increase in the demand for staff development in areas in which the health board is [now] interested .

Currently , Britain has one of the least attractive share settlement systems of any major stock market .
[now] , britain has one of the least attractive share settlement systems of any major stock market .

There is currently no rolling settlements system and all trades are settled once every fortnight .
there is [now] no rolling settlements system and all trades are settled once every fortnight .

The sort of protection currently offered covers damages for conflict of interest , negligent misstatements , acting beyond the scope of authority and authorising excessive borrowing , failure to supervise others to whom responsibility has been delegated , unauthorised payments and failure to make statutory payments , and errors of judgment not only of negligence .
the sort of protection [now] offered covers damages for conflict of interest , negligent misstatements , acting beyond the scope of authority and authorising excessive borrowing , failure to supervise others to whom responsibility has been delegated , unauthorised payments and failure to make statutory payments , and errors of judgment not only of negligence .

Audit forms with insolvency practices can acquire numerous associates as currently defined because in an insolvency appointment they are entitled to control 20 per cent or more of a company 's voting rights .
audit forms with insolvency practices can acquire numerous associates as [now] defined because in an insolvency appointment they are entitled to control 20 per cent or more of a company 's voting rights .

Sarah and Amanda , who are currently studying a college diploma in advanced professional cookery , also received £5,000 of catering equipment for their college , a five-day study tour to Switzerland , a day at The Savoy Hotel with chef Anton Edelmann , and £300 for themselves .
sarah and amanda , who are [now] studying a college diploma in advanced professional cookery , also received £5,000 of catering equipment for their college , a five-day study tour to switzerland , a day at the savoy hotel with chef anton edelmann , and £300 for themselves .

Currently , the Navy runs half its school at Aldershot and the other half at Devonport and is believed to be keen , for financial reasons if nothing else , to re-locate on to one site .
[now] , the navy runs half its school at aldershot and the other half at devonport and is believed to be keen , for financial reasons if nothing else , to re-locate on to one site .

Migrants were more likely to say that a course would help them change career direction or , if they were currently unemployed , help them get a job .
migrants were more likely to say that a course would help them change career direction or , if they were [now] unemployed , help them get a job .

Exports to the Middle East currently stand at £16.8 million , this represents an increase of 27 % on last years figure of £13.2 million .
exports to the middle east [now] stand at £16.8 million , this represents an increase of 27 % on last years figure of £13.2 million .

Numbers applying for entry in September 1992 have increased even more sharply than a year ago and we currently anticipate a further large increase in first year entrants .
numbers applying for entry in september 1992 have increased even more sharply than a year ago and we [now] anticipate a further large increase in first year entrants .

Currently , the with-profits fund is invested only about 50 per cent in equities , compared with 65 or 70 per cent of the stronger life offices .
[now] , the with-profits fund is invested only about 50 per cent in equities , compared with 65 or 70 per cent of the stronger life offices .

Currently , it is the policyholders who elect the board and who therefore technically determine what the company 's investment and bonus strategy will be .
[now] , it is the policyholders who elect the board and who therefore technically determine what the company 's investment and bonus strategy will be .

More significantly , only a fifth believe lawyers should not involve themselves in the general running of other people 's businesses and just three per cent that they are currently too aggressive in selling their services .
more significantly , only a fifth believe lawyers should not involve themselves in the general running of other people 's businesses and just three per cent that they are [now] too aggressive in selling their services .

Changes to guidance notes are needed to accommodate the Money Laundering Directive currently being implemented through the Criminal Justice Bill and supplementary European Community regulations .
changes to guidance notes are needed to accommodate the money laundering directive [now] being implemented through the criminal justice bill and supplementary european community regulations .

Turnover was up 10 per cent , to £1.5 billion , with 19,000 employees currently undergoing formal training — another record figure .
turnover was up 10 per cent , to £1.5 billion , with 19,000 employees [now] undergoing formal training — another record figure .

While remaining guarded about the exact type of operation Shadowfax is considering , the partners are currently looking at sites and expect to open the first one within the year .
while remaining guarded about the exact type of operation shadowfax is considering , the partners are [now] looking at sites and expect to open the first one within the year .

If the pilot is a success , McDonald 's will be looking to operate the system countrywide — currently that 's 470 — by the end of 1995 .
if the pilot is a success , mcdonald 's will be looking to operate the system countrywide — [now] that 's 470 — by the end of 1995 .

Techniques can fail to meet expectations because they are applied without due regard for the culture of the organisation , for example the currently popular ‘ empowerment of the individual ’ will not work well in a highly systematic , centrally controlled management culture .
techniques can fail to meet expectations because they are applied without due regard for the culture of the organisation , for example the [now] popular ‘ empowerment of the individual ’ will not work well in a highly systematic , centrally controlled management culture .

There is a skilled motivated and currently under-employed workforce ( although unfamiliar with enterprise culture and having Russian as a second language ) .
there is a skilled motivated and [now] under-employed workforce ( although unfamiliar with enterprise culture and having russian as a second language ) .

The number of student films and non-student shorts currently being made is greater than ever before .
the number of student films and non-student shorts [now] being made is greater than ever before .

These exercises are currently at the feasibility study stage .
these exercises are [now] at the feasibility study stage .

Field functions currently at feasibility study stage , with target completion date after September 1993
field functions [now] at feasibility study stage , with target completion date after september 1993

For example , we currently offer three advanced diplomas — in Special Needs , Management and Mathematics Education — as well as a Professional Diploma in Post-Compulsory Education .
for example , we [now] offer three advanced diplomas — in special needs , management and mathematics education — as well as a professional diploma in post-compulsory education .

An investigating team is currently assessing the possibility of creating a pedestrian/cycle route from Baberton via Bloomiehall Park along the perimeter of Baberton Golf Club linking into Muirwood Road .
an investigating team is [now] assessing the possibility of creating a pedestrian/cycle route from baberton via bloomiehall park along the perimeter of baberton golf club linking into muirwood road .

The House in Belmont Road was vacated and is currently for sale .
the house in belmont road was vacated and is [now] for sale .

We are currently being assisted part time , for a minimal token fee , by a member of the Institute of Public Relations .
we are [now] being assisted part time , for a minimal token fee , by a member of the institute of public relations .

The salary scale for the post is currently per annum .
the salary scale for the post is [now] per annum .

The package is currently under development and is the result of co-operation between the Trading Standards and Education departments of Lothian Regional Council .
the package is [now] under development and is the result of co-operation between the trading standards and education departments of lothian regional council .

On the ‘ Scotmid ’ section of Nicolson Street our options are quite limited and after discussion with Highways we have agreed to await the implementation of the changes currently in preparation .
on the ‘ scotmid ’ section of nicolson street our options are quite limited and after discussion with highways we have agreed to await the implementation of the changes [now] in preparation .

The Regional Council is currently preparing a Structure Plan Review .
the regional council is [now] preparing a structure plan review .

The Regional Council is currently preparing a Structure Plan Review .
the regional council is [now] preparing a structure plan review .

My own Council is currently involved in a major appeal of a similar nature , which is to be dealt with by public inquiry commencing in January 1993 .
my own council is [now] involved in a major appeal of a similar nature , which is to be dealt with by public inquiry commencing in january 1993 .

One of the Regional Council 's reasons for refusal of planning permission is that the proposed development falls outside the areas identified for office use in the Lothian Region Structure Plan 1985 and can not be justified on prime land in the Green Belt as there is no essential overriding need , given the supply of office floorspace currently available , under construction or with outstanding planning permission , which is more than sufficient to satisfy development needs within the Structure Plan period to 1996 and beyond .
one of the regional council 's reasons for refusal of planning permission is that the proposed development falls outside the areas identified for office use in the lothian region structure plan 1985 and can not be justified on prime land in the green belt as there is no essential overriding need , given the supply of office floorspace [now] available , under construction or with outstanding planning permission , which is more than sufficient to satisfy development needs within the structure plan period to 1996 and beyond .

For these reasons we are currently unable to use your suggestion .
for these reasons we are [now] unable to use your suggestion .

As you know , there is currently a wide variety in the type of vehicles which licensing authorities currently consider suitable for use of taxis .
as you know , there is [now] a wide variety in the type of vehicles which licensing authorities [now] consider suitable for use of taxis .

Currently one staff member has her back to the door and if the other two staff were absent she would not see the light flashing .
[now] one staff member has her back to the door and if the other two staff were absent she would not see the light flashing .

While the Guidelines on Child Abuse produced by the Regional Council are currently being revised , the current version is still valid and should be readily available to all staff .
while the guidelines on child abuse produced by the regional council are [now] being revised , the current version is still valid and should be readily available to all staff .

— have average weekly earnings less than ( currently ) £32.50 a week
— have average weekly earnings less than ( [now] ) £32.50 a week

was educated in Edinburgh , and currently stays in the City .
was educated in edinburgh , and [now] stays in the city .

The Assistant Managers will continue to work where they are currently situated and this will give you an indication of where you will initially be working in the new structure .
the assistant managers will continue to work where they are [now] situated and this will give you an indication of where you will initially be working in the new structure .

Wherever possible staff have suspended Reminders on known outstanding cases and therefore in most instances Reminders will not be issued to taxpayers where benefits or other changes are currently being processed or awaiting processing .
wherever possible staff have suspended reminders on known outstanding cases and therefore in most instances reminders will not be issued to taxpayers where benefits or other changes are [now] being processed or awaiting processing .

to ‘ ring-fence ’ appointments to the above posts by restricting applications to existing permanent staff currently working on Community Charge within the Exchequer Division , Finance Department and the Regional Assessor 's Department ; and
to ‘ ring-fence ’ appointments to the above posts by restricting applications to existing permanent staff [now] working on community charge within the exchequer division , finance department and the regional assessor 's department ; and

Imaging technology has come a long way in the last few years and there are currently available several Imaging systems which in theory could integrate with Council Tax software .
imaging technology has come a long way in the last few years and there are [now] available several imaging systems which in theory could integrate with council tax software .

The Council Tax administration numbers have also been increased by a further 10% to deal with those administrative matters currently dealt with within the Community Charge Control Section , as the items should really be dealt with within the teams to provide a comprehensive service to taxpayers .
the council tax administration numbers have also been increased by a further 10% to deal with those administrative matters [now] dealt with within the community charge control section , as the items should really be dealt with within the teams to provide a comprehensive service to taxpayers .

You will be aware that Nancy Brown and Reception staff have been considering a staggered approach to Reception staff hours especially given the computerised directory system currently being introduced .
you will be aware that nancy brown and reception staff have been considering a staggered approach to reception staff hours especially given the computerised directory system [now] being introduced .

There was also there a vociferous ( John and later said they thought he might have been drunk ) Russian , about 35–40 who is currently on a short term study period at Florence University into the history of space travel and aeronautics .
there was also there a vociferous ( john and later said they thought he might have been drunk ) russian , about 35–40 who is [now] on a short term study period at florence university into the history of space travel and aeronautics .

reported that it was currently being published and printed .
reported that it was [now] being published and printed .

The training and education world is currently changing at a rapid pace to meet the challenges created by the implementation of National Vocational Qualifications ( NVQs ) and Scottish Vocational Qualifications ( SVQs ) .
the training and education world is [now] changing at a rapid pace to meet the challenges created by the implementation of national vocational qualifications ( nvqs ) and scottish vocational qualifications ( svqs ) .

No existing qualifications will be accredited as S/NVQs as they are not based on the Occupational Standards which are currently being developed by the steering group .
no existing qualifications will be accredited as s/nvqs as they are not based on the occupational standards which are [now] being developed by the steering group .

He was more concerned about the red weed , currently spreading over the surface of this world .
he was more concerned about the red weed , [now] spreading over the surface of this world .

These are currently available in 57 of our stores and we plan to extend the range further .
these are [now] available in 57 of our stores and we plan to extend the range further .

* Currently :
* [now] :

The department is currently expanding its postgraduate programme to promote the quality of supervision , development of research skills and achievement of scholarly excellence .
the department is [now] expanding its postgraduate programme to promote the quality of supervision , development of research skills and achievement of scholarly excellence .

The department is currently developing a one-year MSc programme as an introduction to postgraduate study .
the department is [now] developing a one-year msc programme as an introduction to postgraduate study .

Currently there are approximately 230 postgraduate students registered in the Faculty .
[now] there are approximately 230 postgraduate students registered in the faculty .

Each of these disciplines is currently represented in our postgraduate body and applications are invited from graduates of these disciplines as well as of Chemical Engineering .
each of these disciplines is [now] represented in our postgraduate body and applications are invited from graduates of these disciplines as well as of chemical engineering .

Currently there are excavation and survey-based projects in different parts of Scotland , central France , Bohemia , Romania , Cyprus , Turkey and Syria .
[now] there are excavation and survey-based projects in different parts of scotland , central france , bohemia , romania , cyprus , turkey and syria .

It holds a regular series of seminars at which reports are presented on research currently in progress .
it holds a regular series of seminars at which reports are presented on research [now] in progress .

Postgraduate students from many countries make use of the excellent facilities both for training for research degrees and for taught courses ( MPhil/MSc/Diploma ) currently available .
postgraduate students from many countries make use of the excellent facilities both for training for research degrees and for taught courses ( mphil/msc/diploma ) [now] available .

Options currently available include Viennese Modernism , Modern German Fiction , Contemporary Women Writers and Literature and Film in the Weimar Republic ; New German Cinema .
options [now] available include viennese modernism , modern german fiction , contemporary women writers and literature and film in the weimar republic ; new german cinema .

Currently the course is restricted to work with plants and fungi and is run in partnership with the Royal Botanic Garden , Edinburgh .
[now] the course is restricted to work with plants and fungi and is run in partnership with the royal botanic garden , edinburgh .

As Rex was currently at about five on the scale of ten he left Laura to steam gently and made for the cocktail cabinet .
as rex was [now] at about five on the scale of ten he left laura to steam gently and made for the cocktail cabinet .

* Currently Belgium ; Denmark ( excluding the Faroe Islands and Greenland ) ; France ( including the overseas departments Guadeloupe , Maninique , French Guiana and Reunion but excluding other French Overseas Temtories ) ; Germany ; Greece ; the Republic of Ireland ; Italy ; Luxembourg ; the Netherlands ; Portugal ( including the Azores and Madeira but excluding Macao ) ; Spain ( including the Balearic Islands , the Canaries , Cueta and Melilla ) ; the United Kingdom with Gibraltar .
* [now] belgium ; denmark ( excluding the faroe islands and greenland ) ; france ( including the overseas departments guadeloupe , maninique , french guiana and reunion but excluding other french overseas temtories ) ; germany ; greece ; the republic of ireland ; italy ; luxembourg ; the netherlands ; portugal ( including the azores and madeira but excluding macao ) ; spain ( including the balearic islands , the canaries , cueta and melilla ) ; the united kingdom with gibraltar .

If you are a student from overseas you should note that you are currently likely to require approximately £106 each week for costs other than fees during your stay in this country .
if you are a student from overseas you should note that you are [now] likely to require approximately £106 each week for costs other than fees during your stay in this country .

As a relatively young but expanding discipline it is currently making , principally through the techniques of genetic engineering , an increasing contribution to medicine , agriculture and industry .
as a relatively young but expanding discipline it is [now] making , principally through the techniques of genetic engineering , an increasing contribution to medicine , agriculture and industry .

We are currently working on the regulation of breathing , the control of movement , ion movements across heart , muscle and blood cell membranes , the developing nervous system , hormone release and lifetime changes in the reproductive system .
we are [now] working on the regulation of breathing , the control of movement , ion movements across heart , muscle and blood cell membranes , the developing nervous system , hormone release and lifetime changes in the reproductive system .

Honours in Ecological Science are currently awarded in one of six schools ( Ecology ; Forestry ; Resource Management ; Wildlife and Fisheries Management ; Agriculture , Forestry and Rural Economy ; Environmental Science ) .
honours in ecological science are [now] awarded in one of six schools ( ecology ; forestry ; resource management ; wildlife and fisheries management ; agriculture , forestry and rural economy ; environmental science ) .

It forms the surface on which soils form , over which rivers , oceans and glaciers flow , and through which groundwater permeates ; it is the source of many natural hazards , such as volcanic eruptions , earthquakes , landslips , environmental change , as many changes which are currently under way can be followed to completion in the geological record , and their consequences better understood .
it forms the surface on which soils form , over which rivers , oceans and glaciers flow , and through which groundwater permeates ; it is the source of many natural hazards , such as volcanic eruptions , earthquakes , landslips , environmental change , as many changes which are [now] under way can be followed to completion in the geological record , and their consequences better understood .

Second year fieldwork includes participation in a ten-year study of socio-economic change in Edinburgh , and in the third year , there is a foreign fieldcourse , which currently offers a choice of venue : Iceland or Alsace .
second year fieldwork includes participation in a ten-year study of socio-economic change in edinburgh , and in the third year , there is a foreign fieldcourse , which [now] offers a choice of venue : iceland or alsace .

Following on from this , the next section describes some of the help that is currently available both from government sources and government-funded projects to make your home warm .
following on from this , the next section describes some of the help that is [now] available both from government sources and government-funded projects to make your home warm .

When we begin to appreciate more clearly and with greater precision how and why so many Third World countries are locked into a global system that is so patently against the interests of the majority of their peoples , we may find one of the keys to the development puzzle , and a valuable clue as to how the global system currently works .
when we begin to appreciate more clearly and with greater precision how and why so many third world countries are locked into a global system that is so patently against the interests of the majority of their peoples , we may find one of the keys to the development puzzle , and a valuable clue as to how the global system [now] works .

The post-Comintern Communist Movement , the Socialist International , international Fascist organizations , and the Green movement ( about which more will be said below ) provide the only models we have for such organizations , and none of these can be currently regarded as successful in global terms .
the post-comintern communist movement , the socialist international , international fascist organizations , and the green movement ( about which more will be said below ) provide the only models we have for such organizations , and none of these can be [now] regarded as successful in global terms .

Patient 203 — currently 59 years .
patient 203 — [now] 59 years .

It is currently thought that cholesterol gall stones arise because of a triple hepatobiliary defect : cholesterol supersaturation of gall bladder bile , reduction gall bladder contractility , and increased rate of cholesterol nucleation , probably due to mucin glycoprotein hypersecretion .
it is [now] thought that cholesterol gall stones arise because of a triple hepatobiliary defect : cholesterol supersaturation of gall bladder bile , reduction gall bladder contractility , and increased rate of cholesterol nucleation , probably due to mucin glycoprotein hypersecretion .

Our Executive Programmes are therefore appropriate for the range of challenges which different levels of managers are currently facing .
our executive programmes are therefore appropriate for the range of challenges which different levels of managers are [now] facing .

Currently National Associations are active in Denmark , Hong Kong , Norway , Singapore , South Africa , The Netherlands and are in the process of being established in Germany , Kenya , Malta , Australia and Ireland .
[now] national associations are active in denmark , hong kong , norway , singapore , south africa , the netherlands and are in the process of being established in germany , kenya , malta , australia and ireland .

Currently available thrombolytic agents have several important limitations .
[now] available thrombolytic agents have several important limitations .

With unemployment rising steadily and currently standing at around 5 million , and inflation running at 70 % per annum , the country can ill afford a rapid increase in population .
with unemployment rising steadily and [now] standing at around 5 million , and inflation running at 70 % per annum , the country can ill afford a rapid increase in population .

It is currently under fire from a further attack by the Serbs .
it is [now] under fire from a further attack by the serbs .

Note under this option the labour cost will be nil because labour is currently available but idle .
note under this option the labour cost will be nil because labour is [now] available but idle .

The firm are currently negotiating an advertising programme with an agency .
the firm are [now] negotiating an advertising programme with an agency .

There is currently no satisfactory means of preventing proximal colon cancer in the general population .
there is [now] no satisfactory means of preventing proximal colon cancer in the general population .

Unfortunately , such longitudinal individual data are only currently being built up .
unfortunately , such longitudinal individual data are only [now] being built up .

poor currently over their lifetime will generally look , and be , well off ; i.e .
poor [now] over their lifetime will generally look , and be , well off ; i.e .

If prices are moving only slowly towards their equilibrium values , then they are currently ‘ too high ’ or ‘ too low ’ , and in either case too few transactions will take place .
if prices are moving only slowly towards their equilibrium values , then they are [now] ‘ too high ’ or ‘ too low ’ , and in either case too few transactions will take place .

those who work at the tax threshold ( mainly part-time married women ) and the currently unemployed — so that their particular incentives can be analysed .
those who work at the tax threshold ( mainly part-time married women ) and the [now] unemployed — so that their particular incentives can be analysed .

Jack 's hobby was model making and he was currently engaged in a vast and ambitious project .
jack 's hobby was model making and he was [now] engaged in a vast and ambitious project .

It differed considerably from the big brash construction currently on display at the town hall , which stood beneath a sign which read
it differed considerably from the big brash construction [now] on display at the town hall , which stood beneath a sign which read

Cornelius was currently working his way through the seedy section of the daddy 's library .
cornelius was [now] working his way through the seedy section of the daddy 's library .

This is , to all intents and purposes , a normal Biro , but affixed to it is the head of some currently marketable ‘ character ’ .
this is , to all intents and purposes , a normal biro , but affixed to it is the head of some [now] marketable ‘ character ’ .

The achievement of a highly reliable level of software management is currently the most important step that must be taken towards overall control of software production , configuration and issue .
the achievement of a highly reliable level of software management is [now] the most important step that must be taken towards overall control of software production , configuration and issue .

The quality assurer has access privileges to packages which are currently undergoing approval .
the quality assurer has access privileges to packages which are [now] undergoing approval .

By running these facilities , perhaps on a weekly basis , the online file store will retain relevant module versions while the offline file store will aggregate the module versions not currently required .
by running these facilities , perhaps on a weekly basis , the online file store will retain relevant module versions while the offline file store will aggregate the module versions not [now] required .

’ Offline ’ Module version is currently offline and has not been validated .
’ offline ’ module version is [now] offline and has not been validated .

all the DCs which are currently Active on the package will be changed to a state of Being Approved and will be locked .
all the dcs which are [now] active on the package will be changed to a state of being approved and will be locked .

The user has attempted to prepare a package for approval when the package is currently in the process of being approved .
the user has attempted to prepare a package for approval when the package is [now] in the process of being approved .

3093 , 3094 One or more modules are currently offline in package :
3093 , 3094 one or more modules are [now] offline in package :

The screen is cleared , and all fields currently marked as displayed are re-displayed .
the screen is cleared , and all fields [now] marked as displayed are re-displayed .

The number of instances of each type is fixed ( currently 100 ) .
the number of instances of each type is fixed ( [now] 100 ) .

The scrolled area has an allowance for 100 entries containing details of each field on the form currently being processed .
the scrolled area has an allowance for 100 entries containing details of each field on the form [now] being processed .

This page enables you to display the ancestry of packages currently being processed .
this page enables you to display the ancestry of packages [now] being processed .

all the DCs which are currently Active on the package will be changed to a state of Being Approved and will be locked .
all the dcs which are [now] active on the package will be changed to a state of being approved and will be locked .

This option shows the status of all packages currently undergoing Quality Assurance .
this option shows the status of all packages [now] undergoing quality assurance .

The identifier of the model state in which the module instance currently resides .
the identifier of the model state in which the module instance [now] resides .

The textual name associated with the model state in which the module instance currently resides .
the textual name associated with the model state in which the module instance [now] resides .

The module manager of a package can not be changed if there are currently any Active DCs on the package .
the module manager of a package can not be changed if there are [now] any active dcs on the package .

If the package name is acceptable , the identifiers and titles of any DCs currently active on this package will be displayed in the scrolled area .
if the package name is acceptable , the identifiers and titles of any dcs [now] active on this package will be displayed in the scrolled area .

The package manager can not be changed since one ( or more ) Design Changes ( DCs ) are currently active via the package .
the package manager can not be changed since one ( or more ) design changes ( dcs ) are [now] active via the package .

There are currently no DCs on the package you are trying to submit .
there are [now] no dcs on the package you are trying to submit .

You should enter a package name which is not currently approved or quit the option .
you should enter a package name which is not [now] approved or quit the option .

The package specified is currently in approval .
the package specified is [now] in approval .

You have tried to change the owner responsible for a charge code when you are not the user currently associated with the charge code or one of his ascendants .
you have tried to change the owner responsible for a charge code when you are not the user [now] associated with the charge code or one of his ascendants .

The quality assurer has access privileges to packages which are currently undergoing approval .
the quality assurer has access privileges to packages which are [now] undergoing approval .

If none are specified , it indicates that the unit is not currently available .
if none are specified , it indicates that the unit is not [now] available .

Prior to running Update Baseline , the user must identify which modules within a specified approved package structure ( baseline ) have later approved versions than are currently referenced and which need to be embodied in order to generate a new baseline .
prior to running update baseline , the user must identify which modules within a specified approved package structure ( baseline ) have later approved versions than are [now] referenced and which need to be embodied in order to generate a new baseline .

the modules in the steering file exist within the specified package structure and at a later version than currently referenced .
the modules in the steering file exist within the specified package structure and at a later version than [now] referenced .

Meanwhile , spokesmen for The Stone Roses , including their management , denied that the band had even left Silvertone , and said that they are currently talking to a number of record companies .
meanwhile , spokesmen for the stone roses , including their management , denied that the band had even left silvertone , and said that they are [now] talking to a number of record companies .

Currently thrilling packed houses with his mellow vocal style and uncompromising ‘ no sell-out ’ cardigans , the singer wishes to point out that though he will be opening for the Happy Mondays at certain venues , he by no means endorses their outrageous and unorthodox lifestyle .
[now] thrilling packed houses with his mellow vocal style and uncompromising ‘ no sell-out ’ cardigans , the singer wishes to point out that though he will be opening for the happy mondays at certain venues , he by no means endorses their outrageous and unorthodox lifestyle .

My Jealous God , currently on tour to promote their latest single ‘ Pray ’ , air their brand new session all this week on Mark Godier 's show .
my jealous god , [now] on tour to promote their latest single ‘ pray ’ , air their brand new session all this week on mark godier 's show .

Somewhat enigmatic , The World Of Twist are currently dotted around the south end of Manchester .
somewhat enigmatic , the world of twist are [now] dotted around the south end of manchester .

Peavey currently make between 150,000 and 160,000 amplifiers a year .
peavey [now] make between 150,000 and 160,000 amplifiers a year .

Given all this , there is some irony that Lloyd Webber himself is currently facing a High Court action in which an amateur songwriter , John Brett is alleging the plagiarism of two songs from The Phantom ofthe Opera .
given all this , there is some irony that lloyd webber himself is [now] facing a high court action in which an amateur songwriter , john brett is alleging the plagiarism of two songs from the phantom ofthe opera .

They feel that it will lead to the rich getting transport and the poor getting starvation with land currently used for food production being used for fuel .
they feel that it will lead to the rich getting transport and the poor getting starvation with land [now] used for food production being used for fuel .

These are sources of energy that are currently being developed to `` replace conventional energy sources .
these are sources of energy that are [now] being developed to `` replace conventional energy sources .

She 's currently the hottest actress in Hollywood , but Michelle Pfeiffer struggled for 10 years to achive star status ; overcoming drink , drugs and a quasi-religious cult on the way .
she 's [now] the hottest actress in hollywood , but michelle pfeiffer struggled for 10 years to achive star status ; overcoming drink , drugs and a quasi-religious cult on the way .

This top quality upholstery range , woven in 100 % wool is currently in mid launch with an initial 500 pattern books being individually distributed by Sekers sales force to specifiers throughout the country .
this top quality upholstery range , woven in 100 % wool is [now] in mid launch with an initial 500 pattern books being individually distributed by sekers sales force to specifiers throughout the country .

Currently he holds the position of being in the top three in Cumbria .
[now] he holds the position of being in the top three in cumbria .

Of these only a few are not currently employed by one or other of the companies .
of these only a few are not [now] employed by one or other of the companies .

Some of the topics we attempted to touch on were : The differences between conceptualisations of feminism in the ’ West ’ and ’ Third World ’ historically and currently , while understanding that in the ’ West ’ and the ’ Third World ’ there is a diversity of women and ideological positions .
some of the topics we attempted to touch on were : the differences between conceptualisations of feminism in the ’ west ’ and ’ third world ’ historically and [now] , while understanding that in the ’ west ’ and the ’ third world ’ there is a diversity of women and ideological positions .

Equally important , campaigning work currently undertaken by African women at grassroots level should be expanded .
equally important , campaigning work [now] undertaken by african women at grassroots level should be expanded .

An inquest into his death is currently in session .
an inquest into his death is [now] in session .

The first comprehensive study in Britain that looks specifically at Black women 's experience of domestic violence is currently nearing completion .
the first comprehensive study in britain that looks specifically at black women 's experience of domestic violence is [now] nearing completion .

And it is estimated that currently 87 % of the 1,672,000 tonnes of pulp Britain imports each year has been chlorine-bleached .
and it is estimated that [now] 87 % of the 1,672,000 tonnes of pulp britain imports each year has been chlorine-bleached .

The equity method is generally used for a holding of 20-50 % of the outstanding voting shares ( that is , shares which have been issued and which are currently held by shareholders ) because it is assumed , on the basis of this level of ownership , that an investor has the ability to exert significant influence in the affairs of the company .
the equity method is generally used for a holding of 20-50 % of the outstanding voting shares ( that is , shares which have been issued and which are [now] held by shareholders ) because it is assumed , on the basis of this level of ownership , that an investor has the ability to exert significant influence in the affairs of the company .

Notable absentees included President Doe of Liberia , currently threatened by a rebellion ; President Houphouët-Boigny of Côte d'Ivoire , who was facing mounting dissent ; and President Mobutu of Zaïre , who was dealing with a crisis over the alleged massacre of students at Lubumbashi .
notable absentees included president doe of liberia , [now] threatened by a rebellion ; president houphouët-boigny of côte d'ivoire , who was facing mounting dissent ; and president mobutu of zaïre , who was dealing with a crisis over the alleged massacre of students at lubumbashi .

Walesa argued , however , that such a system would politicize the union , and that it would undermine the rights of the thousands of non-government supporters who currently belonged to Solidarity .
walesa argued , however , that such a system would politicize the union , and that it would undermine the rights of the thousands of non-government supporters who [now] belonged to solidarity .

The Kingdom of Thailand ( formerly Siam ) is a constitutional monarchy with a bicameral parliament consisting of a 261-member Senate appointed by the monarch , currently King Bhumipol Adulyadej , on the recommendation of the Prime Minister , and a 347-member House of Representatives elected for a four-year term by universal adult suffrage .
the kingdom of thailand ( formerly siam ) is a constitutional monarchy with a bicameral parliament consisting of a 261-member senate appointed by the monarch , [now] king bhumipol adulyadej , on the recommendation of the prime minister , and a 347-member house of representatives elected for a four-year term by universal adult suffrage .

The upper house ( House of Lords ) is appointed on a partly hereditary and partly non-hereditary ( life ) basis and also includes certain senior judges and 26 bishops of the Church of England ; it currently comprises approximately 1,200 members .
the upper house ( house of lords ) is appointed on a partly hereditary and partly non-hereditary ( life ) basis and also includes certain senior judges and 26 bishops of the church of england ; it [now] comprises approximately 1,200 members .

The Cabinet as such currently comprises 22 members , while there are outside the Cabinet about 30 ministers of the rank of minister of state or equivalent and a further approximately 50 parliamentary under-secretaries of state , parliamentary secretaries of state , government whips and government spokespersons in the House of Lords .
the cabinet as such [now] comprises 22 members , while there are outside the cabinet about 30 ministers of the rank of minister of state or equivalent and a further approximately 50 parliamentary under-secretaries of state , parliamentary secretaries of state , government whips and government spokespersons in the house of lords .

Under its 1937 Constitution the Republic of Ireland is `` a sovereign , independent democratic state `` with a President ( Uachtarán na hÉireann , currently Patrick Hillery ) elected for a seven-year term by direct vote .
under its 1937 constitution the republic of ireland is `` a sovereign , independent democratic state `` with a president ( uachtarán na héireann , [now] patrick hillery ) elected for a seven-year term by direct vote .

According to the provisions of the 1976 Constitution ( with revisions made in 1982 , and in 1989 — see p. 36857 ) the head of state is the President ( currently Mário Soares ) , elected by universal adult suffrage for a five-year term .
according to the provisions of the 1976 constitution ( with revisions made in 1982 , and in 1989 — see p. 36857 ) the head of state is the president ( [now] mário soares ) , elected by universal adult suffrage for a five-year term .

It has a Governor ( currently Adml .
it has a governor ( [now] adml .

Following the judgment , it was unclear whether Hopkins — currently a budget and policy review officer at the World Bank — would accept the opportunity of returning to Price Waterhouse .
following the judgment , it was unclear whether hopkins — [now] a budget and policy review officer at the world bank — would accept the opportunity of returning to price waterhouse .

Chinese officials also estimated that there were 680 Tibetans , many of them Buddhist monks and nuns , currently in detention for pro-independence activities .
chinese officials also estimated that there were 680 tibetans , many of them buddhist monks and nuns , [now] in detention for pro-independence activities .

On April 30 the Japanese and South Korean Foreign Ministers held talks in Seoul at which it was agreed to relax restrictions currently applied to the 680,000 Koreans resident in Japan , many of whom were descendants of the 2,500,000 Koreans transported by the Japanese colonial administration for use as forced labour .
on april 30 the japanese and south korean foreign ministers held talks in seoul at which it was agreed to relax restrictions [now] applied to the 680,000 koreans resident in japan , many of whom were descendants of the 2,500,000 koreans transported by the japanese colonial administration for use as forced labour .

Since the onset of the debt crisis in the early 1980s more than 70 countries were currently having serious debt problems .
since the onset of the debt crisis in the early 1980s more than 70 countries were [now] having serious debt problems .

Under a new Constitution approved in a national referendum on Sept. 30 , 1987 [ see p. 35758 ] , ultimate authority now rests in theory with a 51-member National Assembly , elected for a five-year term ; executive authority rests with the President , elected by the National Assembly ( currently Ramsewak Shankar who , elected on Jan. 12 , 1988 , took office on Jan. 25 — see p. 35759 ) , as head of state , head of government , head of the armed forces , and Chair of the Council of State ( the successor of the Supreme Council ) and of the Security Council ( which was to assume all government functions in the event of `` war , state of siege or exceptional circumstances to be determined by law `` ) .
under a new constitution approved in a national referendum on sept. 30 , 1987 [ see p. 35758 ] , ultimate authority now rests in theory with a 51-member national assembly , elected for a five-year term ; executive authority rests with the president , elected by the national assembly ( [now] ramsewak shankar who , elected on jan. 12 , 1988 , took office on jan. 25 — see p. 35759 ) , as head of state , head of government , head of the armed forces , and chair of the council of state ( the successor of the supreme council ) and of the security council ( which was to assume all government functions in the event of `` war , state of siege or exceptional circumstances to be determined by law `` ) .

The head of state is the President of the Republic ( currently Francesco Cossiga ) , elected for a seven-year term by an electoral college made up of both Houses of Parliament and 58 regional representatives .
the head of state is the president of the republic ( [now] francesco cossiga ) , elected for a seven-year term by an electoral college made up of both houses of parliament and 58 regional representatives .

The offices of President and Vice-President of the Presidency ( currently Borisav Jovic and Stipe Suvar respectively ) rotate among the members annually in May .
the offices of president and vice-president of the presidency ( [now] borisav jovic and stipe suvar respectively ) rotate among the members annually in may .

The head of state is the President of the Republic ( currently Konstantinos Karamanlis , who has largely ceremonial functions and is elected by Parliament for a five-year term .
the head of state is the president of the republic ( [now] konstantinos karamanlis , who has largely ceremonial functions and is elected by parliament for a five-year term .

The Greek Foreign Ministry estimated that of the estimated 500,000 Pontians currently in the Soviet Union at least 20 per cent would be likely to emigrate to Greece .
the greek foreign ministry estimated that of the estimated 500,000 pontians [now] in the soviet union at least 20 per cent would be likely to emigrate to greece .

They agreed that assistance provided by the `` Group of 24 `` industrialized countries ( from which only Poland and Hungary currently benefited — see pp .
they agreed that assistance provided by the `` group of 24 `` industrialized countries ( from which only poland and hungary [now] benefited — see pp .

All were believed to have belonged to the secret Civil Co-operation Bureau , whose activities were currently under investigation in South Africa [ see p. 37234 ] .
all were believed to have belonged to the secret civil co-operation bureau , whose activities were [now] under investigation in south africa [ see p. 37234 ] .

The television station had been conceived by the Reagan administration as an extension of the propaganda service currently provided by the US-funded Radio Martí , based in the Florida Keys and established in 1985 [ see p. 33917 ] .
the television station had been conceived by the reagan administration as an extension of the propaganda service [now] provided by the us-funded radio martí , based in the florida keys and established in 1985 [ see p. 33917 ] .

Its party chairman , Ivan Velkov , declared that it had existed as a `` political circle `` since the end of 1988 and as a party since Dec. 30 , 1989 , and that it currently had 10,000 members and adherents .
its party chairman , ivan velkov , declared that it had existed as a `` political circle `` since the end of 1988 and as a party since dec. 30 , 1989 , and that it [now] had 10,000 members and adherents .

As in the two previous elections , campaigning was dominated by economic issues , in particular the problems of the public-sector deficit , external debt and high inflation ( currently running at 17.8 per cent , by far the highest in the European Communities ) .
as in the two previous elections , campaigning was dominated by economic issues , in particular the problems of the public-sector deficit , external debt and high inflation ( [now] running at 17.8 per cent , by far the highest in the european communities ) .

The head of state is the executive President , currently Didier Ratsiraka ; elected for seven years by universal adult suffrage , the President is also chairman of the Supreme Revolutionary Council , which is defined in the Constitution as `` the guardian of the Malagasy Socialist Revolution `` .
the head of state is the executive president , [now] didier ratsiraka ; elected for seven years by universal adult suffrage , the president is also chairman of the supreme revolutionary council , which is defined in the constitution as `` the guardian of the malagasy socialist revolution `` .

Executive power is formally vested in the British monarchy , represented by a Governor-General ( currently Sir Veerasamy Ringadoo ) who acts on the advice of a Council of Ministers .
executive power is formally vested in the british monarchy , represented by a governor-general ( [now] sir veerasamy ringadoo ) who acts on the advice of a council of ministers .

The Governor-General appoints the Prime Minister ( currently Aneerood Jugnauth ) , and on the latter 's advice , the other members of the Council of Ministers , who are responsible to the Assembly .
the governor-general appoints the prime minister ( [now] aneerood jugnauth ) , and on the latter 's advice , the other members of the council of ministers , who are responsible to the assembly .

The Department of Defence announced on Jan. 11 , 1990 , that it was to streamline its weapons procurement system in a move to save $ 39,000 million over a five-year period ; the changes , it said , would involve some 42,000 job losses among the 600,000 staff currently engaged in some 15,000,000 transactions a year .
the department of defence announced on jan. 11 , 1990 , that it was to streamline its weapons procurement system in a move to save $ 39,000 million over a five-year period ; the changes , it said , would involve some 42,000 job losses among the 600,000 staff [now] engaged in some 15,000,000 transactions a year .

On Jan. 31 Seidman suggested that the government should consider reviving some thrifts , if they appeared to be financially healthy , instead of taking them over , and said that a feasibility study was currently under way to explore the possibility .
on jan. 31 seidman suggested that the government should consider reviving some thrifts , if they appeared to be financially healthy , instead of taking them over , and said that a feasibility study was [now] under way to explore the possibility .

The Dominion of Canada is a member of the Commonwealth with the British sovereign as head of state represented by a Governor-General ( currently Ramon Hnatyshyn ) .
the dominion of canada is a member of the commonwealth with the british sovereign as head of state represented by a governor-general ( [now] ramon hnatyshyn ) .

Considerable decentralization of federal authority to the provincial governments is provided by the 1987 Meech Lake Accord [ see p. 35451 ] currently awaiting formal ratification .
considerable decentralization of federal authority to the provincial governments is provided by the 1987 meech lake accord [ see p. 35451 ] [now] awaiting formal ratification .

The two territories , in which the chief executive officer is the federally appointed Commissioner , currently enjoy differing degrees of responsible government .
the two territories , in which the chief executive officer is the federally appointed commissioner , [now] enjoy differing degrees of responsible government .

The State of Kuwait , which became independent in 1961 when it ceased to be a British protectorate , is governed by the Amir ( currently Shaikh Jabir al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah ) , who is chosen by and from among the royal family , and who appoints the Council of Ministers .
the state of kuwait , which became independent in 1961 when it ceased to be a british protectorate , is governed by the amir ( [now] shaikh jabir al ahmad al jabir as sabah ) , who is chosen by and from among the royal family , and who appoints the council of ministers .

34012 ; 36312 ; 36952 ] , chiefly involving the purchase of Tornado fighter-bombers built by British Aerospace ( BAe ) and currently estimated to be worth some £20,000 million .
34012 ; 36312 ; 36952 ] , chiefly involving the purchase of tornado fighter-bombers built by british aerospace ( bae ) and [now] estimated to be worth some £20,000 million .

It is an absolute monarchy , whose head of state , the Amir ( currently Shaikh Isa bin Sulman al-Khalifa ) , governs through an appointed Cabinet .
it is an absolute monarchy , whose head of state , the amir ( [now] shaikh isa bin sulman al-khalifa ) , governs through an appointed cabinet .

It is an absolute monarchy ; the Amir ( currently Shaikh Khalifa bin Hamad al-Thani ) appoints a Cabinet , in which he occupies the office of Prime Minister .
it is an absolute monarchy ; the amir ( [now] shaikh khalifa bin hamad al-thani ) appoints a cabinet , in which he occupies the office of prime minister .

These included prisoners serving life sentences for their part in a coup attempt in 1980 , namely Edward Shamwana , Goodwin Yoram Mumba , Albert Chilambe Chimbalile and Deogratia Symba [ see p. 32179 ] , as well as Lt.-Gen. Christon Tembo and three other Army officers currently on trial for treason in connection with a 1988 coup plot [ see p. 37557 ] .
these included prisoners serving life sentences for their part in a coup attempt in 1980 , namely edward shamwana , goodwin yoram mumba , albert chilambe chimbalile and deogratia symba [ see p. 32179 ] , as well as lt.-gen. christon tembo and three other army officers [now] on trial for treason in connection with a 1988 coup plot [ see p. 37557 ] .

The Zambian leader , currently facing serious internal unrest [ see p. 37523 ] , had previously used international statesmanship to assist him in solving domestic problems .
the zambian leader , [now] facing serious internal unrest [ see p. 37523 ] , had previously used international statesmanship to assist him in solving domestic problems .

Currently the only group claiming to be a nationwide opposition party was the Association for a Yugoslav Democratic Initiative [ referred to on p. 36470 as the Initiative for a Democratic Yugoslavia ] .
[now] the only group claiming to be a nationwide opposition party was the association for a yugoslav democratic initiative [ referred to on p. 36470 as the initiative for a democratic yugoslavia ] .

Since the currently accumulating social security receipts were invested in Treasury securities , however , they were being used to fund the current budget deficit .
since the [now] accumulating social security receipts were invested in treasury securities , however , they were being used to fund the current budget deficit .

The unicameral People 's Assembly , which is elected by universal adult suffrage for a five-year term , nominates the President ( currently Mohammed Hosni Mubarak ) , who is confirmed by popular referendum for a six-year term .
the unicameral people 's assembly , which is elected by universal adult suffrage for a five-year term , nominates the president ( [now] mohammed hosni mubarak ) , who is confirmed by popular referendum for a six-year term .

According to leaked Cabinet documents , planned compensation would total £135 million , although the farms were currently valued at £850 million , and the proposal was inevitably seen as posing a threat to the position of the country 's white farming community .
according to leaked cabinet documents , planned compensation would total £135 million , although the farms were [now] valued at £850 million , and the proposal was inevitably seen as posing a threat to the position of the country 's white farming community .

Although many familiar Pacific issues were discussed — including drift-net fishing and the liberation struggle within the French territory of New Caledonia — the conference was dominated by the single issue of United States plans to use Johnston Atoll , some 1,130 km south-west of Honolulu , as an incineration site for its stockpile of chemical weapons currently stored in West Germany .
although many familiar pacific issues were discussed — including drift-net fishing and the liberation struggle within the french territory of new caledonia — the conference was dominated by the single issue of united states plans to use johnston atoll , some 1,130 km south-west of honolulu , as an incineration site for its stockpile of chemical weapons [now] stored in west germany .

The Bundesrat ( West German upper house of parliament ) was to be reconstituted according to a new allocation system , giving seats to each Land according to population from a minimum of three — as currently — to a maximum of eight ( instead of the present maximum of five ) .
the bundesrat ( west german upper house of parliament ) was to be reconstituted according to a new allocation system , giving seats to each land according to population from a minimum of three — as [now] — to a maximum of eight ( instead of the present maximum of five ) .

Hong Kong is administered by a British-appointed Governor ( currently Sir David Wilson ) who presides over an Executive Council ( with four ex-officio members and 10 nominated members ) and a Legislative Council ( Legco ) consisting of three of the ex-officio Executive Council members , seven other ex-officio members , 20 appointed members and 26 elected members ( 12 chosen by an electoral college and 14 by " functional constituencies " ) .
hong kong is administered by a british-appointed governor ( [now] sir david wilson ) who presides over an executive council ( with four ex-officio members and 10 nominated members ) and a legislative council ( legco ) consisting of three of the ex-officio executive council members , seven other ex-officio members , 20 appointed members and 26 elected members ( 12 chosen by an electoral college and 14 by " functional constituencies " ) .

Executive power is vested in the Governor ( currently Carlos Melancia ) , who is assisted by five Secretaries-Adjunct with executive powers , and who presides over a Superior Council of Security and over a Consultative Council .
executive power is vested in the governor ( [now] carlos melancia ) , who is assisted by five secretaries-adjunct with executive powers , and who presides over a superior council of security and over a consultative council .

Under its 1949 Basic Law ( Constitution ) , the Federal Republic of Germany ( West Germany ) is a `` democratic and social federal state `` whose organs are ( i ) the Federal Diet ( Bundestag ) , the lower house of parliament , comprising 497 members elected for a four-year term by a mixed system of proportional representation and direct voting , and 22 members elected by the West Berlin House of Representatives ; ( ii ) the Federal Council ( Bundesrat ) , the upper house of parliament , comprising 41 members of the governments of the Republic 's 10 Länder ( states ) and four representatives appointed by the West Berlin Senate ; ( iii ) the Federal President ( Bundespräsident — currently Richard von Weizsäcker ) elected for a five-year term by the Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) comprising the members of the Bundestag and an equal number of delegates nominated by the Länder parliaments ; and ( iv ) the federal government ( Bundesregierung ) consisting of the Federal Chancellor ( Bundeskanzler — currently Helmut Kohl ) elected by the Bundestag on the proposal of the Federal President and his or her ministers .
under its 1949 basic law ( constitution ) , the federal republic of germany ( west germany ) is a `` democratic and social federal state `` whose organs are ( i ) the federal diet ( bundestag ) , the lower house of parliament , comprising 497 members elected for a four-year term by a mixed system of proportional representation and direct voting , and 22 members elected by the west berlin house of representatives ; ( ii ) the federal council ( bundesrat ) , the upper house of parliament , comprising 41 members of the governments of the republic 's 10 länder ( states ) and four representatives appointed by the west berlin senate ; ( iii ) the federal president ( bundespräsident — [now] richard von weizsäcker ) elected for a five-year term by the federal assembly ( bundesversammlung ) comprising the members of the bundestag and an equal number of delegates nominated by the länder parliaments ; and ( iv ) the federal government ( bundesregierung ) consisting of the federal chancellor ( bundeskanzler — [now] helmut kohl ) elected by the bundestag on the proposal of the federal president and his or her ministers .

The monarch , currently Queen Beatrix , retains largely formal prerogatives , exercising executive authority through the Council of Ministers .
the monarch , [now] queen beatrix , retains largely formal prerogatives , exercising executive authority through the council of ministers .

The constitutional monarch ( currently King Baudouin ) , as head of state , has limited powers ( including the appointment of `` formateurs `` to negotiate the formation of new governments ) , but nevertheless serves as a unifying influence within a linguistically divided country .
the constitutional monarch ( [now] king baudouin ) , as head of state , has limited powers ( including the appointment of `` formateurs `` to negotiate the formation of new governments ) , but nevertheless serves as a unifying influence within a linguistically divided country .

The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is a constitutional hereditary monarchy in which the head of state , the Grand Duke , currently Grand Duke Jean , exercises executive power through a Council of Ministers led by the President ( Prime Minister — currently Jacques Santer ) .
the grand duchy of luxembourg is a constitutional hereditary monarchy in which the head of state , the grand duke , [now] grand duke jean , exercises executive power through a council of ministers led by the president ( prime minister — [now] jacques santer ) .

The Federal President ( Bundespräsident , currently Kurt Waldheim ) is elected for a six-year term by universal suffrage and can not serve more than two terms of office .
the federal president ( bundespräsident , [now] kurt waldheim ) is elected for a six-year term by universal suffrage and can not serve more than two terms of office .

The President 's functions are primarily ceremonial but include the appointment of the Federal Chancellor ( Bundeskanzler or head of government , currently Franz Vranitzky ) and , at the Chancellor 's recommendation , the other members of the government .
the president 's functions are primarily ceremonial but include the appointment of the federal chancellor ( bundeskanzler or head of government , [now] franz vranitzky ) and , at the chancellor 's recommendation , the other members of the government .

Also on trial with Proksch were Hans Peter Daimler , currently in custody in West Germany , and an Army officer , Johann Edelmaier .
also on trial with proksch were hans peter daimler , [now] in custody in west germany , and an army officer , johann edelmaier .

Executive power lies with the Federal Council ( Bundesrat ) of seven members elected by the Federal Assembly , which also elects in December for the succeeding year two Federal Council members to be President and Vice-President ( head and deputy head of state , currently Arnold Koller and Flavio Cotti respectively ) .
executive power lies with the federal council ( bundesrat ) of seven members elected by the federal assembly , which also elects in december for the succeeding year two federal council members to be president and vice-president ( head and deputy head of state , [now] arnold koller and flavio cotti respectively ) .

The Principality of Liechtenstein is a constitutional and hereditary monarchy which , under its 1921 Constitution , has a government appointed by the Prince on the proposal of the Landtag ( parliament ) , which currently comprises 25 members .
the principality of liechtenstein is a constitutional and hereditary monarchy which , under its 1921 constitution , has a government appointed by the prince on the proposal of the landtag ( parliament ) , which [now] comprises 25 members .

Other changes upgraded the post of the Prime Minister ( a position currently held by Selim al Hoss ) and the Cabinet and reduced the powers of the presidency .
other changes upgraded the post of the prime minister ( a position [now] held by selim al hoss ) and the cabinet and reduced the powers of the presidency .

The President of the Presidium , currently Ramiz Alia , is the head of state .
the president of the presidium , [now] ramiz alia , is the head of state .

There were , he said , currently only 3,850 people serving sentences in prisons and re-education centres for all types of offences ( roughly 1.2 per 1,000 population ) ; of these 83 had been convicted for attempting the violent overthrow of the state , the most serious political offence .
there were , he said , [now] only 3,850 people serving sentences in prisons and re-education centres for all types of offences ( roughly 1.2 per 1,000 population ) ; of these 83 had been convicted for attempting the violent overthrow of the state , the most serious political offence .

The President ( currently Chaim Herzog ) is elected every five years , and appoints a Prime Minister ( currently Itzhak Shamir ) on the basis of the distribution of power between parties in the Knesset ( parliament ) , which is itself elected for a maximum of four years .
the president ( [now] chaim herzog ) is elected every five years , and appoints a prime minister ( [now] itzhak shamir ) on the basis of the distribution of power between parties in the knesset ( parliament ) , which is itself elected for a maximum of four years .

It is a constitutional monarchy in which the King ( currently King Hussein Ibn Talal ) appoints a Prime Minister ( currently Mudar Badran who in turn selects a Council of Ministers ; this last is responsible to the bicameral National Assembly , consisting of the House of Notables ( Senate ) and the House of Representatives .
it is a constitutional monarchy in which the king ( [now] king hussein ibn talal ) appoints a prime minister ( [now] mudar badran who in turn selects a council of ministers ; this last is responsible to the bicameral national assembly , consisting of the house of notables ( senate ) and the house of representatives .

Executive power is vested in the President ( currently Lt.-Gen. Hafez al-Assad ) , who is elected every seven years by universal adult suffrage and who appoints the Vice-Presidents and the Council of Ministers .
executive power is vested in the president ( [now] lt.-gen. hafez al-assad ) , who is elected every seven years by universal adult suffrage and who appoints the vice-presidents and the council of ministers .

Thus , the President ( currently Elias Hrawi ) is by convention a Maronite Christian , the Prime Minister ( currently Selim al Hoss ) a Sunni Moslem and the Speaker of the ( unicameral ) National Assembly a Shia Moslem .
thus , the president ( [now] elias hrawi ) is by convention a maronite christian , the prime minister ( [now] selim al hoss ) a sunni moslem and the speaker of the ( unicameral ) national assembly a shia moslem .

Gorbachev revealed that a law on establishing new political parties was currently being drafted .
gorbachev revealed that a law on establishing new political parties was [now] being drafted .

Mozambique 's Frelimo government had abandoned rigid Marxist-Leninist ideology in the course of 1989 [ see p. 36804 ] , and the draft of a new constitution was currently being debated .
mozambique 's frelimo government had abandoned rigid marxist-leninist ideology in the course of 1989 [ see p. 36804 ] , and the draft of a new constitution was [now] being debated .

The bill , which would outlaw over 90 per cent of the abortions currently allowed within the state , imposed severe criminal penalties on doctors who failed to comply with its terms .
the bill , which would outlaw over 90 per cent of the abortions [now] allowed within the state , imposed severe criminal penalties on doctors who failed to comply with its terms .

Peter Walker , the Secretary of State for Wales , confirmed on March 4 that he intended to leave the government at a future point in order to be able to spend more time with his family ; it was subsequently announced on March 14 that he would be succeeded in late May by David Hunt , currently Minister for Local Government and Inner Cities , who would enter the Cabinet for the first time .
peter walker , the secretary of state for wales , confirmed on march 4 that he intended to leave the government at a future point in order to be able to spend more time with his family ; it was subsequently announced on march 14 that he would be succeeded in late may by david hunt , [now] minister for local government and inner cities , who would enter the cabinet for the first time .

As an autonomous region , Tibet ( Xizang ) has its own legislature ( Local People 's Congress , whose Chairman is currently Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme ) and is administered by a People 's Government ( whose Chairman is currently Doje Cering ) ; since pro-independence demonstrations in September and October 1987 [ see pp .
as an autonomous region , tibet ( xizang ) has its own legislature ( local people 's congress , whose chairman is [now] ngapoi ngawang jigme ) and is administered by a people 's government ( whose chairman is [now] doje cering ) ; since pro-independence demonstrations in september and october 1987 [ see pp .

The Kingdom of Bhutan is a hereditary limited monarchy in which power is shared between the King ( assisted by a Royal Advisory Council ) , the Council of Ministers , the National Assembly ( Tsogdu ) and the monastic head of the Kingdom 's Buddhist priesthood ( currently Venerable Dorji Lopon Tenzin Dhondrub ) .
the kingdom of bhutan is a hereditary limited monarchy in which power is shared between the king ( assisted by a royal advisory council ) , the council of ministers , the national assembly ( tsogdu ) and the monastic head of the kingdom 's buddhist priesthood ( [now] venerable dorji lopon tenzin dhondrub ) .

In acknowledgement of the urgent need for reform in this area , de Klerk proposed initially that henceforth : ( i ) the death penalty would be limited as an option of sentence to extreme cases , and the area of judicial discretion in the imposition of sentence would be broadened ( currently the death sentence was mandatory for certain crimes ) ; ( ii ) all those sentenced to death would be granted automatic right of appeal — up till now there had been no appeal against this sentence ; ( iii ) no further executions would be carried out until Parliament had decided on the proposals .
in acknowledgement of the urgent need for reform in this area , de klerk proposed initially that henceforth : ( i ) the death penalty would be limited as an option of sentence to extreme cases , and the area of judicial discretion in the imposition of sentence would be broadened ( [now] the death sentence was mandatory for certain crimes ) ; ( ii ) all those sentenced to death would be granted automatic right of appeal — up till now there had been no appeal against this sentence ; ( iii ) no further executions would be carried out until parliament had decided on the proposals .

On the following day the portfolio was taken on by Ali Bozer , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of State currently responsible for Turkey 's relations with the European Communities .
on the following day the portfolio was taken on by ali bozer , deputy prime minister and minister of state [now] responsible for turkey 's relations with the european communities .

Executive power is vested in the President ( currently Daniel Ortega Saavedra ) , who is the head of state and Commander-in-Chief of the Defence and Security Forces and who governs with the assistance of a Vice-President and an appointed Cabinet .
executive power is vested in the president ( [now] daniel ortega saavedra ) , who is the head of state and commander-in-chief of the defence and security forces and who governs with the assistance of a vice-president and an appointed cabinet .

Currently the work is on schedule .
[now] the work is on schedule .

The following is a list of some of the available material on courses of higher education currently offered at universities , polytechnics and colleges .
the following is a list of some of the available material on courses of higher education [now] offered at universities , polytechnics and colleges .

The only way to determine which of these possible readings best explain the behaviour of voters in different localities is through an in-depth study of all the constituencies in England and Wales , such as is currently being undertaken by the History of Parliament Trust .
the only way to determine which of these possible readings best explain the behaviour of voters in different localities is through an in-depth study of all the constituencies in england and wales , such as is [now] being undertaken by the history of parliament trust .

But this is in a school where a high proportion of the children know people and have relatives who have been ( or currently are ) in prison .
but this is in a school where a high proportion of the children know people and have relatives who have been ( or [now] are ) in prison .

Even if the troops currently under arms could be knocked into shape , finding yet more reserves of manpower was going to be difficult .
even if the troops [now] under arms could be knocked into shape , finding yet more reserves of manpower was going to be difficult .

Currently the most widely known ( and also most widely criticized ) theory on the subject is that of Noam Chomsky who has pointed out that , although children have to learn the meanings of individual words from their elders ( which would make language a phenomenon of culture ) , they seem to know how to string words together so as to distinguish sense from nonsense long before they have acquired any substantial vocabulary .
[now] the most widely known ( and also most widely criticized ) theory on the subject is that of noam chomsky who has pointed out that , although children have to learn the meanings of individual words from their elders ( which would make language a phenomenon of culture ) , they seem to know how to string words together so as to distinguish sense from nonsense long before they have acquired any substantial vocabulary .

If the current owner does not wish to continue with an involvement in the business after its sale but currently has a day to day role in the business it is important to address this issue and to demonstrate the ability of the remainder of the management team to perform without him .
if the current owner does not wish to continue with an involvement in the business after its sale but [now] has a day to day role in the business it is important to address this issue and to demonstrate the ability of the remainder of the management team to perform without him .

Identify in your memo what information is currently available or can be expected later , and whether the company has been on the market before .
identify in your memo what information is [now] available or can be expected later , and whether the company has been on the market before .

Searching this database on the company name will tell you whether or not we currently maintain a file for them .
searching this database on the company name will tell you whether or not we [now] maintain a file for them .

[ Name ] currently employs approximately [ x ] personnel as follows :
[ name ] [now] employs approximately [ x ] personnel as follows :

Unfortunately your offer , as currently expressed , is not sufficiently interesting to my clients .
unfortunately your offer , as [now] expressed , is not sufficiently interesting to my clients .

No provision is to be made for future rentals of warehouse or office space not currently used
no provision is to be made for future rentals of warehouse or office space not [now] used

No redundancies are foreseen and a relocation is not currently intended .
no redundancies are foreseen and a relocation is not [now] intended .

The photo illustrates the two basic patterns currently in use .
the photo illustrates the two basic patterns [now] in use .

These features are worth remembering if you are currently exploring a new stretch of river .
these features are worth remembering if you are [now] exploring a new stretch of river .

Taking the game in 1986 , Lea-Anna 's first handicap was 36 , but her progression has been extremely rapid and she is currently playing off 15 .
taking the game in 1986 , lea-anna 's first handicap was 36 , but her progression has been extremely rapid and she is [now] playing off 15 .

However , all currently proposed goal programming investment models utilise a priority structure formulation which is felt to be inappropriate to the dynamic environment in which most investment decisions are taken .
however , all [now] proposed goal programming investment models utilise a priority structure formulation which is felt to be inappropriate to the dynamic environment in which most investment decisions are taken .

British trade unions currently employ about 3,000 full-time officials engaged in organisation , recruitment , negotiation and a wide range of other duties .
british trade unions [now] employ about 3,000 full-time officials engaged in organisation , recruitment , negotiation and a wide range of other duties .

This currently funded project represents the first stage of this research .
this [now] funded project represents the first stage of this research .

The research involves eight detailed case studies in two sectors currently affected by ‘ market-oriented ’ change : the National Health Service and Industrial Research and Development .
the research involves eight detailed case studies in two sectors [now] affected by ‘ market-oriented ’ change : the national health service and industrial research and development .

The project compares and analyses these methods and processes in a sample of establishments which are either planning or currently operationalising major organisational or technological change .
the project compares and analyses these methods and processes in a sample of establishments which are either planning or [now] operationalising major organisational or technological change .

1 ) What voluntary information disclosures are currently provided by these companies ?
1 ) what voluntary information disclosures are [now] provided by these companies ?

This project is an intensive study of one rural area , Hay-on-Wye and its surrounding area , to identify the current employment situation , how this situation is likely to develop , what policies are currently being pursued to promote employment , how effective these are and could be and what is the role of private development in the creation of jobs .
this project is an intensive study of one rural area , hay-on-wye and its surrounding area , to identify the current employment situation , how this situation is likely to develop , what policies are [now] being pursued to promote employment , how effective these are and could be and what is the role of private development in the creation of jobs .

It is currently being investigated in detail as part of an overall transport strategy which might include infrastructure provision and traffic management .
it is [now] being investigated in detail as part of an overall transport strategy which might include infrastructure provision and traffic management .

In the last decade the number of individuals claiming Invalidity Benefit has doubled ; the transfer currently costs the Treasury approximately 3.5 billion pounds .
in the last decade the number of individuals claiming invalidity benefit has doubled ; the transfer [now] costs the treasury approximately 3.5 billion pounds .

Currently there is concern that accelerated rates of scrappings of industrial assets , which may have occurred in the economic and financial conditions of recent years , could have distorted the valuation of Britain 's capital stock .
[now] there is concern that accelerated rates of scrappings of industrial assets , which may have occurred in the economic and financial conditions of recent years , could have distorted the valuation of britain 's capital stock .

Currently there is a glut of waste paper and much recyclable paper is being landfilled ( at a cost of at least 4 per tonne ) .
[now] there is a glut of waste paper and much recyclable paper is being landfilled ( at a cost of at least 4 per tonne ) .

The economies of both Britain and France are currently undergoing major changes , and in both countries , this requires a great deal of flexibility in their respective labour forces .
the economies of both britain and france are [now] undergoing major changes , and in both countries , this requires a great deal of flexibility in their respective labour forces .

The main aim of this project is to provide better models for assessing a country 's creditworthiness and foreign debt-servicing problems than those currently available .
the main aim of this project is to provide better models for assessing a country 's creditworthiness and foreign debt-servicing problems than those [now] available .

The public housing sector is currently undergoing rapid change and many commentators are referring to the ‘ residualisation ’ of the sector .
the public housing sector is [now] undergoing rapid change and many commentators are referring to the ‘ residualisation ’ of the sector .

In a recent book ‘ Privatisation and Regulation ’ , edited by John Kay , Colin Mayer and David Thompson ( currently or associated with the Institute of Fiscal Studies ) , privatisation was identified as having one of three forms : denationalisation , deregulation and franchising .
in a recent book ‘ privatisation and regulation ’ , edited by john kay , colin mayer and david thompson ( [now] or associated with the institute of fiscal studies ) , privatisation was identified as having one of three forms : denationalisation , deregulation and franchising .

Among the projects currently being undertaken are :
among the projects [now] being undertaken are :

Currently the Centre is studying wage determination at a more micro level .
[now] the centre is studying wage determination at a more micro level .

The Unit is currently carrying out research into the role of health promotion policy both within the Scottish context and cross-nationally .
the unit is [now] carrying out research into the role of health promotion policy both within the scottish context and cross-nationally .

The Eagles are currently well placed in the premier division of the British National Grid Iron League and favourites to beat the Granite City Oilers for a place in the British Champion play offs .
the eagles are [now] well placed in the premier division of the british national grid iron league and favourites to beat the granite city oilers for a place in the british champion play offs .

He is currently working on a series of photographs of buskers — he simply approaches them in the street and asks them to come to his studio .
he is [now] working on a series of photographs of buskers — he simply approaches them in the street and asks them to come to his studio .

The Court of Criminal Appeal 's role and practices are currently under consideration by the Royal Commission on Criminal Justice .
the court of criminal appeal 's role and practices are [now] under consideration by the royal commission on criminal justice .

Prison regimes are subject to pressures for change from many quarters and several aspects of prison practices are currently under review .
prison regimes are subject to pressures for change from many quarters and several aspects of prison practices are [now] under review .

However , despite the importance of the issue , there has been little empirical research on the ways in which decisions are currently made by the prison authorities or the implications of these decisions for the prison service .
however , despite the importance of the issue , there has been little empirical research on the ways in which decisions are [now] made by the prison authorities or the implications of these decisions for the prison service .

The central aim of the study was to explore the nature of the overall service provided by the police to the public : ‘ policing on the ground ’ , focussing on everyday policing , and to describe the priorities currently being given by the police to the various parts of their workload in response to demand from the public .
the central aim of the study was to explore the nature of the overall service provided by the police to the public : ‘ policing on the ground ’ , focussing on everyday policing , and to describe the priorities [now] being given by the police to the various parts of their workload in response to demand from the public .

This research proposes to investigate the nature and extent of the social segregation of the male long-term unemployed in Hartlepool , a town currently experiencing an official male unemployment rate of 21.3 % .
this research proposes to investigate the nature and extent of the social segregation of the male long-term unemployed in hartlepool , a town [now] experiencing an official male unemployment rate of 21.3 % .

Despite its potential , however , currently few women actually use the method , whether on its own or in conjunction with another form of contraception .
despite its potential , however , [now] few women actually use the method , whether on its own or in conjunction with another form of contraception .

Regional Councils currently spend more than £300 million a year on Social Work Services , or some 10 % of their total expenditure .
regional councils [now] spend more than £300 million a year on social work services , or some 10 % of their total expenditure .

The possibility of ‘ practical utility ’ is currently the most pervasive and persuasive justification available in industrial societies for the development of specific areas of knowledge .
the possibility of ‘ practical utility ’ is [now] the most pervasive and persuasive justification available in industrial societies for the development of specific areas of knowledge .

Several teams of infrared astronomers are currently building cameras incorporating mosaic detector arrays .
several teams of infrared astronomers are [now] building cameras incorporating mosaic detector arrays .

The seven projects are now concluded and the resultant findings are currently being disseminated .
the seven projects are now concluded and the resultant findings are [now] being disseminated .

With a view to identifying these factors , the researchers aim to study a group of nine to thirteen-year olds currently in medium/long-term foster care together with their carers and compare their social and educational experiences with those of a control group of children living with their own families but known to social services departments and receiving help .
with a view to identifying these factors , the researchers aim to study a group of nine to thirteen-year olds [now] in medium/long-term foster care together with their carers and compare their social and educational experiences with those of a control group of children living with their own families but known to social services departments and receiving help .

This will make it possible to suggest ways in which the massive foreign aid efforts currently under way to prevent very serious and increasing food and fuel deficiencies be made more effective .
this will make it possible to suggest ways in which the massive foreign aid efforts [now] under way to prevent very serious and increasing food and fuel deficiencies be made more effective .

The garment industry has traditionally provided entrepreneurial opportunities for incoming immigrants , and this is reflected in the wide spectrum of ethnic groups currently involved in it .
the garment industry has traditionally provided entrepreneurial opportunities for incoming immigrants , and this is reflected in the wide spectrum of ethnic groups [now] involved in it .

Large numbers of microcomputers are currently being introduced into primary schools , and as yet there is little knowledge of how these machines are being used in the classroom , or how the teachers themselves view the use of this technology in primary education .
large numbers of microcomputers are [now] being introduced into primary schools , and as yet there is little knowledge of how these machines are being used in the classroom , or how the teachers themselves view the use of this technology in primary education .

Parental involvement is currently a major issue in primary education , and reading is the main area where schools are now seeking to involve parents directly in the curriculum .
parental involvement is [now] a major issue in primary education , and reading is the main area where schools are now seeking to involve parents directly in the curriculum .

The programme of education reforms currently being introduced by central government requires schools simultaneously to introduce several major innovations .
the programme of education reforms [now] being introduced by central government requires schools simultaneously to introduce several major innovations .

School Development Plans are one of the methods currently being used to improve the performance of primary schools .
school development plans are one of the methods [now] being used to improve the performance of primary schools .

Although definitive information is lacking , it has been estimated that such a right currently applies to just 20 % of the 1.5 million acres of common land in England and Wales .
although definitive information is lacking , it has been estimated that such a right [now] applies to just 20 % of the 1.5 million acres of common land in england and wales .

The research investigates the implications of the Local Government Finance Act 1988 , which makes provision for the revaluation of all non-domestic properties in England and Wales for rating purposes , and the application of a national uniform business rate to replace the rate-in-the-pound currently set by individual local authorities .
the research investigates the implications of the local government finance act 1988 , which makes provision for the revaluation of all non-domestic properties in england and wales for rating purposes , and the application of a national uniform business rate to replace the rate-in-the-pound [now] set by individual local authorities .

The revaluation is currently underway and will be the first comprehensive national revision of valuation lists since 1973 .
the revaluation is [now] underway and will be the first comprehensive national revision of valuation lists since 1973 .

Currently nearly half of private households headed by a person of Afro Caribbean ethnic origin ( or nearly twice the proportion of the total population ) lives in a dwelling rented from the local authority .
[now] nearly half of private households headed by a person of afro caribbean ethnic origin ( or nearly twice the proportion of the total population ) lives in a dwelling rented from the local authority .

With this work as a background , it is now possible to review and develop the various options for change in the planning system which are currently proposed .
with this work as a background , it is now possible to review and develop the various options for change in the planning system which are [now] proposed .

An appropriate selection of firms will be made whose knowledge base is currently threatened by new technology or a novel design configuration .
an appropriate selection of firms will be made whose knowledge base is [now] threatened by new technology or a novel design configuration .

The programme of education reforms currently being introduced by the British Government requires all state maintained schools to introduce more or less simultaneously several major innovations , together with any changes initiated by LEAs and by the schools , while attempting to maintain the quality of their ongoing work .
the programme of education reforms [now] being introduced by the british government requires all state maintained schools to introduce more or less simultaneously several major innovations , together with any changes initiated by leas and by the schools , while attempting to maintain the quality of their ongoing work .

Mr Mann is a dedicated professional , a teacher with 17 years experience and currently headmaster of the 260-pupil Belvoir Park Primary School in Belfast .
mr mann is a dedicated professional , a teacher with 17 years experience and [now] headmaster of the 260-pupil belvoir park primary school in belfast .

Former Northern Ireland international and Creggan man Paul Ramsey currently captains ‘ The Bluebirds .
former northern ireland international and creggan man paul ramsey [now] captains ‘ the bluebirds .

America , currently fighting the largest budget deficit in its history ?
america , [now] fighting the largest budget deficit in its history ?

Currently there are no permanently effective treatments for the disease , one of whose victims is boxing legend Muhammad Ali .
[now] there are no permanently effective treatments for the disease , one of whose victims is boxing legend muhammad ali .

Unless and until scientists come up with a better way , the drug would probably have be administered by a catheter permanently inserted into the brain , a method currently used in treatments for inoperable brain cancer .
unless and until scientists come up with a better way , the drug would probably have be administered by a catheter permanently inserted into the brain , a method [now] used in treatments for inoperable brain cancer .

The former Satzenbrau Designer of the Year , who has turned her skillful hand to cute childrenswear and funky adult gear , is currently planning her next big projects — a range of maternity wear that will be far from maternal , and the opening of a local retail outlet .
the former satzenbrau designer of the year , who has turned her skillful hand to cute childrenswear and funky adult gear , is [now] planning her next big projects — a range of maternity wear that will be far from maternal , and the opening of a local retail outlet .

She 's currently doing the hippy thing with tassled flares , undressed hair and little round sunglasses but the feminine earth mother look is just a clothes change away .
she 's [now] doing the hippy thing with tassled flares , undressed hair and little round sunglasses but the feminine earth mother look is just a clothes change away .

Consider , for example , that a three-year-old 150mph Vauxhall Carlton GSi which currently costs £25,000 will cost you just £11,500 .
consider , for example , that a three-year-old 150mph vauxhall carlton gsi which [now] costs £25,000 will cost you just £11,500 .

Meanwhile , eight of Portadown 's first team panel are currently out of contract , and manager Ronnie McFall will be deciding this week who he 'll be retaining .
meanwhile , eight of portadown 's first team panel are [now] out of contract , and manager ronnie mcfall will be deciding this week who he 'll be retaining .

The big Derryman , who quit as Omagh Town manager at the beginning of April after two years in the St Julian 's Road hot seat , is currently considering several offers to resume his playing career .
the big derryman , who quit as omagh town manager at the beginning of april after two years in the st julian 's road hot seat , is [now] considering several offers to resume his playing career .

And Queen 's hope that they will be joined by other top quality players who are currently studying at the university but play with other club sides .
and queen 's hope that they will be joined by other top quality players who are [now] studying at the university but play with other club sides .

Prices currently below the national average which has helped to make mortgage repayment less of a burden on income than in Great Britain .
prices [now] below the national average which has helped to make mortgage repayment less of a burden on income than in great britain .

In the first issue , which is currently on the streets and on sale in all good book shops , there is an article on The New Religion — the Church of the Jobs-to-Come , a look at the behaviour of a section of Derry City fans and an investigation into industry and a clean environment .
in the first issue , which is [now] on the streets and on sale in all good book shops , there is an article on the new religion — the church of the jobs-to-come , a look at the behaviour of a section of derry city fans and an investigation into industry and a clean environment .

It is a luxurious 87-room hotel overlooking the bay and is currently undergoing a complete overhaul at considerable cost .
it is a luxurious 87-room hotel overlooking the bay and is [now] undergoing a complete overhaul at considerable cost .

The Craftworks gallery in Belfast 's Linenhall Street is currently staging an exhibition featuring products geared towards children .
the craftworks gallery in belfast 's linenhall street is [now] staging an exhibition featuring products geared towards children .

And the pharmacists ' slogan , ‘ If You Want a Tan — Get a Healthy Tan ’ , is worth repeating as thoughts turn towards all those sunshine holiday bargains currently plastered over travel agents ' windows .
and the pharmacists ' slogan , ‘ if you want a tan — get a healthy tan ’ , is worth repeating as thoughts turn towards all those sunshine holiday bargains [now] plastered over travel agents ' windows .

The centrally located site is owned by the received outline planning permission , unlike the proposed site at Linenhall Street in Lisburn , which has still to be released by the Department of the Environment and is currently being used as a car park .
the centrally located site is owned by the received outline planning permission , unlike the proposed site at linenhall street in lisburn , which has still to be released by the department of the environment and is [now] being used as a car park .

Currently , each of the MDOs has a similar subscription structure : dentists pay less than doctors , some non-clinical staff pay much less than clinicians , and junior doctors pay on a sliding scale reaching the full rate after 7 years .
[now] , each of the mdos has a similar subscription structure : dentists pay less than doctors , some non-clinical staff pay much less than clinicians , and junior doctors pay on a sliding scale reaching the full rate after 7 years .

However the Islands Areas have been recognised as requiring a special policy and a portion of the budget , currently £15,000 annually , is earmarked for this purpose .
however the islands areas have been recognised as requiring a special policy and a portion of the budget , [now] £15,000 annually , is earmarked for this purpose .

The seminar will cater for governing bodies already using newsletters and also those currently contemplating this as an addition to their services .
the seminar will cater for governing bodies already using newsletters and also those [now] contemplating this as an addition to their services .

We are currently updating our sports section in the Library .
we are [now] updating our sports section in the library .

It is the stage in silk production for which socio-economic research is currently most urgent and most likely to make practical contributions to future development .
it is the stage in silk production for which socio-economic research is [now] most urgent and most likely to make practical contributions to future development .

They appear currently to have considerable social advantages .
they appear [now] to have considerable social advantages .

Several scholars have attempted periodically to collect such information for their own research concerns , but currently there is no comprehensive , consistent and computerised data base available to the whole research community .
several scholars have attempted periodically to collect such information for their own research concerns , but [now] there is no comprehensive , consistent and computerised data base available to the whole research community .

First , it will provide information about the institutions currently involved with the Treasury 's public policy-making role , including details of institutional background , recent changes and present structures .
first , it will provide information about the institutions [now] involved with the treasury 's public policy-making role , including details of institutional background , recent changes and present structures .

It is of central importance in the revolution in ‘ new technology ’ currently being experienced in Britain and experienced worldwide .
it is of central importance in the revolution in ‘ new technology ’ [now] being experienced in britain and experienced worldwide .

John McCormick is currently writing a history of the global environmental movement .
john mccormick is [now] writing a history of the global environmental movement .

Gillespie Park is currently being expanded to include some rail sidings , losing some of the original park in the process , but saving the most interesting of the wildlife habitats .
gillespie park is [now] being expanded to include some rail sidings , losing some of the original park in the process , but saving the most interesting of the wildlife habitats .

The subscription for full membership of the Society is currently fixed at five pounds per annum .
the subscription for full membership of the society is [now] fixed at five pounds per annum .

‘ Many people who had planned to take part last year are not currently available but we 've overcome all the problems . ’
‘ many people who had planned to take part last year are not [now] available but we 've overcome all the problems . ’

He said a second person , who had been reported dead , had in fact been brought into the hospital alive and was currently undergoing treatment .
he said a second person , who had been reported dead , had in fact been brought into the hospital alive and was [now] undergoing treatment .

These currently stand at 64.10 to Dubliner Roy Dooney , and 76.38 to Moira O'Neill .
these [now] stand at 64.10 to dubliner roy dooney , and 76.38 to moira o'neill .

But they are currently going through one of the worst spells in their history and slumped to an all-time low last Sunday , losing 3–0 at home to fellow relegation strugglers Drogheda United .
but they are [now] going through one of the worst spells in their history and slumped to an all-time low last sunday , losing 3–0 at home to fellow relegation strugglers drogheda united .

Claire , currently based in Dublin , joins Gina Niland , Siobhan Nicholson and Karen Nugent in an Ireland team that embodies competitive spirit and generous skill .
claire , [now] based in dublin , joins gina niland , siobhan nicholson and karen nugent in an ireland team that embodies competitive spirit and generous skill .

The Leagues are currently sponsored by the Royal Liver Assurance and their involvement will terminate in May .
the leagues are [now] sponsored by the royal liver assurance and their involvement will terminate in may .

It seems to be the case as she currently has up to 200 various groups and organisations on her books .
it seems to be the case as she [now] has up to 200 various groups and organisations on her books .

Mr Welberry , who grows around 1,000 acres of vegetables each year , has a vast knowledge of the many issues currently found in horticulture .
mr welberry , who grows around 1,000 acres of vegetables each year , has a vast knowledge of the many issues [now] found in horticulture .

Unemployment in Northern Ireland currently stands at 107,187 people , or 14.7pc of the workforce .
unemployment in northern ireland [now] stands at 107,187 people , or 14.7pc of the workforce .

Morrow 's ‘ alternative ’ position is anchor midfield , the position Donaghy currently occupies .
morrow 's ‘ alternative ’ position is anchor midfield , the position donaghy [now] occupies .

It was expected to prompt banks and building societies to further reduce mortgage rates , currently averaging just under 12pc .
it was expected to prompt banks and building societies to further reduce mortgage rates , [now] averaging just under 12pc .

We currently lack network documentation for hardware and software , and we do not even have a schematic showing the network connections .
we [now] lack network documentation for hardware and software , and we do not even have a schematic showing the network connections .

We should be using e-mail for internal communications much more widely than we do at present , in order to reduce the amount of paper we currently distribute , and to send specific messages to individuals and groups .
we should be using e-mail for internal communications much more widely than we do at present , in order to reduce the amount of paper we [now] distribute , and to send specific messages to individuals and groups .

Index Kewensis is reputed to be going to appear in this format at some imminent future time , but there are many other bibliographic databases currently available as CD-ROMs .
index kewensis is reputed to be going to appear in this format at some imminent future time , but there are many other bibliographic databases [now] available as cd-roms .

Stores are currently linked to the Inventory function of the SunAccount package .
stores are [now] linked to the inventory function of the sunaccount package .

The Library currently produces the following card-based bibliographic services :
the library [now] produces the following card-based bibliographic services :

Information is a resource to be managed , in the same way as we currently manage manpower , financial , and physical resources .
information is a resource to be managed , in the same way as we [now] manage manpower , financial , and physical resources .

We have identified some areas of weakness , and others in which we believe that the investment of resources will substantially improve the way in which we present ourselves to the public , and provide services which we are currently unable to undertake .
we have identified some areas of weakness , and others in which we believe that the investment of resources will substantially improve the way in which we present ourselves to the public , and provide services which we are [now] unable to undertake .

The bookstock currently consists of 75,000 volumes , of which 3,000 are pre-Linnean , and 3,000 are illustrated works .
the bookstock [now] consists of 75,000 volumes , of which 3,000 are pre-linnean , and 3,000 are illustrated works .

The Library currently receives approximately 1,500 journal titles , and holds about 120,000 volumes of current and lapsed titles .
the library [now] receives approximately 1,500 journal titles , and holds about 120,000 volumes of current and lapsed titles .

Services currently provided include enquiries ( staff and public ) , manual records derived from scanning journals , and on-line database searching for staff .
services [now] provided include enquiries ( staff and public ) , manual records derived from scanning journals , and on-line database searching for staff .

The Garden has the potential to develop initiatives in interactive video , through contacts established with a number of botanic gardens and university departments currently researching or introducing similar projects .
the garden has the potential to develop initiatives in interactive video , through contacts established with a number of botanic gardens and university departments [now] researching or introducing similar projects .

Videos are currently held within several departments .
videos are [now] held within several departments .

There are currently three main Local Area Networks ( LANs ) — for specialist Plant Records , Administration , and Library software .
there are [now] three main local area networks ( lans ) — for specialist plant records , administration , and library software .

Replaced machines , if still serviceable , can be used as stand-alones to spread computing facilities to fill currently known and likely future gaps .
replaced machines , if still serviceable , can be used as stand-alones to spread computing facilities to fill [now] known and likely future gaps .

Laboratory staff currently make very limited use of computing facilities , other than for word processing .
laboratory staff [now] make very limited use of computing facilities , other than for word processing .

The present situation , where publications are currently stored in several different locations according to their type , and are handled separately by Publications Officer ( British Fungus Flora ) , Bookshop ( most publications ) , Finance ( back numbers of the Notes ) , Library ( exchange copies ) , and Garden staff ( Catalogue of Plants ) , is illogical and wasteful of staff effort .
the present situation , where publications are [now] stored in several different locations according to their type , and are handled separately by publications officer ( british fungus flora ) , bookshop ( most publications ) , finance ( back numbers of the notes ) , library ( exchange copies ) , and garden staff ( catalogue of plants ) , is illogical and wasteful of staff effort .

Large maps on boards are currently being designed by Public Services staff in co-operation with the Business Development Director .
large maps on boards are [now] being designed by public services staff in co-operation with the business development director .

Our information services are currently run by different Departments , and are not co-ordinated .
our information services are [now] run by different departments , and are not co-ordinated .

User access to our bibliographic data is currently by means of a card catalogue , with some analytical indexes .
user access to our bibliographic data is [now] by means of a card catalogue , with some analytical indexes .

In addition to their knowledge and expertise in the activities for which they are currently employed , many have additional relevant experience ( botanical , geological , horticultural ) gained from previous employ or personal endeavour .
in addition to their knowledge and expertise in the activities for which they are [now] employed , many have additional relevant experience ( botanical , geological , horticultural ) gained from previous employ or personal endeavour .

In most of those flow charts in which ‘ means ’ includes publication the Publication Officer currently has a role in actually providing the means .
in most of those flow charts in which ‘ means ’ includes publication the publication officer [now] has a role in actually providing the means .

The Garden and its specialist collections receive up to 1 million visits per year from a very wide audience , national and international in character . Their need for information is currently met in the following ways :
the garden and its specialist collections receive up to 1 million visits per year from a very wide audience , national and international in character . their need for information is [now] met in the following ways :

The general public , other organisations and institutions , supporters etc currently find out about our 4 gardens , work and activities through various channels :
the general public , other organisations and institutions , supporters etc [now] find out about our 4 gardens , work and activities through various channels :

‘ The Botanics ’ is mailed out to individuals/organisations on our mailing list — currently there is no charge for this .
‘ the botanics ’ is mailed out to individuals/organisations on our mailing list — [now] there is no charge for this .

These higher-level functions are not , it is suggested , currently receiving all of the necessary information .
these higher-level functions are not , it is suggested , [now] receiving all of the necessary information .

Kew currently has an advertising budget of £20,000 , which does not include Wakehurst Place .
kew [now] has an advertising budget of £20,000 , which does not include wakehurst place .

Currently held on ( mostly ) typed cards , this could form a database of taxonomic papers , covering cryptogamic taxa not included in Kew 's Record of Taxonomic Literature .
[now] held on ( mostly ) typed cards , this could form a database of taxonomic papers , covering cryptogamic taxa not included in kew 's record of taxonomic literature .

Retrieval currently only possible under highest-level taxon included in paper — family or genus .
retrieval [now] only possible under highest-level taxon included in paper — family or genus .

Chris Page wants to capture Alan Mitchell 's tree measurement data , currently held in hand-written form on cards in the Library .
chris page wants to capture alan mitchell 's tree measurement data , [now] held in hand-written form on cards in the library .

We recommend that the room currently used by off-duty Messengers would be suitable .
we recommend that the room [now] used by off-duty messengers would be suitable .

Ms Jean Cox , who is currently on placement with us one day each week from Telford College , has asked me if there is any chance of her being employed on a temporary basis in the Library during her Easter break , from 5th to 16th April ( 8 days work ) .
ms jean cox , who is [now] on placement with us one day each week from telford college , has asked me if there is any chance of her being employed on a temporary basis in the library during her easter break , from 5th to 16th april ( 8 days work ) .

Some enquiries are relatively simple — what facilities are available , and how can they be accessed ; what are our hours ; what regulations exist ; what functions/exhibitions are currently on , or are planned .
some enquiries are relatively simple — what facilities are available , and how can they be accessed ; what are our hours ; what regulations exist ; what functions/exhibitions are [now] on , or are planned .

These very important projects are both within the Garden 's draft Strategic Plan for Information Services , which is currently under discussion .
these very important projects are both within the garden 's draft strategic plan for information services , which is [now] under discussion .

The glass plate negatives of Falkirk-born George Forrest ( an ‘ Indiana Jones ’ character ) taken in China and Burma between 1905 and 1932 , are currently undergoing conservation work .
the glass plate negatives of falkirk-born george forrest ( an ‘ indiana jones ’ character ) taken in china and burma between 1905 and 1932 , are [now] undergoing conservation work .

Some 1 500 periodicals are currently taken ; these reflect the wide range of scientific activity carried on in the Garden .
some 1 500 periodicals are [now] taken ; these reflect the wide range of scientific activity carried on in the garden .

My own recommendation would be that we purchase multiple copies of a booklet currently available at under £1 , and distribute it to users on a one-per-room basis .
my own recommendation would be that we purchase multiple copies of a booklet [now] available at under £1 , and distribute it to users on a one-per-room basis .

The Library 's budget is very tight this year , and there have already been questions over whether the Library should be carrying the cost of the large number of pesticide-related publications we currently take .
the library 's budget is very tight this year , and there have already been questions over whether the library should be carrying the cost of the large number of pesticide-related publications we [now] take .

The timetable for the second course is currently being written .
the timetable for the second course is [now] being written .

An objective assessment of geological database coverage by Tenopir 218 confirmed that Georef was the preferred database for searching , of the two which then currently existed .
an objective assessment of geological database coverage by tenopir 218 confirmed that georef was the preferred database for searching , of the two which then [now] existed .

The micro is currently much in vogue , and indeed my presentation is followed by a presentation specifically on the subject of micro computers .
the micro is [now] much in vogue , and indeed my presentation is followed by a presentation specifically on the subject of micro computers .

Currently there are over 425,000 Apples in use throughout the world , some 35,000 of these in the United Kingdom .
[now] there are over 425,000 apples in use throughout the world , some 35,000 of these in the united kingdom .

One such development currently taking place at Mitcham concerns an historical file to store personnel events for up to five years .
one such development [now] taking place at mitcham concerns an historical file to store personnel events for up to five years .

The need to develop this potential is recognised by the Group Personnel Information Services Department which currently performs several roles .
the need to develop this potential is recognised by the group personnel information services department which [now] performs several roles .

Currently there is a bewildering variety of software available and my first task will be to suggest a simple classification .
[now] there is a bewildering variety of software available and my first task will be to suggest a simple classification .

Currently such systems are available only on larger in-house computers and on bureaux .
[now] such systems are available only on larger in-house computers and on bureaux .

In this paper , Peter Watsham describes a range of personnel activities which lend themselves to computer assistance , examines the role of small machines in relation to these , and presents an appraisal of what is currently available .
in this paper , peter watsham describes a range of personnel activities which lend themselves to computer assistance , examines the role of small machines in relation to these , and presents an appraisal of what is [now] available .

Further predictions of the no boundary condition are currently being worked out .
further predictions of the no boundary condition are [now] being worked out .

This is , however , a weak argument in support of indirect taxes as it is quite possible to devise a system of direct taxation that avoids double taxation ( as currently with tax exemptions for returns on Post Office Savings and National Savings ) .
this is , however , a weak argument in support of indirect taxes as it is quite possible to devise a system of direct taxation that avoids double taxation ( as [now] with tax exemptions for returns on post office savings and national savings ) .

There is currently no formal requirement as to adequate liquidity holdings by banks .
there is [now] no formal requirement as to adequate liquidity holdings by banks .

Investors are attracted by the more varied and attractive securities currently available for purchase , such as index-linked gilts , as well as by historically high yields .
investors are attracted by the more varied and attractive securities [now] available for purchase , such as index-linked gilts , as well as by historically high yields .

Joanne specialises in town and country planning and is currently involved in work relating to a major development in the town centre .
joanne specialises in town and country planning and is [now] involved in work relating to a major development in the town centre .

Most people train in private practices , as not many in-house legal departments currently offer the breadth of experience required before admission as a solicitor .
most people train in private practices , as not many in-house legal departments [now] offer the breadth of experience required before admission as a solicitor .

Topics for discussion with the Romanian Bar Association included the draft code for the practice of lawyers , currently before the Romanian Parliament .
topics for discussion with the romanian bar association included the draft code for the practice of lawyers , [now] before the romanian parliament .

The Study shows the practice management methods which are currently used in firms of solicitors with up to ten partners .
the study shows the practice management methods which are [now] used in firms of solicitors with up to ten partners .

He is currently Chair of the Solicitors Indemnity Fund .
he is [now] chair of the solicitors indemnity fund .

, currently marketing director with the Electric Power Division of Lucas Aerospace , has been appointed director of international business development .
, [now] marketing director with the electric power division of lucas aerospace , has been appointed director of international business development .

More and more fonts are becoming available as time passes and a quick look in our catalogue will show you that the fonts range is currently the most rapidly growing disk range in our library .
more and more fonts are becoming available as time passes and a quick look in our catalogue will show you that the fonts range is [now] the most rapidly growing disk range in our library .

If you 're stuck on what is currently shareware 's most popular game get this disk and you will soon be on your way .
if you 're stuck on what is [now] shareware 's most popular game get this disk and you will soon be on your way .

The whole world is currently obsessed with spinning and falling odd shaped blocks .
the whole world is [now] obsessed with spinning and falling odd shaped blocks .

After this you can highlight any passage in the currently active document and click on the new icon to see a result like the one in Step 11 .
after this you can highlight any passage in the [now] active document and click on the new icon to see a result like the one in step 11 .

Once the task manager is visible all you can select Tile or Cascade to instantly tidy up the all of the application windows currently open .
once the task manager is visible all you can select tile or cascade to instantly tidy up the all of the application windows [now] open .

Other enhancements such as the mouse pointer changing shape according to the function currently selected and changing curve points to corner points may be of less use but at the very least point to a great amount of thought being paid to the design of the program .
other enhancements such as the mouse pointer changing shape according to the function [now] selected and changing curve points to corner points may be of less use but at the very least point to a great amount of thought being paid to the design of the program .

No matter what spreadsheet you currently use , if , in fact you use one at all , it will be capable of adding figures ( via a sum function ) multiplying , dividing , converting and so forth .
no matter what spreadsheet you [now] use , if , in fact you use one at all , it will be capable of adding figures ( via a sum function ) multiplying , dividing , converting and so forth .

He is currently teaching Lotus 1-2-3 and dBase courses at Golden Gate University in San Francisco .
he is [now] teaching lotus 1-2-3 and dbase courses at golden gate university in san francisco .

Specialised versions of Microsoft Windows are currently very trendy .
specialised versions of microsoft windows are [now] very trendy .

This button does n't just show you what directory you 're currently in , but also pops up File Manager .
this button does n't just show you what directory you 're [now] in , but also pops up file manager .

Designed to improve spelling , vocabulary , and language skills , the ‘ game ’ revolves around helping Henrietta ( the heroine ) , defeat Cedric the Skeleton ( Villain £1 ) and Morgana ( Villainess £1 ) — thus allowing you to restore Henry ( currently a frog ) to his previous self ( yes , the ubiquitous handsome Prince ) .
designed to improve spelling , vocabulary , and language skills , the ‘ game ’ revolves around helping henrietta ( the heroine ) , defeat cedric the skeleton ( villain £1 ) and morgana ( villainess £1 ) — thus allowing you to restore henry ( [now] a frog ) to his previous self ( yes , the ubiquitous handsome prince ) .

The final add-in is unique to Symphony as it a memory management tool that lets you temporarily turn off its currently unused components in order to increase the memory available .
the final add-in is unique to symphony as it a memory management tool that lets you temporarily turn off its [now] unused components in order to increase the memory available .

The spreadsheet currently looks a little fussy by showing durations to six decimal places .
the spreadsheet [now] looks a little fussy by showing durations to six decimal places .

The Find File dialog box shows the file names currently selected at the left of the screen , and the file details at the right .
the find file dialog box shows the file names [now] selected at the left of the screen , and the file details at the right .

Currently employing 17 cargo handlers , the Company has successfully provided stevedoring services through the port of great Yarmouth and is also engaged in both offshore and general cargo work .
[now] employing 17 cargo handlers , the company has successfully provided stevedoring services through the port of great yarmouth and is also engaged in both offshore and general cargo work .

Ralph Steadman is currently working with Peacock Artspace and was delighted to see young talent being given an opportunity to display their work .
ralph steadman is [now] working with peacock artspace and was delighted to see young talent being given an opportunity to display their work .

Ready for release is the Year Of The Comet , in which he plays a seductive villain , and he is currently working on The Son Of Pink Panther , at Pinewood , directed by Blake Edwards .
ready for release is the year of the comet , in which he plays a seductive villain , and he is [now] working on the son of pink panther , at pinewood , directed by blake edwards .

One of the hottest directors currently in Los Angeles is 28-year-old Radha Bharadwaj , a Punjabi woman whose debut project , Closet Land , a political thriller , has been backed by film giant Oliver Stone .
one of the hottest directors [now] in los angeles is 28-year-old radha bharadwaj , a punjabi woman whose debut project , closet land , a political thriller , has been backed by film giant oliver stone .

Michelle , Catwoman in Batman Returns , is currently filming the 19th Century drama .
michelle , catwoman in batman returns , is [now] filming the 19th century drama .

He is currently working on a project for an additional 125 aid centres to be set up within the next three years .
he is [now] working on a project for an additional 125 aid centres to be set up within the next three years .

The Centre of Medical Law and Ethics has spent two years working with the Terence Higgins Trust to develop the document currently under consideration .
the centre of medical law and ethics has spent two years working with the terence higgins trust to develop the document [now] under consideration .

The technical training department is currently working on the issue of competency assurance which is required by the new Safety Case Regulations .
the technical training department is [now] working on the issue of competency assurance which is required by the new safety case regulations .

The level of business exported currently stands at 20 per cent of Rolls Wood Group 's annual turnover .
the level of business exported [now] stands at 20 per cent of rolls wood group 's annual turnover .

As they galloped up the red-lit road Rincewind glanced sideways at his travelling companion , currently trying hard to learn to ride a horse .
as they galloped up the red-lit road rincewind glanced sideways at his travelling companion , [now] trying hard to learn to ride a horse .

Several were currently hovering above the table .
several were [now] hovering above the table .

Currently Twoflower was showing a great interest in the theory and practice of magic .
[now] twoflower was showing a great interest in the theory and practice of magic .

Rincewind turned in his saddle and glanced as Twoflower 's Luggage , which was currently ambling along on its little legs , occasionally snapping its lid at butterflies .
rincewind turned in his saddle and glanced as twoflower 's luggage , which was [now] ambling along on its little legs , occasionally snapping its lid at butterflies .

Blind Io pushed his stack of chips across the table , glowered through such of his eyes that were currently in the room , and strode out .
blind io pushed his stack of chips across the table , glowered through such of his eyes that were [now] in the room , and strode out .

It is of course the privilege of gods to control their apparent outward form , even to other gods ; the Fate of the discworld was currently a kindly man in late middle age , greying hair brushed neatly around features that a maiden would confidently proffer a glass of small beer to , should they appear at her back door .
it is of course the privilege of gods to control their apparent outward form , even to other gods ; the fate of the discworld was [now] a kindly man in late middle age , greying hair brushed neatly around features that a maiden would confidently proffer a glass of small beer to , should they appear at her back door .

It was currently enjoying a nosebag .
it was [now] enjoying a nosebag .

The team is currently investigating the feasibility of installing direct dial facilities .
the team is [now] investigating the feasibility of installing direct dial facilities .

Boy-proof , Spruce thought , as he felt the solidity of the place about him ; the product of very different values from the ones currently holding sway in education .
boy-proof , spruce thought , as he felt the solidity of the place about him ; the product of very different values from the ones [now] holding sway in education .

More recent research by the Bristol team suggests that a more effective treatment would be a combination of the new drugs they are currently working on , together with a carefully planned exercise programme .
more recent research by the bristol team suggests that a more effective treatment would be a combination of the new drugs they are [now] working on , together with a carefully planned exercise programme .

But those who are familiar with local prisons and remand centres know that currently we fail Churchill 's test .
but those who are familiar with local prisons and remand centres know that [now] we fail churchill 's test .

The contract with Group 4 , the security company that is to run the Wolds , requires that the régime to be provided is infinitely superior to anything that the local prisons run by the Prison Department currently deliver .
the contract with group 4 , the security company that is to run the wolds , requires that the régime to be provided is infinitely superior to anything that the local prisons run by the prison department [now] deliver .

John Bond , currently Penguin marketing manager , has been promoted to head of marketing for Penguin .
john bond , [now] penguin marketing manager , has been promoted to head of marketing for penguin .

Scholastic has appointed Victoria Birkett , currently at HarperCollins , to the new position of buying director from March .
scholastic has appointed victoria birkett , [now] at harpercollins , to the new position of buying director from march .

Currently there are about 850 vendors in 38 countries offering over 4,600 databases .
[now] there are about 850 vendors in 38 countries offering over 4,600 databases .

Currently , however , there is little evidence of detailed or widescale evaluations of these systems .
[now] , however , there is little evidence of detailed or widescale evaluations of these systems .

The ability of the modem to translate signals makes the information services market we have today a possibility … information publishers must now prepare for a new challenge and for a similar degree of networking capacity for video and other multimedia as they currently experience for data … ’
the ability of the modem to translate signals makes the information services market we have today a possibility … information publishers must now prepare for a new challenge and for a similar degree of networking capacity for video and other multimedia as they [now] experience for data … ’

Converting a large number of data elements currently captured in a host of different formats to a single , standard digital format could involve substantial time , cost and management skill .
converting a large number of data elements [now] captured in a host of different formats to a single , standard digital format could involve substantial time , cost and management skill .

While network users currently can communicate online with colleagues using text inputs to their computers , videoconferencing facilities will enable users to see each other in a video window in their screens .
while network users [now] can communicate online with colleagues using text inputs to their computers , videoconferencing facilities will enable users to see each other in a video window in their screens .

Currently , 70 per cent of all IMTs are located in the United States with most of the balance in Europe .
[now] , 70 per cent of all imts are located in the united states with most of the balance in europe .

Quite simply , the same three that are currently determining the use of videodiscs .
quite simply , the same three that are [now] determining the use of videodiscs .

There is a standards battle currently being fought and for the moment it looks almost as if consumers may soon be confronted with a variety of competing , incompatible television systems in different regions of the world .
there is a standards battle [now] being fought and for the moment it looks almost as if consumers may soon be confronted with a variety of competing , incompatible television systems in different regions of the world .

Clearly , the existing technologies are a limitation and multimedia must temporarily be constrained by the platforms currently available to deliver it .
clearly , the existing technologies are a limitation and multimedia must temporarily be constrained by the platforms [now] available to deliver it .

To ensure that this is achieved , Ralph Ellis , who is currently Managing Director of the carpet group , will assume the overall role of Group Chief Executive with effect from 1st April 1989 .
to ensure that this is achieved , ralph ellis , who is [now] managing director of the carpet group , will assume the overall role of group chief executive with effect from 1st april 1989 .

Currently , three full time merchandisers equipped with their own vans , operate the service , giving essential and rewarding support to retailers .
[now] , three full time merchandisers equipped with their own vans , operate the service , giving essential and rewarding support to retailers .

From the four calculated probabilities it can be deduced that if the executive is currently in city a then the chance that he or she will ( i ) stay in city a is 33 % , ( ii ) move to city b is 9 % , ( iii ) move to city c is 14 % or ( iv ) move to city d is 43 % .
from the four calculated probabilities it can be deduced that if the executive is [now] in city a then the chance that he or she will ( i ) stay in city a is 33 % , ( ii ) move to city b is 9 % , ( iii ) move to city c is 14 % or ( iv ) move to city d is 43 % .

The reception desk itself and the issue desk currently in the library will merge .
the reception desk itself and the issue desk [now] in the library will merge .

James Powers wrote in The Hollywood Reporter , ‘ Crawford , currently starring in a New York hit play , is a new type for movies , but one that young people particularly respond to ; good-natured , detached , ready for almost any lark , without thought of consequence .
james powers wrote in the hollywood reporter , ‘ crawford , [now] starring in a new york hit play , is a new type for movies , but one that young people particularly respond to ; good-natured , detached , ready for almost any lark , without thought of consequence .

Currently working on a booklet of poems and drawings , Jan is also working on ‘ Common Senses ’ an installation to be shown at a large visual arts festival to be held during spring 1993 at Tullie House , Carlisle .
[now] working on a booklet of poems and drawings , jan is also working on ‘ common senses ’ an installation to be shown at a large visual arts festival to be held during spring 1993 at tullie house , carlisle .

We are currently reviewing distribution and from the summer onwards cattle feed for the whole of East Anglia will be supplied from Bury St Edmunds .
we are [now] reviewing distribution and from the summer onwards cattle feed for the whole of east anglia will be supplied from bury st edmunds .

Initially , a second production line will be installed for our traditional crisp rice and flaked products and a new extruded product line will give extra capacity for the production of existing chocolate coated wheat and honey coated maize products , and a number of new products currently under development .
initially , a second production line will be installed for our traditional crisp rice and flaked products and a new extruded product line will give extra capacity for the production of existing chocolate coated wheat and honey coated maize products , and a number of new products [now] under development .

is currently investing £1 million in a novel television advertising and sampling campaign for Complete .
is [now] investing £1 million in a novel television advertising and sampling campaign for complete .

Some correction in volumes of spirit currently being distilled is almost inevitable , but strong management and marketing should prevent a repeat of 1979/80 .
some correction in volumes of spirit [now] being distilled is almost inevitable , but strong management and marketing should prevent a repeat of 1979/80 .

More than 100 students are currently enrolled on courses .
more than 100 students are [now] enrolled on courses .

You do not currently receive a copy of the Globe but you would like to
you do not [now] receive a copy of the globe but you would like to

Firstly they discuss how a consideration of the expressive and biotic orders can be linked to the social order and applied to the fields of study currently examined by more conventional urban sociology .
firstly they discuss how a consideration of the expressive and biotic orders can be linked to the social order and applied to the fields of study [now] examined by more conventional urban sociology .

The currently dominant paradigm throughout urban and regional sociology gives prime emphasis to class relations and processes .
the [now] dominant paradigm throughout urban and regional sociology gives prime emphasis to class relations and processes .

In trying to explain the territorial behaviour and sporadic violence of young working class people , for example , one approach would be to take much more seriously the currently unfashionable ethological and biological literature we reviewed in Chapter 1 .
in trying to explain the territorial behaviour and sporadic violence of young working class people , for example , one approach would be to take much more seriously the [now] unfashionable ethological and biological literature we reviewed in chapter 1 .

We addressed civil society in particular ; an area of social life currently at the centre of urban sociology , but one which so far incorporates insufficient understanding of human agency .
we addressed civil society in particular ; an area of social life [now] at the centre of urban sociology , but one which so far incorporates insufficient understanding of human agency .

How should we understand the state , its relationships both to society and to individuals ? Why should the national level of the state continue to have such significance to people 's politics despite its apparent remoteness from their everyday lives ? How do we explain the growth of nationalism , and ethnic claims for autonomy and self-determination , not least those currently taking place within the Soviet Union ?
how should we understand the state , its relationships both to society and to individuals ? why should the national level of the state continue to have such significance to people 's politics despite its apparent remoteness from their everyday lives ? how do we explain the growth of nationalism , and ethnic claims for autonomy and self-determination , not least those [now] taking place within the soviet union ?

Currently an ad hoc value one third of the distance from the blackout point to the whiteout point is used .
[now] an ad hoc value one third of the distance from the blackout point to the whiteout point is used .

Hence the marginal value to consumers of another film exceeds the marginal value of the last meal currently being produced by the resources that would be necessary to make another film .
hence the marginal value to consumers of another film exceeds the marginal value of the last meal [now] being produced by the resources that would be necessary to make another film .

If the economy is perfectly competitive , and if the government is quite happy with the distribution of income-earning potential that currently exists , the government need raise no taxes .
if the economy is perfectly competitive , and if the government is quite happy with the distribution of income-earning potential that [now] exists , the government need raise no taxes .

Then we showed that increasing the after-tax wage would encourage labour force participation by those not currently in the labour force .
then we showed that increasing the after-tax wage would encourage labour force participation by those not [now] in the labour force .

In a free enterprise economy it would be profitable only to supply a fraction of the amount to which the government is currently committed .
in a free enterprise economy it would be profitable only to supply a fraction of the amount to which the government is [now] committed .

Currently , sunrise industries include information technology and genetics .
[now] , sunrise industries include information technology and genetics .

Currently available speech recognition systems impose a selection of constraints on the input to simplify the speech recognition task .
[now] available speech recognition systems impose a selection of constraints on the input to simplify the speech recognition task .

In contrast pen-based systems have received much less attention than voice-based systems but a number of commercial products are currently emerging on the market ( e.g .
in contrast pen-based systems have received much less attention than voice-based systems but a number of commercial products are [now] emerging on the market ( e.g .

Commercial systems are currently available that can recognise handprinted characters .
commercial systems are [now] available that can recognise handprinted characters .

Within the current project use is currently being made of corpora to derive information relating to the frequency of grammatical transitions , word frequency , concordances of words and probable grammatical categories of words .
within the current project use is [now] being made of corpora to derive information relating to the frequency of grammatical transitions , word frequency , concordances of words and probable grammatical categories of words .

Corpus availability is currently limited due to legal constraints although some have been cleared for academic research .
corpus availability is [now] limited due to legal constraints although some have been cleared for academic research .

Analysed corpora are rare and only small examples of this genre are currently found .
analysed corpora are rare and only small examples of this genre are [now] found .

Current linguistic theory places great emphasis on the importance of the lexicon and projects are currently underway to manually ( supplemented by corpus processing ) produce large lexicons ( e.g .
current linguistic theory places great emphasis on the importance of the lexicon and projects are [now] underway to manually ( supplemented by corpus processing ) produce large lexicons ( e.g .

Nor is there currently available a semantic analyser capable of understanding unconstrained English .
nor is there [now] available a semantic analyser capable of understanding unconstrained english .

The specification of each of these processors as well as a control system to combine them intelligently is currently far beyond any expectations .
the specification of each of these processors as well as a control system to combine them intelligently is [now] far beyond any expectations .

Given the currently available linguistic theories and computers the only feasible way to build a system capable of dealing with unconstrained language is through corpus-based methods .
given the [now] available linguistic theories and computers the only feasible way to build a system capable of dealing with unconstrained language is through corpus-based methods .

The someone , who was , of course , Dr Neil , struck a Swan Vesta to light the oil-lamp which always stood on a side-table where he usually kept the book which he was currently reading .
the someone , who was , of course , dr neil , struck a swan vesta to light the oil-lamp which always stood on a side-table where he usually kept the book which he was [now] reading .

Of the one billion dollars currently spent each year on family planning programmes in the Third World , one-tenth is contributed by the couples themselves , two-fifths by Third World governments and half by governments and aid agencies in the rich world .
of the one billion dollars [now] spent each year on family planning programmes in the third world , one-tenth is contributed by the couples themselves , two-fifths by third world governments and half by governments and aid agencies in the rich world .

An estimated 270 million women are currently using some form of contraception , but this figure and the table below are likely to underestimate — by a wide margin — the numbers of women using traditional methods .
an estimated 270 million women are [now] using some form of contraception , but this figure and the table below are likely to underestimate — by a wide margin — the numbers of women using traditional methods .

After the ‘ stunning ’ Jackson victory in Michigan in March where he took 55 per cent of the votes and delivered a 2-1 defeat to Michael Dukakis , the currently powerful went crazy .
after the ‘ stunning ’ jackson victory in michigan in march where he took 55 per cent of the votes and delivered a 2-1 defeat to michael dukakis , the [now] powerful went crazy .

The next 70 years or so are spent sorting out this confusion , deciding first what a face is and then putting a name to it in whatever language comes to hand — be it Thai or Zuni or Swahili or Spanish — or any of the other 4,000 odd languages that the world currently offers .
the next 70 years or so are spent sorting out this confusion , deciding first what a face is and then putting a name to it in whatever language comes to hand — be it thai or zuni or swahili or spanish — or any of the other 4,000 odd languages that the world [now] offers .

And the table shows the large numbers of women currently using what the World Fertility Survey dismissively ( and inappropriately ) calls ‘ inefficient ’ methods of contraception .
and the table shows the large numbers of women [now] using what the world fertility survey dismissively ( and inappropriately ) calls ‘ inefficient ’ methods of contraception .

The system is part of the regional heritage and is currently more relevant than Western forms of democracy .
the system is part of the regional heritage and is [now] more relevant than western forms of democracy .

Much of Western psychotherapy is currently directed towards problem-solving or decision-making , reflecting the value given to personal self-sufficiency and the control of events by Western culture .
much of western psychotherapy is [now] directed towards problem-solving or decision-making , reflecting the value given to personal self-sufficiency and the control of events by western culture .

Most of his staff are currently on strike because they have n't been paid for two months , so Soliz is going personally to open the new group and give the first lesson .
most of his staff are [now] on strike because they have n't been paid for two months , so soliz is going personally to open the new group and give the first lesson .

Currently levels of up to 100 Bequerel are allowed to pass unchecked while levels of up to 600 Bq can be imported but require a permit .
[now] levels of up to 100 bequerel are allowed to pass unchecked while levels of up to 600 bq can be imported but require a permit .

They are also building a school — this will take the place of the two large mango trees that currently serve the purpose .
they are also building a school — this will take the place of the two large mango trees that [now] serve the purpose .

More than 13,000 Africans study in the Soviet Union ( nearly 10 per cent of all foreign students ) , and many welcome confirmation of the killings as a sign that glasnost may end Soviet press silence on racism , and actively educate people about such matters . There is currently a great absence of well-researched journalism about Africa , and many articles reflect the ignorance of the average Soviet citizen , posing such questions as ‘ Do you have houses ? ’ ‘ What about cars ? ’ ‘ How do you live among crocodiles and snakes ? ’
more than 13,000 africans study in the soviet union ( nearly 10 per cent of all foreign students ) , and many welcome confirmation of the killings as a sign that glasnost may end soviet press silence on racism , and actively educate people about such matters . there is [now] a great absence of well-researched journalism about africa , and many articles reflect the ignorance of the average soviet citizen , posing such questions as ‘ do you have houses ? ’ ‘ what about cars ? ’ ‘ how do you live among crocodiles and snakes ? ’

Shrimp farming currently takes up 5,500 hectares and is projected to take up 15,000 hectares by 1995 .
shrimp farming [now] takes up 5,500 hectares and is projected to take up 15,000 hectares by 1995 .

Sylvia , currently in Moss Side , is not untypical of the women in special hospitals today .
sylvia , [now] in moss side , is not untypical of the women in special hospitals today .

As the House will recall , board members have to be in business currently , rather than retired .
as the house will recall , board members have to be in business [now] , rather than retired .

We must encourage investment in the environment and in environmental schemes , as well as investment in research and development , which is currently far too low in the United Kingdom .
we must encourage investment in the environment and in environmental schemes , as well as investment in research and development , which is [now] far too low in the united kingdom .

Most such applications come from people who , because of physical disabilities that are mostly associated with age , can no longer cope in their homes as currently structured .
most such applications come from people who , because of physical disabilities that are mostly associated with age , can no longer cope in their homes as [now] structured .

Unemployment , which is in decline in the north and has declined significantly since 1987 , is rising fastest in East Anglia , which is currently supposed to be the most economically successful region .
unemployment , which is in decline in the north and has declined significantly since 1987 , is rising fastest in east anglia , which is [now] supposed to be the most economically successful region .

Yorkshiremen who currently live under the authority in Cleveland would have no inclination to join the northern region .
yorkshiremen who [now] live under the authority in cleveland would have no inclination to join the northern region .

Our proposals for establishing a new , independent local government commission for England are currently under consideration in the Local Government Bill in another place .
our proposals for establishing a new , independent local government commission for england are [now] under consideration in the local government bill in another place .

In documents outlining their plans for regional government , the Opposition state that the new tier would take its powers from Westminster and Whitehall , and be empowered to carry out only those functions of a strategic or regulatory nature , currently exercised by the counties .
in documents outlining their plans for regional government , the opposition state that the new tier would take its powers from westminster and whitehall , and be empowered to carry out only those functions of a strategic or regulatory nature , [now] exercised by the counties .

We hope that regional planning guidance for all the north , which is currently in hand , will be finalised by June 1992 .
we hope that regional planning guidance for all the north , which is [now] in hand , will be finalised by june 1992 .

My right hon. Friend reminded the House that the Territorial Army is currently under-recruited in comparison with establishment . Is he aware that the Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry Squadron at the Royal Yeomanry Regiment , based in Swindon , is notably , if not extravagantly , over-recruited ? Will he confirm that that squadron will continue to enjoy old and new opportunities ?
my right hon. friend reminded the house that the territorial army is [now] under-recruited in comparison with establishment . is he aware that the royal wiltshire yeomanry squadron at the royal yeomanry regiment , based in swindon , is notably , if not extravagantly , over-recruited ? will he confirm that that squadron will continue to enjoy old and new opportunities ?

However , there is irrefutable evidence that there will be a shortfall , and if we do not ensure that that gap is identified and ascertain where the resources to meet that gap will come from , not only will the people who are currently seeking community care be disadvantaged , but , more importantly , future generations who might seek care in the community will not receive the resources that at present they believe that they will get .
however , there is irrefutable evidence that there will be a shortfall , and if we do not ensure that that gap is identified and ascertain where the resources to meet that gap will come from , not only will the people who are [now] seeking community care be disadvantaged , but , more importantly , future generations who might seek care in the community will not receive the resources that at present they believe that they will get .

Friend the Member for Sherwood ( Mr. Stewart ) pointed out , as negotiations are currently progressing , there is every chance that some 50 million to 55 million tonnes will form part of that contract negotiation .
friend the member for sherwood ( mr. stewart ) pointed out , as negotiations are [now] progressing , there is every chance that some 50 million to 55 million tonnes will form part of that contract negotiation .

What does the hon. Gentleman think about the fact that National Power and PowerGen are currently importing orimulsion and getting permission to burn it ? Orimulsion emits three or four times as much sulphur as coal .
what does the hon. gentleman think about the fact that national power and powergen are [now] importing orimulsion and getting permission to burn it ? orimulsion emits three or four times as much sulphur as coal .

Magistrates and others who have called for more secure places want them to be used to contain the activities of young offenders who are not currently kept in prison accommodation , like so-called joyriders and repetitive burglars .
magistrates and others who have called for more secure places want them to be used to contain the activities of young offenders who are not [now] kept in prison accommodation , like so-called joyriders and repetitive burglars .

The Government have belatedly agreed to do just that , and are currently in a consultation period on the matter .
the government have belatedly agreed to do just that , and are [now] in a consultation period on the matter .

The Welsh Office responded positively to the Select Committee report , and an expert group is currently considering possible contamination dangers to which the public , the land , the cattle and livestock around that plant may be exposed .
the welsh office responded positively to the select committee report , and an expert group is [now] considering possible contamination dangers to which the public , the land , the cattle and livestock around that plant may be exposed .

There are currently two Northern Ireland public sector landfills suitable for the disposal of certain special wastes — Dargan road , Belfast and Culmore , Londonderry .
there are [now] two northern ireland public sector landfills suitable for the disposal of certain special wastes — dargan road , belfast and culmore , londonderry .

If we had such a network , we would be able to withdraw the support which we currently give to private practitioners , but the Minister knows that we can not do so at this stage because there is no body of effective legal advice and opinion to benefit people .
if we had such a network , we would be able to withdraw the support which we [now] give to private practitioners , but the minister knows that we can not do so at this stage because there is no body of effective legal advice and opinion to benefit people .

Friend rightly said , the construction of the 08 , the fourth boat , is currently under way and authorities have been given for the long lead items .
friend rightly said , the construction of the 08 , the fourth boat , is [now] under way and authorities have been given for the long lead items .

Thirdly , if the treatment is available currently , upon clinical decision , under the national health service , should it not be available to patients in north Devon as readily as it is available to patients in London ?
thirdly , if the treatment is available [now] , upon clinical decision , under the national health service , should it not be available to patients in north devon as readily as it is available to patients in london ?

However , the Government do not appear to be currently giving any commitment to provide funds or even to give British Rail the necessary borrowing authority .
however , the government do not appear to be [now] giving any commitment to provide funds or even to give british rail the necessary borrowing authority .

The Government have declared their intention to computerise the national collection of criminal records currently held at the national identification bureau .
the government have declared their intention to computerise the national collection of criminal records [now] held at the national identification bureau .

( 2 ) In appointing members of the Funding Council the Secretary of State — ( a ) shall have regard to the desirability of including persons who appear to him to have experience of , and to have shown capacity in , the provision of further education ( within the meaning of section 1 ( 5 ) ( b ) of the 1980 Act ) or to have held , and to have shown capacity in , any position carrying responsibility for the provision of such further education and , in appointing such persons , he shall have regard to the desirability of their being currently engaged in the provision of such further education or in carrying responsibility for such provision ; and ( b ) shall have regard to the desirability of including persons who appear to him to have experience of , and to have shown capacity in , industrial , commercial or financial matters or the practice of any profession .
( 2 ) in appointing members of the funding council the secretary of state — ( a ) shall have regard to the desirability of including persons who appear to him to have experience of , and to have shown capacity in , the provision of further education ( within the meaning of section 1 ( 5 ) ( b ) of the 1980 act ) or to have held , and to have shown capacity in , any position carrying responsibility for the provision of such further education and , in appointing such persons , he shall have regard to the desirability of their being [now] engaged in the provision of such further education or in carrying responsibility for such provision ; and ( b ) shall have regard to the desirability of including persons who appear to him to have experience of , and to have shown capacity in , industrial , commercial or financial matters or the practice of any profession .

When the Select Committee on Energy took evidence , many oil companies said that a huge amount is currently being expended on safety .
when the select committee on energy took evidence , many oil companies said that a huge amount is [now] being expended on safety .

Currently 60 mph from Buttington to Aberystwyth , this is to be increased to 75 mph .
[now] 60 mph from buttington to aberystwyth , this is to be increased to 75 mph .

How can the Secretary of State conceivably claim that Her Majesty 's inspectorate is to be strengthened when its numbers are to be cut by two thirds and it is to be subject to clear and specific direction from the Secretary of State ? Will the Secretary of State confirm that the privatisation of the inspectorate inherent in the Education ( Schools ) Bill goes far further than that presaged in the schools charter and includes , under the guise of additional inspectors , the substitution of private money-making firms to do the work currently carried out , not just by local inspectors but by the chief inspector of schools ?
how can the secretary of state conceivably claim that her majesty 's inspectorate is to be strengthened when its numbers are to be cut by two thirds and it is to be subject to clear and specific direction from the secretary of state ? will the secretary of state confirm that the privatisation of the inspectorate inherent in the education ( schools ) bill goes far further than that presaged in the schools charter and includes , under the guise of additional inspectors , the substitution of private money-making firms to do the work [now] carried out , not just by local inspectors but by the chief inspector of schools ?

The Minister will recognise that lone parents are being given some useful assistance under the ’ children come first ’ proposals , in the form of a reduction from 24 to 16 hours in the full-time working week . Is he aware that many people who work part time , for less than 24 hours a week , and who can currently claim income support , will lose out substantially in terms of mortgage interest relief ? Have the Government considered that and , if so , what steps is the Minister taking to mitigate the losses involved ?
the minister will recognise that lone parents are being given some useful assistance under the ’ children come first ’ proposals , in the form of a reduction from 24 to 16 hours in the full-time working week . is he aware that many people who work part time , for less than 24 hours a week , and who can [now] claim income support , will lose out substantially in terms of mortgage interest relief ? have the government considered that and , if so , what steps is the minister taking to mitigate the losses involved ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence how many houses currently owned by his Department and defence establishments are standing empty .
to ask the secretary of state for defence how many houses [now] owned by his department and defence establishments are standing empty .

The additional defence costs of the Gulf conflict , to be spread over several years , are currently estimated to be about £2.5 billion .
the additional defence costs of the gulf conflict , to be spread over several years , are [now] estimated to be about £2.5 billion .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health how many in-patients are waiting for treatment currently ; and how many were waiting in March 1979 .
to ask the secretary of state for health how many in-patients are waiting for treatment [now] ; and how many were waiting in march 1979 .

He answered : ’ We hope the national minimum wage — currently £3.40 an hour for 40 hours before stoppages — will rise . ’
he answered : ’ we hope the national minimum wage — [now] £3.40 an hour for 40 hours before stoppages — will rise . ’

Does the Minister intend to bring the concept of sustainable development right into planning guidance as a primary role ? Will he confirm that the primary role of the plan will take precedence over all other considerations ? Will he beef up the public consultation procedures which his Department are currently casting aside like autumn leaves shrivelling on the ground , or do we have to wait for a Labour Government in the full flush of a green spring and summer to bring sense back into our planning system ?
does the minister intend to bring the concept of sustainable development right into planning guidance as a primary role ? will he confirm that the primary role of the plan will take precedence over all other considerations ? will he beef up the public consultation procedures which his department are [now] casting aside like autumn leaves shrivelling on the ground , or do we have to wait for a labour government in the full flush of a green spring and summer to bring sense back into our planning system ?

We have already announced our intention to establish independent authorities for the eight national parks currently run as county council committees .
we have already announced our intention to establish independent authorities for the eight national parks [now] run as county council committees .

The review of wave energy currently under way is due to report early next year .
the review of wave energy [now] under way is due to report early next year .

Vacancies for administrative staff are currently 5.3 per cent .
vacancies for administrative staff are [now] 5.3 per cent .

Does the Minister accept that in Scotland , particularly west central Scotland , there is currently an epidemic of violent crime such as armed robbery and the carrying of offensive weapons , including knives ?
does the minister accept that in scotland , particularly west central scotland , there is [now] an epidemic of violent crime such as armed robbery and the carrying of offensive weapons , including knives ?

He contradicted himself within his own question by saying that we have no constitutional ideas and then identifying an area on which we are currently consulting with a view to making constitutional changes .
he contradicted himself within his own question by saying that we have no constitutional ideas and then identifying an area on which we are [now] consulting with a view to making constitutional changes .

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland how many direct employees of Scottish Enterprise are currently working on the defence industries initiative he announced on 14 October 1991 ; and if he will make a statement on the actions which have so far been taken .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland how many direct employees of scottish enterprise are [now] working on the defence industries initiative he announced on 14 october 1991 ; and if he will make a statement on the actions which have so far been taken .

Harland and Wolff Shipbuilding and Heavy Industries Limited currently has orders for 12 vessels — an auxiliary oiler replenishment vessel for the Ministry of Defence , five Suezmax type tankers and six Capesize bulk carriers , for which three contracts have already been signed , with a further three to be completed shortly .
harland and wolff shipbuilding and heavy industries limited [now] has orders for 12 vessels — an auxiliary oiler replenishment vessel for the ministry of defence , five suezmax type tankers and six capesize bulk carriers , for which three contracts have already been signed , with a further three to be completed shortly .

Does the Secretary of State accept that the current level of 14,000 service families who are resettled every year by the Ministry of Defence is certain to increase dramatically during the restructuring ? Does the Ministry of Defence yet have an estimate of the number of personnel families who will not be able to make provision for their own housing ? Is he aware that that situation will be compounded substantially by the fact that there are about 1,700 ex-service families currently inhabiting Ministry of Defence premises to which , strictly , they have no title ? Is not it time that some urgent policy measures were introduced by the Ministry of Defence to deal with the major problem from 1992 onwards ?
does the secretary of state accept that the current level of 14,000 service families who are resettled every year by the ministry of defence is certain to increase dramatically during the restructuring ? does the ministry of defence yet have an estimate of the number of personnel families who will not be able to make provision for their own housing ? is he aware that that situation will be compounded substantially by the fact that there are about 1,700 ex-service families [now] inhabiting ministry of defence premises to which , strictly , they have no title ? is not it time that some urgent policy measures were introduced by the ministry of defence to deal with the major problem from 1992 onwards ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the answer that he has just given is further reinforced by the fact that several third-world countries , including some middle eastern countries such as Iraq , Algeria and perhaps Libya , are currently acquiring nuclear weapons ? For all those reasons , it is essential that we keep a sub-strategic nuclear system in western Europe .
does my right hon. friend agree that the answer that he has just given is further reinforced by the fact that several third-world countries , including some middle eastern countries such as iraq , algeria and perhaps libya , are [now] acquiring nuclear weapons ? for all those reasons , it is essential that we keep a sub-strategic nuclear system in western europe .

Environmentally sensitive areas currently cover 3.7 per cent .
environmentally sensitive areas [now] cover 3.7 per cent .

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that if the upper earnings limit on national insurance contributions were to be removed , it would punish not just somebody earning £20,280 a year but would punish anyone who earned £390 in a single week ? Does he agree that a proposal that would impose a massive tax burden on 4 million ordinary people could be produced only by a shower such as those who currently comprise the Opposition ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that if the upper earnings limit on national insurance contributions were to be removed , it would punish not just somebody earning £20,280 a year but would punish anyone who earned £390 in a single week ? does he agree that a proposal that would impose a massive tax burden on 4 million ordinary people could be produced only by a shower such as those who [now] comprise the opposition ?

Secondly , are the Government currently involved in giving advice or assistance to the Russian republics and to other east European republics ?
secondly , are the government [now] involved in giving advice or assistance to the russian republics and to other east european republics ?

Petrol prices are currently estimated to be about 48p a litre for four-star and about 44 p a litre for unleaded petrol .
petrol prices are [now] estimated to be about 48p a litre for four-star and about 44 p a litre for unleaded petrol .

There are currently 53 collieries in operation , which are expected to produce 68 million tonnes this financial year .
there are [now] 53 collieries in operation , which are expected to produce 68 million tonnes this financial year .

If the electricity currently provided by nuclear power stations were to be generated by coal , the United Kingdom would emit about 55 million tonnes more carbon dioxide , increasing total emissions by about 10 per cent .
if the electricity [now] provided by nuclear power stations were to be generated by coal , the united kingdom would emit about 55 million tonnes more carbon dioxide , increasing total emissions by about 10 per cent .

Is the Minister aware of the special need in all such schools for nursing cover of the kind currently provided through the health authority ? Is he further aware that many special schools , including the excellent Weston Park school in my constituency , are worried about the threat to that cover ? If it is not to be provided by the health authority , will the Government give an assurance that the schools themselves will be empowered and funded to offer the nursing care that children with special needs require ?
is the minister aware of the special need in all such schools for nursing cover of the kind [now] provided through the health authority ? is he further aware that many special schools , including the excellent weston park school in my constituency , are worried about the threat to that cover ? if it is not to be provided by the health authority , will the government give an assurance that the schools themselves will be empowered and funded to offer the nursing care that children with special needs require ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security how many unemployment benefit claimants there were in York in June 1987 and currently ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for social security how many unemployment benefit claimants there were in york in june 1987 and [now] ; and if he will make a statement .

Will those in the third category , who are claiming extra money to help with personal care and who do not currently receive attendance allowance , have their claims determined by an adjudication officer or a medical practitioner ? Will social factors be given equal weight with medical factors when determining such claims ?
will those in the third category , who are claiming extra money to help with personal care and who do not [now] receive attendance allowance , have their claims determined by an adjudication officer or a medical practitioner ? will social factors be given equal weight with medical factors when determining such claims ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if there are currently any contracts with the Atomic Energy Authority for research into the fabrication of weapons components using plutonium ; and whether any such work has been carried out at Harwell .
to ask the secretary of state for defence if there are [now] any contracts with the atomic energy authority for research into the fabrication of weapons components using plutonium ; and whether any such work has been carried out at harwell .

We are currently consulting all the interests concerned on a Commission discussion paper on possible controls .
we are [now] consulting all the interests concerned on a commission discussion paper on possible controls .

Does not my hon. Friend agree that the whole thrust of the proposals , as they are currently based , directly discriminates against efficiency ? Will he undertake that when he and my right hon. Friend the Minister go to Brussels next week for that crucial meeting , they will continue to fight for British agriculture as a whole and not bend over backwards to please MacSharry , as the Opposition would do ?
does not my hon. friend agree that the whole thrust of the proposals , as they are [now] based , directly discriminates against efficiency ? will he undertake that when he and my right hon. friend the minister go to brussels next week for that crucial meeting , they will continue to fight for british agriculture as a whole and not bend over backwards to please macsharry , as the opposition would do ?

The Government are currently considering the findings of the recent review of meat hygiene enforcement and will announce their decision as soon as possible .
the government are [now] considering the findings of the recent review of meat hygiene enforcement and will announce their decision as soon as possible .

In the current year , the training and enterprise council has a youth training budget of £16.1 million , and about 7,430 young people are currently in training .
in the current year , the training and enterprise council has a youth training budget of £16.1 million , and about 7,430 young people are [now] in training .

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment how many persons are currently unemployed and claiming benefit .
to ask the secretary of state for employment how many persons are [now] unemployed and claiming benefit .

TECs throughout the country are currently deep in negotiations with the regional offices of my Department .
tecs throughout the country are [now] deep in negotiations with the regional offices of my department .

Does my hon. Friend agree that the ability of employers to take out injunctions to prevent unofficial strike action and the ability of the courts to sequester the funds of unions that ignore such injunctions can act as a very firm and much-needed last line of defence against industrial anarchy ? Does he agree that it would be an act of the most amazing folly to tamper with the provisions that currently apply , and yet that is exactly what the Opposition are committed to doing if they win the general election ?
does my hon. friend agree that the ability of employers to take out injunctions to prevent unofficial strike action and the ability of the courts to sequester the funds of unions that ignore such injunctions can act as a very firm and much-needed last line of defence against industrial anarchy ? does he agree that it would be an act of the most amazing folly to tamper with the provisions that [now] apply , and yet that is exactly what the opposition are committed to doing if they win the general election ?

There is no central Government programme under the label ’ skills training ’ , but we are , of course , committed to ensuring that high-quality skills training is provided for the 380,000 people who are currently participating in Government-funded training programmes throughout England and Wales .
there is no central government programme under the label ’ skills training ’ , but we are , of course , committed to ensuring that high-quality skills training is provided for the 380,000 people who are [now] participating in government-funded training programmes throughout england and wales .

Is my hon. Friend aware that British Steel 's productivity woud be fatally crippled by Labour 's absurd proposal to ban coal imports ? Is he aware that 50 per cent . of imported coal goes directly to British Steel and that that coal is not currently available in the United Kingdom ? Should not the Labour party occasionally pause and think before announcing ridiculous objectives which would cost so many British jobs ?
is my hon. friend aware that british steel 's productivity woud be fatally crippled by labour 's absurd proposal to ban coal imports ? is he aware that 50 per cent . of imported coal goes directly to british steel and that that coal is not [now] available in the united kingdom ? should not the labour party occasionally pause and think before announcing ridiculous objectives which would cost so many british jobs ?

They would pay exactly the same under the rents-to-mortgages scheme as they currently pay in rent — but they would be acquiring their homes , rather than simply being tenants .
they would pay exactly the same under the rents-to-mortgages scheme as they [now] pay in rent — but they would be acquiring their homes , rather than simply being tenants .

Unleaded petrol sales in the United Kingdom currently account for nearly 44 per cent .
unleaded petrol sales in the united kingdom [now] account for nearly 44 per cent .

Mr. Simon Hughes As the Minister 's first answer made it clear that a price differential has been a major cause of the substantial increase in sales of unleaded petrol , and as the Secretary of State is on record as saying that the market has a role to play in cutting the use of petrol across the market in the United Kingdom , by what figures does the Department currently estimate that petrol prices will increase over the next few years ?
mr. simon hughes as the minister 's first answer made it clear that a price differential has been a major cause of the substantial increase in sales of unleaded petrol , and as the secretary of state is on record as saying that the market has a role to play in cutting the use of petrol across the market in the united kingdom , by what figures does the department [now] estimate that petrol prices will increase over the next few years ?

It is extraordinary to describe the Government or Welsh Office as philistine when the Government are currently spending £21 million on the extension and development of the National Museum of Wales in Cardiff .
it is extraordinary to describe the government or welsh office as philistine when the government are [now] spending £21 million on the extension and development of the national museum of wales in cardiff .

There are currently about 170 posts in grades 1 and 2 of the civil service .
there are [now] about 170 posts in grades 1 and 2 of the civil service .

The Further and Higher Education Bill currently before Parliament will ensure that a wide range of educational provision for students with disabilities and learning difficulties is maintained and developed in the new further education sector .
the further and higher education bill [now] before parliament will ensure that a wide range of educational provision for students with disabilities and learning difficulties is maintained and developed in the new further education sector .

Excellent progress is being made with our plans , which are the subject of the Further and Higher Education Bill currently before Parliament , to give colleges independence from local authority control .
excellent progress is being made with our plans , which are the subject of the further and higher education bill [now] before parliament , to give colleges independence from local authority control .

How does the Lord Chancellor explain to the chairman of the Law Commission the Government 's appalling record on matters of law reform ? Since 1984 , 22 Bills have not been acted on . What does that do for the morale of the Law Commission ? Why do the Government not act on the huge injustices currently affecting business people , such as original lessee liability ? Why have they such an appalling record when ready-made Bills are presented to them by the Law Commission ?
how does the lord chancellor explain to the chairman of the law commission the government 's appalling record on matters of law reform ? since 1984 , 22 bills have not been acted on . what does that do for the morale of the law commission ? why do the government not act on the huge injustices [now] affecting business people , such as original lessee liability ? why have they such an appalling record when ready-made bills are presented to them by the law commission ?

Members will hardly need to be reminded , a large number of roles are currently carried out by the Royal Auxiliary Air Force .
members will hardly need to be reminded , a large number of roles are [now] carried out by the royal auxiliary air force .

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence how many young people under the age of 18 years are currently serving in the armed forces .
to ask the secretary of state for defence how many young people under the age of 18 years are [now] serving in the armed forces .

We are looking at the matter and it is currently being considered by the Department .
we are looking at the matter and it is [now] being considered by the department .

This matter is currently under consideration by the chief executive of the maintenance group defence support agency .
this matter is [now] under consideration by the chief executive of the maintenance group defence support agency .

Currently , 55 per cent .
[now] , 55 per cent .

Does my right hon. Friend recognise the dangers inherent in introducing unworkable proposals for devolution for Scotland ? Does he accept that if such proposals were implemented , they would lead to a separatist , socialist , nationalist Scotland , enormous loss of jobs and the closure of military bases ? The jobs that currently go to the military in the United Kingdom would be lost from factories in Scotland .
does my right hon. friend recognise the dangers inherent in introducing unworkable proposals for devolution for scotland ? does he accept that if such proposals were implemented , they would lead to a separatist , socialist , nationalist scotland , enormous loss of jobs and the closure of military bases ? the jobs that [now] go to the military in the united kingdom would be lost from factories in scotland .

It is currently estimated that , for every £100 million invested in trunk road improvements , about 100 road deaths and 4,500 casualties are saved over a 30-year period .
it is [now] estimated that , for every £100 million invested in trunk road improvements , about 100 road deaths and 4,500 casualties are saved over a 30-year period .

If the protests that have been made about cuts in training places on Merseyside are simply synthetic protestations , as the Minister said earlier , can he explain why projects such as the Hexagon project on Merseyside face closure ? How can he explain that when 71,000 people in the city of Liverpool alone are currently unemployed ? Surely that is an area where more training , not less , is needed .
if the protests that have been made about cuts in training places on merseyside are simply synthetic protestations , as the minister said earlier , can he explain why projects such as the hexagon project on merseyside face closure ? how can he explain that when 71,000 people in the city of liverpool alone are [now] unemployed ? surely that is an area where more training , not less , is needed .

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment how many unemployed people are currently engaged in training schemes .
to ask the secretary of state for employment how many unemployed people are [now] engaged in training schemes .

There are currently some 300,000 young people on youth training , and around 150,000 people on employment training in Great Britain .
there are [now] some 300,000 young people on youth training , and around 150,000 people on employment training in great britain .

Currently , 6,000 inspections are not carried out every year .
[now] , 6,000 inspections are not carried out every year .

The Bill therefore provides that students , student nurses , apprentices , youth trainees and other categories , who are currently only partially exempt from the community charge , will not , if they are resident in a dwelling , add to the council tax liability of that dwelling .
the bill therefore provides that students , student nurses , apprentices , youth trainees and other categories , who are [now] only partially exempt from the community charge , will not , if they are resident in a dwelling , add to the council tax liability of that dwelling .

The claim is currently being considered by the Adjudication Officer who is awaiting a reply from the employer regarding Mr. Docherty 's response to their claim that he was dismissed for misconduct .
the claim is [now] being considered by the adjudication officer who is awaiting a reply from the employer regarding mr. docherty 's response to their claim that he was dismissed for misconduct .

The chosen route will pass through more high-risk contaminated land sites than any other scheme and it will pass through more areas currently in business or industrial use , including the Ford works at Dagenham .
the chosen route will pass through more high-risk contaminated land sites than any other scheme and it will pass through more areas [now] in business or industrial use , including the ford works at dagenham .

There is assistance available for students ' education through the educational maintenance system and what is currently in operation is the best method for the support of students .
there is assistance available for students ' education through the educational maintenance system and what is [now] in operation is the best method for the support of students .

of the male population in Newham are currently unemployed .
of the male population in newham are [now] unemployed .

In the finances that are being made available , is there anything to continue the concessionary fuel arrangements ? If privatisation occurs , will the Government guarantee everything that currently exists , will that be left to the private owners , or will the miners be sold down the river ?
in the finances that are being made available , is there anything to continue the concessionary fuel arrangements ? if privatisation occurs , will the government guarantee everything that [now] exists , will that be left to the private owners , or will the miners be sold down the river ?

The Local Government Bill currently being considered in another place contains provisions for securing greater consistency of practice between local authorities .
the local government bill [now] being considered in another place contains provisions for securing greater consistency of practice between local authorities .

It said : ’ We are working closely on this matter with the Careers Service , who advise us that currently we have outstanding approximately 800 youngsters ’ .
it said : ’ we are working closely on this matter with the careers service , who advise us that [now] we have outstanding approximately 800 youngsters ’ .

Astra says : ’ many training providers are currently in financial difficulties and are leaving the training market .
astra says : ’ many training providers are [now] in financial difficulties and are leaving the training market .

Great damage could be caused to the prospects of the adult education centres , where currently vocational and so-called leisure courses exist happily side by side .
great damage could be caused to the prospects of the adult education centres , where [now] vocational and so-called leisure courses exist happily side by side .

Because Israel did not detonate a weapon prior to 1967 , but currently possesses nuclear weapons , it would be in violation of the treaty if it were a signatory to it and would be legally obliged to destroy its stockpile and to end its nuclear programme .
because israel did not detonate a weapon prior to 1967 , but [now] possesses nuclear weapons , it would be in violation of the treaty if it were a signatory to it and would be legally obliged to destroy its stockpile and to end its nuclear programme .

To allow it to maintain the 300 nuclear weapons that it is currently estimated to hold — including 100 tactical weapons — can only provoke and encourage the Arab states ' determination to obtain nuclear arsenals .
to allow it to maintain the 300 nuclear weapons that it is [now] estimated to hold — including 100 tactical weapons — can only provoke and encourage the arab states ' determination to obtain nuclear arsenals .

The Education Act 1962 currently limits mandatory grant support to full-time first degree and comparable courses .
the education act 1962 [now] limits mandatory grant support to full-time first degree and comparable courses .

It is extremely important to the case for assessing whether we should proceed with the King 's Cross proposals as currently enshrined in the Bill .
it is extremely important to the case for assessing whether we should proceed with the king 's cross proposals as [now] enshrined in the bill .

There are many titles currently in use , each betraying an ideological disposition towards the period 's events : the Interregnum , the Great Rebellion , the English Revolution , the Civil War .
there are many titles [now] in use , each betraying an ideological disposition towards the period 's events : the interregnum , the great rebellion , the english revolution , the civil war .

The processes through which the text has become part of the textuality of history will probably have meant the re-deployment of those original agencies so that they have reappeared in some disguised fashion within currently familiar structural organisation for understanding culture .
the processes through which the text has become part of the textuality of history will probably have meant the re-deployment of those original agencies so that they have reappeared in some disguised fashion within [now] familiar structural organisation for understanding culture .

Even if the seller has every intention of supplying the buyer with the 12 bottles currently in stock , it still may not be a contract for the sale of specific goods .
even if the seller has every intention of supplying the buyer with the 12 bottles [now] in stock , it still may not be a contract for the sale of specific goods .

Her thick dark hair fell in a waving mass to her shoulders , and she had a short , straight nose , a mouth that was full-lipped to the point of petulance , and almond-shaped brown eyes , currently studying Sabine without friendliness .
her thick dark hair fell in a waving mass to her shoulders , and she had a short , straight nose , a mouth that was full-lipped to the point of petulance , and almond-shaped brown eyes , [now] studying sabine without friendliness .

As price is in excess of marginal cost , consumers would value additional units of the product more highly than goods being currently produced with the resources that could be reallocated to the monopolized product .
as price is in excess of marginal cost , consumers would value additional units of the product more highly than goods being [now] produced with the resources that could be reallocated to the monopolized product .

Were this competitive process to run its course to completion — in other words , were all decisions to become fully dovetailed — each participant would no longer be under pressure to improve the opportunities he is currently offering to the market , since no one else is offering more attractive opportunities [ … ] It is unnecessary , under these circumstances , for any participant to inch ahead of his competitors ( in the attractiveness of opportunities offered ) , since all current plans can be carried out in the market without disappointment .
were this competitive process to run its course to completion — in other words , were all decisions to become fully dovetailed — each participant would no longer be under pressure to improve the opportunities he is [now] offering to the market , since no one else is offering more attractive opportunities [ … ] it is unnecessary , under these circumstances , for any participant to inch ahead of his competitors ( in the attractiveness of opportunities offered ) , since all current plans can be carried out in the market without disappointment .

To see this , let us imagine a market in which all those currently participating are in fact unable to learn from their market experience .
to see this , let us imagine a market in which all those [now] participating are in fact unable to learn from their market experience .

Consumers ' initial ignorance of the kinds of commodities technologically possible with currently available resources and of the relative prices at which these commodities can in principle be produced gradually diminishes .
consumers ' initial ignorance of the kinds of commodities technologically possible with [now] available resources and of the relative prices at which these commodities can in principle be produced gradually diminishes .

During the course of the market process the competitive efforts of a particular producer-entrepreneur may lead him to offer something to the market which no one else is currently producing .
during the course of the market process the competitive efforts of a particular producer-entrepreneur may lead him to offer something to the market which no one else is [now] producing .

Where there are very many known alternatives , or there are known to be currently unimaginable possibilities , the ability of people to make detailed plans for the future is limited , given bounded rationality .
where there are very many known alternatives , or there are known to be [now] unimaginable possibilities , the ability of people to make detailed plans for the future is limited , given bounded rationality .

Part of the project therefore will be spent developing the theory behind this new geometric approach and in producing one single geometric theory which extends the currently fragmented literature .
part of the project therefore will be spent developing the theory behind this new geometric approach and in producing one single geometric theory which extends the [now] fragmented literature .

Smoothing methods are currently adopted here , and these are being assessed , prior to ( possibly ) recommending alternative approaches .
smoothing methods are [now] adopted here , and these are being assessed , prior to ( possibly ) recommending alternative approaches .

Considerable variation was found within this population and comparisons are currently being made between those children who might be regarded as readers of poor , average and high ability to establish whether different patterns of cognitive abilities may be used to account for this variation .
considerable variation was found within this population and comparisons are [now] being made between those children who might be regarded as readers of poor , average and high ability to establish whether different patterns of cognitive abilities may be used to account for this variation .

Such work is not without its dangers and the Committee is currently making enquiries about an insurance policy .
such work is not without its dangers and the committee is [now] making enquiries about an insurance policy .

‘ Oh , you 're the star , ’ she conceded mockingly , currently in a mood to indulge his ego .
‘ oh , you 're the star , ’ she conceded mockingly , [now] in a mood to indulge his ego .

She heard her own shaming urgency and winced self-consciously , but even if he had been an observant man , Florian was currently too preoccupied to have noticed it , still busily congratulating himself and probably fantasising about taking Hawaii by storm .
she heard her own shaming urgency and winced self-consciously , but even if he had been an observant man , florian was [now] too preoccupied to have noticed it , still busily congratulating himself and probably fantasising about taking hawaii by storm .

The analysis of intergenerational redistribution ( whether , for example , the generation now retired has had a better or worse deal over their lifetime than those currently in the labour force ) poses still more severe problems .
the analysis of intergenerational redistribution ( whether , for example , the generation now retired has had a better or worse deal over their lifetime than those [now] in the labour force ) poses still more severe problems .

It might even have been handsome had it not been for the dark scowl that currently shadowed it .
it might even have been handsome had it not been for the dark scowl that [now] shadowed it .

In particular , the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty which lies at the root of British democracy can not be squared with European political union as it is currently proposed .
in particular , the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty which lies at the root of british democracy can not be squared with european political union as it is [now] proposed .

In either event , the Treaty will be different from the one currently before the British House of Commons .
in either event , the treaty will be different from the one [now] before the british house of commons .

Even if government policy is linked to the future state of the economy in the sense that it is influenced by the predictions of some government economic model , these predictions can be currently ascertained and used to make government policy predictable .
even if government policy is linked to the future state of the economy in the sense that it is influenced by the predictions of some government economic model , these predictions can be [now] ascertained and used to make government policy predictable .

The former reflects the effects of contracts formed last period currently in their first period , and the latter reflects the effects of contracts formed two periods ago now in their second period .
the former reflects the effects of contracts formed last period [now] in their first period , and the latter reflects the effects of contracts formed two periods ago now in their second period .

Minter , had he but known it , was right as well as wrong : right that Harry was running short of cash , wrong if he believed that currently mattered to him a jot .
minter , had he but known it , was right as well as wrong : right that harry was running short of cash , wrong if he believed that [now] mattered to him a jot .

The contract will also specify the future level of benefits for those currently contributing to the fund .
the contract will also specify the future level of benefits for those [now] contributing to the fund .

These will have been issued with a fixed redemption value and we must assume that the holder calculated that this would give him a return equal or similar to alternative returns currently available .
these will have been issued with a fixed redemption value and we must assume that the holder calculated that this would give him a return equal or similar to alternative returns [now] available .

It was a satisfying sort of job , good for working off frustrations — of which she seemed currently to have rather more than her fair share .
it was a satisfying sort of job , good for working off frustrations — of which she seemed [now] to have rather more than her fair share .

His secretary had been out to lunch , and he had been going through the files stored on the disk she was currently using , looking for a copy of a contract that he urgently needed to check .
his secretary had been out to lunch , and he had been going through the files stored on the disk she was [now] using , looking for a copy of a contract that he urgently needed to check .

( China ) These examples coming from foreign cultures strike most of us as blatantly political , a part of the indoctrination of the young into the currently dominant values in these societies .
( china ) these examples coming from foreign cultures strike most of us as blatantly political , a part of the indoctrination of the young into the [now] dominant values in these societies .

Pupils not infrequently ask teachers what is the use ( or relevance ) of what they are currently struggling to learn .
pupils not infrequently ask teachers what is the use ( or relevance ) of what they are [now] struggling to learn .

Most current and currently potential uses of micros for mathematics learning apply to other subject areas too , at least broadly .
most current and [now] potential uses of micros for mathematics learning apply to other subject areas too , at least broadly .

Mrs Puri went on to describe , at some length , the trials and tribulations currently being faced by the Bombay Stock Exchange .
mrs puri went on to describe , at some length , the trials and tribulations [now] being faced by the bombay stock exchange .

Opinions currently differ as to the effectiveness of strategies in the professional development of teachers during the last twenty years .
opinions [now] differ as to the effectiveness of strategies in the professional development of teachers during the last twenty years .

To provide teachers with the means to easily and quickly identify sexism in children 's literature should they wish to do so [ 'sexism' here to include explicit sexism , i.e. a refusal to acknowledge diversity resulting in a stereotypical portrayal , and implicit sexism , i.e. a tacit acceptance of prevalent inequalities on the basis that these reflect currently accepted norms ] .
to provide teachers with the means to easily and quickly identify sexism in children 's literature should they wish to do so [ 'sexism' here to include explicit sexism , i.e. a refusal to acknowledge diversity resulting in a stereotypical portrayal , and implicit sexism , i.e. a tacit acceptance of prevalent inequalities on the basis that these reflect [now] accepted norms ] .

St. George 's is a large Church of England aided 11–18 comprehensive , with approximately 1300 pupils , currently in the process of changing from all boys to a co-educational school .
st. george 's is a large church of england aided 11–18 comprehensive , with approximately 1300 pupils , [now] in the process of changing from all boys to a co-educational school .

Some even expressed the view that , if examinations in the arts were removed , they would probably approach the subject in a similar fashion to that currently being used in the examination course .
some even expressed the view that , if examinations in the arts were removed , they would probably approach the subject in a similar fashion to that [now] being used in the examination course .

The Cathedral could be got into at any time by the Bishop 's door , given how unlikely it was that the Bishop in his currently abstracted state should remember to lock it every time he used it .
the cathedral could be got into at any time by the bishop 's door , given how unlikely it was that the bishop in his [now] abstracted state should remember to lock it every time he used it .

The third important focal place function is exchange , currently a fashionable word in archaeological texts .
the third important focal place function is exchange , [now] a fashionable word in archaeological texts .

Definition of the ecclesiastical hierarchy in the landscape and the status of particular sites at different dates is another difficult aspect , currently the subject of much research .
definition of the ecclesiastical hierarchy in the landscape and the status of particular sites at different dates is another difficult aspect , [now] the subject of much research .

Negotiations are currently in progress with partners in Urenco Ltd , the Angle-German-Dutch enterprise , with the aim of converting the partnership into a holding company .
negotiations are [now] in progress with partners in urenco ltd , the angle-german-dutch enterprise , with the aim of converting the partnership into a holding company .

For the Capenhurst staff who will transfer to Urenco [ Capenhurst ] Ltd employment terms and conditions will be broadly similar to those currently in place .
for the capenhurst staff who will transfer to urenco [ capenhurst ] ltd employment terms and conditions will be broadly similar to those [now] in place .

The diesel unit is now providing vital emergency power for lighting and medical equipment at the 600-bed Eudamex hospital near Bucharest , which is currently suffering up to three blackouts a day .
the diesel unit is now providing vital emergency power for lighting and medical equipment at the 600-bed eudamex hospital near bucharest , which is [now] suffering up to three blackouts a day .

Currently the District Council are investigating the possibility of a Compulsory Purchase Order .
[now] the district council are investigating the possibility of a compulsory purchase order .

Volunteers are currently working on the upgrading of parts of the Union Canal towpath in the area of Hermiston , near Edinburgh .
volunteers are [now] working on the upgrading of parts of the union canal towpath in the area of hermiston , near edinburgh .

New products currently under development and in clinical trials in our biomedical business offer exciting potential for future growth .
new products [now] under development and in clinical trials in our biomedical business offer exciting potential for future growth .

The company currently employ a number of life-guards however , and these can be found in Staff Services department .
the company [now] employ a number of life-guards however , and these can be found in staff services department .

July to September 1992 — currently open , probably a further promotion of the book and environment .
july to september 1992 — [now] open , probably a further promotion of the book and environment .

Currently campaigns on International Debt .
[now] campaigns on international debt .

To have a register and fully annotated report of all the training currently offered by all denominations , and other relevant organizations .
to have a register and fully annotated report of all the training [now] offered by all denominations , and other relevant organizations .

There are currently twenty one modules .
there are [now] twenty one modules .

Certification is currently available for a number of different activities within each sub-group as follows :
certification is [now] available for a number of different activities within each sub-group as follows :

At Level Two students will complete a self assessment , taking into account their attitude and behaviours and the factors which currently affect their health and fitness .
at level two students will complete a self assessment , taking into account their attitude and behaviours and the factors which [now] affect their health and fitness .

Developments at the elementary level , particularly with regard to the schools sector , are currently underway and introductory modules in Office Practice are being developed .
developments at the elementary level , particularly with regard to the schools sector , are [now] underway and introductory modules in office practice are being developed .

Alternatively , the Commissioner will usually delay providing assistance if an internal investigation into the problem is currently being conducted by the trade union .
alternatively , the commissioner will usually delay providing assistance if an internal investigation into the problem is [now] being conducted by the trade union .

The Engineering Council is currently preparing resource packs to be used by teachers .
the engineering council is [now] preparing resource packs to be used by teachers .

There is also currently much debate about the possibility of a dichotomy between explicit and implicit learning and memory ( e.g .
there is also [now] much debate about the possibility of a dichotomy between explicit and implicit learning and memory ( e.g .

For example , attention is often thought to be directed particularly to information which is inconsistent with the currently active schema ( e.g .
for example , attention is often thought to be directed particularly to information which is inconsistent with the [now] active schema ( e.g .

Only limited taxation relief is currently available on these costs .
only limited taxation relief is [now] available on these costs .

This is because only limited tax relief is currently available for restructuring costs and asset write-downs in certain fiscal jurisdictions .
this is because only limited tax relief is [now] available for restructuring costs and asset write-downs in certain fiscal jurisdictions .

People currently entitled to benefit who received rebate under the community charge will automatically receive a claim form along with the council tax enquiry forms .
people [now] entitled to benefit who received rebate under the community charge will automatically receive a claim form along with the council tax enquiry forms .

1.7 The above figures relate to staff who are currently paid at the top of their grade .
1.7 the above figures relate to staff who are [now] paid at the top of their grade .

1.9 All of these inducements — except overtime payments — are currently enjoyed by staff .
1.9 all of these inducements — except overtime payments — are [now] enjoyed by staff .

Wimpey is currently negotiating to provide private finance to build a conference centre for a Government training establishment .
wimpey is [now] negotiating to provide private finance to build a conference centre for a government training establishment .

The company is currently operating eight sites and has just moved to a new office in South Normanton , Derbyshire .
the company is [now] operating eight sites and has just moved to a new office in south normanton , derbyshire .

Project manager Jim Berry and his team and currently working on the new complex which will include an 18,000 sq m main building complete with operating theatres , outpatients , accident and emergency and x-ray departments as well as kitchen and laundry facilities .
project manager jim berry and his team and [now] working on the new complex which will include an 18,000 sq m main building complete with operating theatres , outpatients , accident and emergency and x-ray departments as well as kitchen and laundry facilities .

Currently the schedule for the vehicles is arranged until the Autumn of 1993 , with many more requests on file .
[now] the schedule for the vehicles is arranged until the autumn of 1993 , with many more requests on file .

The feedback currently available indicates that the numbers of women reading engineering have increased to 15% ( from 7.8% in 1982–83 ) , but much more still remains to be done and industry 's most pressing problem in the 1990s will be to attract , recruit and retain the high calibre of technologically literate young people they will need .
the feedback [now] available indicates that the numbers of women reading engineering have increased to 15% ( from 7.8% in 1982–83 ) , but much more still remains to be done and industry 's most pressing problem in the 1990s will be to attract , recruit and retain the high calibre of technologically literate young people they will need .

Two currently prevailing ideas are promulgated in this letter .
two [now] prevailing ideas are promulgated in this letter .

An objective assessment of geological database coverage by Tenopir confirmed that Georef was the preferred database for searching , of the two which then currently existed .
an objective assessment of geological database coverage by tenopir confirmed that georef was the preferred database for searching , of the two which then [now] existed .

The rate is currently over 70 per annum .
the rate is [now] over 70 per annum .

For those theses which were read , and were subsequently not cited , Kochen 's fourth alternative contains some of the possible reasons for non-citation , but there may be others , and it is not possible to choose between them from the evidence currently available .
for those theses which were read , and were subsequently not cited , kochen 's fourth alternative contains some of the possible reasons for non-citation , but there may be others , and it is not possible to choose between them from the evidence [now] available .

Defining half-life as the time during which one-half of all the currently active literature in a subject field was published , Burton and Kebler discovered a bimodal distribution of half-lives , or two patterns of literatures of different half-lives , leading to their classification of literatures as either classical or ephemeral , depending on the half-life patterns observed .
defining half-life as the time during which one-half of all the [now] active literature in a subject field was published , burton and kebler discovered a bimodal distribution of half-lives , or two patterns of literatures of different half-lives , leading to their classification of literatures as either classical or ephemeral , depending on the half-life patterns observed .

It could also be used in other subject fields , which currently lack specialist thesis listings , to generate maps of research activity .
it could also be used in other subject fields , which [now] lack specialist thesis listings , to generate maps of research activity .

What we intend to do in this chapter is discuss the inferential structure that forms the backbone of many of the methods of data collection currently in use .
what we intend to do in this chapter is discuss the inferential structure that forms the backbone of many of the methods of data collection [now] in use .

Lazarsfeld recognised that social science theories , currently and for the foreseeable future , could simply not match up to those on offer in the natural sciences .
lazarsfeld recognised that social science theories , [now] and for the foreseeable future , could simply not match up to those on offer in the natural sciences .

Some have expressed doubt that Stevens ' scale types add up to a theory of measurement or , if they do , whether this approach is a useful one for social research as it currently stands .
some have expressed doubt that stevens ' scale types add up to a theory of measurement or , if they do , whether this approach is a useful one for social research as it [now] stands .

This logic is common to many scaling procedures currently in use , and , of course , incorporates what later became known as the logic of variable analysis in reasoning from observable indicators to some theoretically defined construct .
this logic is common to many scaling procedures [now] in use , and , of course , incorporates what later became known as the logic of variable analysis in reasoning from observable indicators to some theoretically defined construct .

38954-55 ] , the Senate labour and human resources committee on July 1 voted 12 to five to approve a bill designed to enshrine the right to abortion — currently derived from the beleaguered 1973 Supreme Court decision , Roe v. Wade — into federal law .
38954-55 ] , the senate labour and human resources committee on july 1 voted 12 to five to approve a bill designed to enshrine the right to abortion — [now] derived from the beleaguered 1973 supreme court decision , roe v. wade — into federal law .

Policy differences between the candidates were minimal , and both promised to introduce free-market reforms in an economy currently dominated by state ownership and interventionist policies .
policy differences between the candidates were minimal , and both promised to introduce free-market reforms in an economy [now] dominated by state ownership and interventionist policies .

Local stock markets , however , reacted cautiously to the news , since each individual bank had still to approve what was a complex package , as had the Senate , then currently embroiled in congressional moves to impeach President Fernando Collor de Mello on charges of alleged corruption [ see pp .
local stock markets , however , reacted cautiously to the news , since each individual bank had still to approve what was a complex package , as had the senate , then [now] embroiled in congressional moves to impeach president fernando collor de mello on charges of alleged corruption [ see pp .

Army personnel would total 18,000 , and the number of troops of the former Soviet army currently stationed in the republic would therefore be reduced by 30 to 40 per cent .
army personnel would total 18,000 , and the number of troops of the former soviet army [now] stationed in the republic would therefore be reduced by 30 to 40 per cent .

Army personnel would total 18,000 , and the number of troops of the former Soviet army currently stationed in the republic would therefore be reduced by 30 to 40 per cent .
army personnel would total 18,000 , and the number of troops of the former soviet army [now] stationed in the republic would therefore be reduced by 30 to 40 per cent .

It appeared that 30 Estonians had attempted to seize premises currently belonging to the Russian military , but due to be handed over to Estonia .
it appeared that 30 estonians had attempted to seize premises [now] belonging to the russian military , but due to be handed over to estonia .

On July 4 the Sejm heard the report of the Extraordinary Commission on the exposure of security service collaborators between 1945 and 1990 who were currently still in positions of authority .
on july 4 the sejm heard the report of the extraordinary commission on the exposure of security service collaborators between 1945 and 1990 who were [now] still in positions of authority .

Its proposal , adopted by 208 votes to 145 with 14 abstentions , entrusted the task of replacing the 1956 legislation to a Sejm commission working on a new constitution and to the Justice Ministry , which was currently reforming the penal code .
its proposal , adopted by 208 votes to 145 with 14 abstentions , entrusted the task of replacing the 1956 legislation to a sejm commission working on a new constitution and to the justice ministry , which was [now] reforming the penal code .

On May 23 the Minister of State for Cabinet Affairs , Dhari Abdullah al Othman said that the trails " currently taking place in public were within the framework of the law " and described as " tendentious " reports which suggested otherwise .
on may 23 the minister of state for cabinet affairs , dhari abdullah al othman said that the trails " [now] taking place in public were within the framework of the law " and described as " tendentious " reports which suggested otherwise .

At the ceremony Sharon vowed to double the Jewish population of the Heights ( currently some 12,400 ) to ensure that the territory never returned to Syria .
at the ceremony sharon vowed to double the jewish population of the heights ( [now] some 12,400 ) to ensure that the territory never returned to syria .

In December the federal parliament set up a committee to examine ways of streamlining the process of constitutional reform , and in particular considering the unanimity among all 10 provinces currently required to achieve key constitutional changes .
in december the federal parliament set up a committee to examine ways of streamlining the process of constitutional reform , and in particular considering the unanimity among all 10 provinces [now] required to achieve key constitutional changes .

President : Joaquín Balaguer , 84 , a political veteran currently in his sixth ( non-consecutive ) term of office .
president : joaquín balaguer , 84 , a political veteran [now] in his sixth ( non-consecutive ) term of office .

Legislative power is vested in a bicameral parliament , with a term of up to five years , which consists of an elected House of Representatives ( currently with 15 members ) and a 13-member appointed Senate .
legislative power is vested in a bicameral parliament , with a term of up to five years , which consists of an elected house of representatives ( [now] with 15 members ) and a 13-member appointed senate .

This issue had proved a major stumbling block in recent talks , as equal representation in the upper chamber for every province — the implacable demand of several of the less populous provinces — would mean a reduction in the share of the seats currently held by the country 's heavily populated provinces , particularly Ontario and Quebec .
this issue had proved a major stumbling block in recent talks , as equal representation in the upper chamber for every province — the implacable demand of several of the less populous provinces — would mean a reduction in the share of the seats [now] held by the country 's heavily populated provinces , particularly ontario and quebec .

The former king , Mihai or Michael , currently living in exile in Switzerland , was denied a visa to enter Romania on Aug. 13 .
the former king , mihai or michael , [now] living in exile in switzerland , was denied a visa to enter romania on aug. 13 .

He said that the party would support an amendment to the Basic Law , which currently stated that `` persons persecuted on political grounds shall enjoy the right to asylum `` .
he said that the party would support an amendment to the basic law , which [now] stated that `` persons persecuted on political grounds shall enjoy the right to asylum `` .

Nabi Berri , leader of the Shia organization Amal and currently a Cabinet member , said on Aug. 18 that a postponement was undesirable and that `` those who call for a postponement are also targeting the Taif accord `` .
nabi berri , leader of the shia organization amal and [now] a cabinet member , said on aug. 18 that a postponement was undesirable and that `` those who call for a postponement are also targeting the taif accord `` .

The Supreme Court 's decision also focused attention on the Freedom of Choice bill currently awaiting congressional consideration .
the supreme court 's decision also focused attention on the freedom of choice bill [now] awaiting congressional consideration .

Ukraine proclaimed itself a nuclear-free republic on Aug. 28 , seeking the removal to Russia of nuclear weapons currently stationed on its territory .
ukraine proclaimed itself a nuclear-free republic on aug. 28 , seeking the removal to russia of nuclear weapons [now] stationed on its territory .

President Bush had stated on Aug. 2 that only a health problem — which he stressed did not currently exist — would deter him from seeking re-election for a second term .
president bush had stated on aug. 2 that only a health problem — which he stressed did not [now] exist — would deter him from seeking re-election for a second term .

There were also reports that North Korea was developing a new missile with sufficient range to reach Japan , and currently had the capacity to produce 4,500 tonnes of chemical weapons per year .
there were also reports that north korea was developing a new missile with sufficient range to reach japan , and [now] had the capacity to produce 4,500 tonnes of chemical weapons per year .

He also promised significant changes in the regulations currently applied to the securities industry .
he also promised significant changes in the regulations [now] applied to the securities industry .

Although the former heads of the two securities houses added little to their previous statements , Tabuchi admitted on Aug. 29 that Nomura 's links with Japan 's organized crime syndicates , which had been revealed in July [ see p. 38342 ] , were currently under investigation and might prove to have been more extensive than had been initially suggested .
although the former heads of the two securities houses added little to their previous statements , tabuchi admitted on aug. 29 that nomura 's links with japan 's organized crime syndicates , which had been revealed in july [ see p. 38342 ] , were [now] under investigation and might prove to have been more extensive than had been initially suggested .

Subodh Kant Sahay , Minister of State for Home Affairs , in a statement on Jan. 2 to the Indian parliament announced that 890 people had been killed and nearly 4,000 injured in 15 weeks of Hindu-Moslem riots triggered by Hindu agitation around the disputed sacred site where a mosque currently stood in Ayodhya , Uttar Pradesh .
subodh kant sahay , minister of state for home affairs , in a statement on jan. 2 to the indian parliament announced that 890 people had been killed and nearly 4,000 injured in 15 weeks of hindu-moslem riots triggered by hindu agitation around the disputed sacred site where a mosque [now] stood in ayodhya , uttar pradesh .

The renewed bombings increased opposition to a bill currently before the French Senate , granting more autonomy to Corsica and formal recognition to the Corsican people as a distinct group , described as " a component of the French people " .
the renewed bombings increased opposition to a bill [now] before the french senate , granting more autonomy to corsica and formal recognition to the corsican people as a distinct group , described as " a component of the french people " .

Russia , which controlled rouble printing , was currently forced to extend credit to other republics .
russia , which controlled rouble printing , was [now] forced to extend credit to other republics .

There were currently some 30,000 asylum seekers in Austria , mostly from eastern Europe .
there were [now] some 30,000 asylum seekers in austria , mostly from eastern europe .

Passed on Sept. 12 the Senate appropriations bill , in contrast to the House 's , also allowed the government , which was currently banned from financing abortions for poor women , to pay for them in cases of rape and incest .
passed on sept. 12 the senate appropriations bill , in contrast to the house 's , also allowed the government , which was [now] banned from financing abortions for poor women , to pay for them in cases of rape and incest .

On Aug. 28 Carlos Lehder Rivas , a former Medellín `` drugs baron `` currently serving a life sentence [ see p. 36278 ] , had agreed to testify against Noriega in return for a possible reduction of his prison sentence .
on aug. 28 carlos lehder rivas , a former medellín `` drugs baron `` [now] serving a life sentence [ see p. 36278 ] , had agreed to testify against noriega in return for a possible reduction of his prison sentence .

However , the report stressed the long-term need to diversify mainland industries and to reduce dependence on oil , which was currently increasing .
however , the report stressed the long-term need to diversify mainland industries and to reduce dependence on oil , which was [now] increasing .

The upper house ( House of Lords ) is appointed on a partly hereditary and partly non-hereditary ( life ) basis and includes certain senior judges and 26 Church of England bishops ; it currently comprises some 1,200 members .
the upper house ( house of lords ) is appointed on a partly hereditary and partly non-hereditary ( life ) basis and includes certain senior judges and 26 church of england bishops ; it [now] comprises some 1,200 members .

The first had cut the profit tax for Soviet enterprises from 45 per cent to 35 per cent , stipulating that enterprises should seek to raise wages to an average Rbs480 a month for production workers ( the average wage was currently Rbs270 a month ) .
the first had cut the profit tax for soviet enterprises from 45 per cent to 35 per cent , stipulating that enterprises should seek to raise wages to an average rbs480 a month for production workers ( the average wage was [now] rbs270 a month ) .

The Congress opened on March 28 , but adjourned after emergency votes concerning the confrontation currently taking place close to the Kremlin between security forces and pro-Yeltsin demonstrators [ see p. 38080 ] .
the congress opened on march 28 , but adjourned after emergency votes concerning the confrontation [now] taking place close to the kremlin between security forces and pro-yeltsin demonstrators [ see p. 38080 ] .

He predicted civil war between parties currently gathered in an `` illusory coalition `` against his administration , which would lead to `` genuine dictatorship , and not the imaginary one which certain people perceive in the current constitutional regime `` .
he predicted civil war between parties [now] gathered in an `` illusory coalition `` against his administration , which would lead to `` genuine dictatorship , and not the imaginary one which certain people perceive in the current constitutional regime `` .

Under the emergency regulations , currently affecting more than two-thirds of the country and 50 per cent of the population , all constitutional guarantees contained in Articles 7 , 9 and 10 of the Constitution were suspended and the army was placed in full control of internal order .
under the emergency regulations , [now] affecting more than two-thirds of the country and 50 per cent of the population , all constitutional guarantees contained in articles 7 , 9 and 10 of the constitution were suspended and the army was placed in full control of internal order .

However , some press reports alleged that the Ethiopian government was demanding weapons and fuel from Israel in return for the departure of 16,000 Ethiopian Jews currently living in squalid camps around the Israeli embassy in Addis Ababa .
however , some press reports alleged that the ethiopian government was demanding weapons and fuel from israel in return for the departure of 16,000 ethiopian jews [now] living in squalid camps around the israeli embassy in addis ababa .

Subject to certain conditions , the council 's flats would be given away to those who currently occupied them .
subject to certain conditions , the council 's flats would be given away to those who [now] occupied them .

Bourassa 's attitude coincided with opinion poll evidence which suggested that , while a majority of Quebec 's population currently supported sovereignty for the province , there was growing concern about the potential negative effects of breaking up the Canadian federation .
bourassa 's attitude coincided with opinion poll evidence which suggested that , while a majority of quebec 's population [now] supported sovereignty for the province , there was growing concern about the potential negative effects of breaking up the canadian federation .

The scope of guerrilla activity meant that an estimated 55 per cent of the population currently lived under a state of emergency covering 44 per cent of national territory .
the scope of guerrilla activity meant that an estimated 55 per cent of the population [now] lived under a state of emergency covering 44 per cent of national territory .

Anticipation of the decision transformed the Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro stock markets from being the world 's worst performers in 1990 to currently the best .
anticipation of the decision transformed the sao paulo and rio de janeiro stock markets from being the world 's worst performers in 1990 to [now] the best .

The Soviet Interior Ministry denied responsibility for the affair , claiming that the Lithuanian Procurator subordinate to Trubin had ordered the search ( there were currently two Lithuanian Procurators , one subordinate to Trubin and the other to the Lithuanian President ) .
the soviet interior ministry denied responsibility for the affair , claiming that the lithuanian procurator subordinate to trubin had ordered the search ( there were [now] two lithuanian procurators , one subordinate to trubin and the other to the lithuanian president ) .

The killings occurred in the Arab quarter of Jerusalem 's Old City at the Haram al-Sharif or Temple Mount , sacred to Jews as the site of the Temple of Solomon , destroyed some 1900 years ago , and also currently accommodating the Dome of the Rock and the Al-Aqsa mosque , both sacred to Islam .
the killings occurred in the arab quarter of jerusalem 's old city at the haram al-sharif or temple mount , sacred to jews as the site of the temple of solomon , destroyed some 1900 years ago , and also [now] accommodating the dome of the rock and the al-aqsa mosque , both sacred to islam .

Labour Minister Erick Thompson Piñeres , resigned on Oct. 30 , stating that his decision reflected " the crisis that currently afflicts President Calderón 's Cabinet , a rift between economic and social groups " .
labour minister erick thompson piñeres , resigned on oct. 30 , stating that his decision reflected " the crisis that [now] afflicts president calderón 's cabinet , a rift between economic and social groups " .

No executions had been carried out since 1984 , and there were currently 287 people in prison waiting for parliament to confirm or commute their death sentences ( mostly handed down in the early 1980s ) .
no executions had been carried out since 1984 , and there were [now] 287 people in prison waiting for parliament to confirm or commute their death sentences ( mostly handed down in the early 1980s ) .

An upsurge in anti-Semitism , attributed in some quarters to the worsening economic situation , was a significant factor behind the emigration of Soviet Jews currently in record numbers .
an upsurge in anti-semitism , attributed in some quarters to the worsening economic situation , was a significant factor behind the emigration of soviet jews [now] in record numbers .

Klaus subsequently declared that he intended to steer Civic Forum , currently a broad-based coalition , to the right .
klaus subsequently declared that he intended to steer civic forum , [now] a broad-based coalition , to the right .

Syria , having given its support to the United States-led anti-Iraq coalition in the Gulf crisis , was currently enjoying the consequent improvement in its image in the West , and it was noticeable that there was hardly any international condemnation of its action in Lebanon .
syria , having given its support to the united states-led anti-iraq coalition in the gulf crisis , was [now] enjoying the consequent improvement in its image in the west , and it was noticeable that there was hardly any international condemnation of its action in lebanon .

On Oct. 14 Egypt 's state-controlled Middle East News Agency reported that of the 90,000 Egyptians currently residing in Jordan , some 70,000 without work permits were to be fined and deported .
on oct. 14 egypt 's state-controlled middle east news agency reported that of the 90,000 egyptians [now] residing in jordan , some 70,000 without work permits were to be fined and deported .

The Soviet President , whose domestic popularity had plummeted to the extent that opinion polls currently gave him only a 19 per cent approval rating , said that the award was a `` recognition of our perestroika `` .
the soviet president , whose domestic popularity had plummeted to the extent that opinion polls [now] gave him only a 19 per cent approval rating , said that the award was a `` recognition of our perestroika `` .

Executive power is vested in the President ( currently Abdou Diouf ) , who is head of state and head of government .
executive power is vested in the president ( [now] abdou diouf ) , who is head of state and head of government .

Executive power is vested in the President ( currently Sir Dawda Kairaba Jawara ) , who is elected by universal suffrage for a five-year term .
executive power is vested in the president ( [now] sir dawda kairaba jawara ) , who is elected by universal suffrage for a five-year term .

The head of state of Jamaica , a fully independent member of the Commonwealth since August 1962 , is the British sovereign , represented by a Governor General ( currently Sir Florizel Glasspole ) .
the head of state of jamaica , a fully independent member of the commonwealth since august 1962 , is the british sovereign , represented by a governor general ( [now] sir florizel glasspole ) .

The head of state of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas , an independent member of the Commonwealth since July 1973 , is the British sovereign , represented by a Governor General ( currently Sir Henry Taylor in an acting capacity ) .
the head of state of the commonwealth of the bahamas , an independent member of the commonwealth since july 1973 , is the british sovereign , represented by a governor general ( [now] sir henry taylor in an acting capacity ) .

The head of state of St Christopher and Nevis , a fully independent member of the Commonwealth since 1983 , is the British sovereign , represented in the islands by a Governor General ( currently Sir Clement Athelstone Arrindell ) .
the head of state of st christopher and nevis , a fully independent member of the commonwealth since 1983 , is the british sovereign , represented in the islands by a governor general ( [now] sir clement athelstone arrindell ) .

The head of state of Antigua and Barbuda , an independent member of the Commonwealth since 1981 , is the United Kingdom sovereign , represented by a Governor-General ( currently Sir Wilfred Ebenezer Jacobs ) who is appointed on the advice of the Antiguan Prime Minister .
the head of state of antigua and barbuda , an independent member of the commonwealth since 1981 , is the united kingdom sovereign , represented by a governor-general ( [now] sir wilfred ebenezer jacobs ) who is appointed on the advice of the antiguan prime minister .

Executive authority is nominally vested in the President ( currently Sir Clarence Augustus Seignoret ) who is elected by the legislature to not more than two five-year terms in office .
executive authority is nominally vested in the president ( [now] sir clarence augustus seignoret ) who is elected by the legislature to not more than two five-year terms in office .

Under the 1976 Constitution the head of state is the President ( currently Noor Mohammed Hassanali , who is elected by a parliamentary electoral college .
under the 1976 constitution the head of state is the president ( [now] noor mohammed hassanali , who is elected by a parliamentary electoral college .

Legislative power is vested in a bicameral Parliament composed of a House of Representatives which is popularly elected for five years and a Senate appointed by the President on the advice of the Prime Minister ( currently Arthur Napoleon Raymond Robinson ) and of the Leader of the Opposition .
legislative power is vested in a bicameral parliament composed of a house of representatives which is popularly elected for five years and a senate appointed by the president on the advice of the prime minister ( [now] arthur napoleon raymond robinson ) and of the leader of the opposition .

The head of state of Grenada , a fully independent member of the Commonwealth since February 1974 , is the British sovereign represented by a Governor General ( currently Sir Paul Scoon ) .
the head of state of grenada , a fully independent member of the commonwealth since february 1974 , is the british sovereign represented by a governor general ( [now] sir paul scoon ) .

The head of state of Barbados , a fully independent member of the Commonwealth since November 1966 , is the British sovereign , represented by a Governor-General ( currently Dame Nita Barrow ) .
the head of state of barbados , a fully independent member of the commonwealth since november 1966 , is the british sovereign , represented by a governor-general ( [now] dame nita barrow ) .

The head of state of St Vincent and the Grenadines , a fully independent member of the Commonwealth since October 1979 , is the British sovereign , represented within the islands by a Governor General ( currently David Jack ) .
the head of state of st vincent and the grenadines , a fully independent member of the commonwealth since october 1979 , is the british sovereign , represented within the islands by a governor general ( [now] david jack ) .

In the Netherlands Antilles the Governor ( currently Jaime Saleh ) , who represents and is appointed by the Crown , has executive power in external affairs .
in the netherlands antilles the governor ( [now] jaime saleh ) , who represents and is appointed by the crown , has executive power in external affairs .

The head of state of Belize , an independent member of the Commonwealth since September 1981 , is the British sovereign , represented by a Governor General ( currently Dame Minita Elvira Gordon ) who is appointed in consultation with the Prime Minister of Belize .
the head of state of belize , an independent member of the commonwealth since september 1981 , is the british sovereign , represented by a governor general ( [now] dame minita elvira gordon ) who is appointed in consultation with the prime minister of belize .

He also claimed that Western imperialism was pressurizing the Soviet Union and China to break off links with Cuba and said that he was surprised by the terrible wave of `` neoliberalism `` currently `` scourging `` the world and especially Latin America .
he also claimed that western imperialism was pressurizing the soviet union and china to break off links with cuba and said that he was surprised by the terrible wave of `` neoliberalism `` [now] `` scourging `` the world and especially latin america .

Both men were currently free on bail .
both men were [now] free on bail .

Tomás Rodríguez were currently under investigation for their part in bribery scandals involving air force contracts .
tomás rodríguez were [now] under investigation for their part in bribery scandals involving air force contracts .

The buildings in question , used for educational or cultural purposes by the churches before their nationalization in 1948 , currently belonged to the state .
the buildings in question , used for educational or cultural purposes by the churches before their nationalization in 1948 , [now] belonged to the state .

André Cools , 63 , currently a Minister of State and mayor of the Flémalle suburb of the city of Liège , was shot dead in a car park in Liège in the early hours of July 18 .
andré cools , 63 , [now] a minister of state and mayor of the flémalle suburb of the city of liège , was shot dead in a car park in liège in the early hours of july 18 .

On July 27 the Housing Ministry approved the construction of 380 new apartments on the Golan Heights , where there were currently some 3,200 apartments housing Jewish settlers .
on july 27 the housing ministry approved the construction of 380 new apartments on the golan heights , where there were [now] some 3,200 apartments housing jewish settlers .

In their statement , the five countries called upon all states in the Middle East to accept international controls on their nuclear activities and to sign the global treaty banning chemical weapons , currently being finalized at the Geneva Conference on Disarmament [ see p. 38217 ] .
in their statement , the five countries called upon all states in the middle east to accept international controls on their nuclear activities and to sign the global treaty banning chemical weapons , [now] being finalized at the geneva conference on disarmament [ see p. 38217 ] .

The time had arrived , Saddam said , to `` begin building the pillars of the new phase `` , despite the difficulties which Iraq was currently experiencing .
the time had arrived , saddam said , to `` begin building the pillars of the new phase `` , despite the difficulties which iraq was [now] experiencing .

The Allaire report proposed that the province should have autonomy in 22 areas currently controlled wholly or partially by the federal government in Ottawa , and that federal government should be responsible only for defence , foreign policy , customs and some fiscal matters .
the allaire report proposed that the province should have autonomy in 22 areas [now] controlled wholly or partially by the federal government in ottawa , and that federal government should be responsible only for defence , foreign policy , customs and some fiscal matters .

Democrats accused Bush of timing the veto to capitalize on the fact that public attention was currently focused on the Clarence Thomas confirmation hearings [ see p. 38510 ] .
democrats accused bush of timing the veto to capitalize on the fact that public attention was [now] focused on the clarence thomas confirmation hearings [ see p. 38510 ] .

There were announcements on Oct. 1 and 2 of impending deep cuts in the size of the Soviet armed forces , currently numbering about 3,500,000 .
there were announcements on oct. 1 and 2 of impending deep cuts in the size of the soviet armed forces , [now] numbering about 3,500,000 .

The Supreme Soviet issued a statement on Oct. 24 , which confirmed the republic 's intention to become nuclear-free , and insisting on the joint control of nuclear weapons currently deployed on its territory .
the supreme soviet issued a statement on oct. 24 , which confirmed the republic 's intention to become nuclear-free , and insisting on the joint control of nuclear weapons [now] deployed on its territory .

There were currently 295 constituencies , as demarcated in 1987 , returning 423 deputies ; legislation passed in April to convert these to 542 single-member constituencies [ see p. 38169 ] had never been implemented .
there were [now] 295 constituencies , as demarcated in 1987 , returning 423 deputies ; legislation passed in april to convert these to 542 single-member constituencies [ see p. 38169 ] had never been implemented .

It was thus forced to participate in elections under the cover of front parties , currently the Socialist Labour Party .
it was thus forced to participate in elections under the cover of front parties , [now] the socialist labour party .

The decision , part of budget cutbacks , replaced a previous plan to leave 1,100 troops in Europe while withdrawing most of the 6,600 currently stationed there .
the decision , part of budget cutbacks , replaced a previous plan to leave 1,100 troops in europe while withdrawing most of the 6,600 [now] stationed there .

There were currently 55,462 Vietnamese `` boat people `` in Hong Kong .
there were [now] 55,462 vietnamese `` boat people `` in hong kong .

Croatia currently had a negative trade balance with Slovenia of 1,400 million Croatian dinars .
croatia [now] had a negative trade balance with slovenia of 1,400 million croatian dinars .

The powers of the president were expected to be redefined in the new constitution currently being drafted and scheduled to be approved in 1991 .
the powers of the president were expected to be redefined in the new constitution [now] being drafted and scheduled to be approved in 1991 .

Announcements were made on Dec. 19 designed to revive the housing market , which was currently severely depressed due largely to persistently high mortgage interest rates ( despite some reduction in the course of 1991 ) and the accompanying spate of repossessions .
announcements were made on dec. 19 designed to revive the housing market , which was [now] severely depressed due largely to persistently high mortgage interest rates ( despite some reduction in the course of 1991 ) and the accompanying spate of repossessions .

The conference , which ended a day earlier than planned , was reportedly marred by disagreements centring on perceptions of the Gulf war and the merits of Middle East peace talks currently in progress [ see pp .
the conference , which ended a day earlier than planned , was reportedly marred by disagreements centring on perceptions of the gulf war and the merits of middle east peace talks [now] in progress [ see pp .

The peace plan , which would allow for republics to declare independence , had been amended to allow for republics to form a common state , the economy of which could be organized on non-market lines ; the article granting autonomy to the ( currently Serbian-controlled ) provinces of Kosovo and Vojvodina was deleted .
the peace plan , which would allow for republics to declare independence , had been amended to allow for republics to form a common state , the economy of which could be organized on non-market lines ; the article granting autonomy to the ( [now] serbian-controlled ) provinces of kosovo and vojvodina was deleted .

On Nov. 15 Wall Street suffered its fifth biggest one-day share crash in history , largely in reaction to a carelessly worded presidential statement two days earlier urging banks to lower interest rates on credit card balances — currently about the only area where they were making profits — and the Senate 's rapid adoption of legislation to that effect on Nov. 14 .
on nov. 15 wall street suffered its fifth biggest one-day share crash in history , largely in reaction to a carelessly worded presidential statement two days earlier urging banks to lower interest rates on credit card balances — [now] about the only area where they were making profits — and the senate 's rapid adoption of legislation to that effect on nov. 14 .

The agricultural reform , on which a constitutional amendment was tabled on Nov. 7 , put an end to the land distribution programme begun after the 1910-20 revolution , allowed private companies to buy agricultural land and form associations with co-operative farmers ( ejidatarios ) , and permitted the farmers , who currently had only the use of their plots , to own and dispose of them as they wished and , with the approval of their co-operative , to form joint ventures with private investors .
the agricultural reform , on which a constitutional amendment was tabled on nov. 7 , put an end to the land distribution programme begun after the 1910-20 revolution , allowed private companies to buy agricultural land and form associations with co-operative farmers ( ejidatarios ) , and permitted the farmers , who [now] had only the use of their plots , to own and dispose of them as they wished and , with the approval of their co-operative , to form joint ventures with private investors .

Currently some 28,000 co-operative farms and 2,600,000 ejidatarios accounted for half of all arable land but contributed only a small percentage of gross national income , and much of the country 's food was imported .
[now] some 28,000 co-operative farms and 2,600,000 ejidatarios accounted for half of all arable land but contributed only a small percentage of gross national income , and much of the country 's food was imported .

The Privatization Committee processed offers from the private sector for over 100 currently state-owned industrial companies .
the privatization committee processed offers from the private sector for over 100 [now] state-owned industrial companies .

Under the basic criteria for the restoration of Latvian citizenship and naturalization , approved by the Supreme Council by 93 votes to 30 with seven abstentions , citizenship would be granted automatically to anyone who had held Latvian citizenship before 1940 ( the start of Soviet occupation ) , and to their descendants , even if they were not currently resident in Latvia .
under the basic criteria for the restoration of latvian citizenship and naturalization , approved by the supreme council by 93 votes to 30 with seven abstentions , citizenship would be granted automatically to anyone who had held latvian citizenship before 1940 ( the start of soviet occupation ) , and to their descendants , even if they were not [now] resident in latvia .

The deposits , whose discovery was announced by Command Petroleum on April 2 , 1991 , were believed to be situated close to the proposed route of a 260-km pipeline currently under construction to transport Kutubu oil to the Gulf of Papua .
the deposits , whose discovery was announced by command petroleum on april 2 , 1991 , were believed to be situated close to the proposed route of a 260-km pipeline [now] under construction to transport kutubu oil to the gulf of papua .

He was also expected to face separate criminal charges currently being drawn up by the Attorney General , Aristides Junqueira .
he was also expected to face separate criminal charges [now] being drawn up by the attorney general , aristides junqueira .

The month-on-month inflation rate was currently over 20 per cent .
the month-on-month inflation rate was [now] over 20 per cent .

The creation of a new post of Minister of State for Defence Issues , higher in rank than that of Minister of Defence ( currently held by Vazgen Sargsyan ) , was reported on Sept. 13 .
the creation of a new post of minister of state for defence issues , higher in rank than that of minister of defence ( [now] held by vazgen sargsyan ) , was reported on sept. 13 .

González Rojas , currently enjoying national hero status , was represented by some commentators as an isolated figure , whereas others saw him as acting effectively on behalf of Gen. Lino Oviedo , who was generally recognized as the country 's `` strong man `` .
gonzález rojas , [now] enjoying national hero status , was represented by some commentators as an isolated figure , whereas others saw him as acting effectively on behalf of gen. lino oviedo , who was generally recognized as the country 's `` strong man `` .

Oviedo was currently commander of the Army 's first corps , the position held by Rodríguez when he staged his successful February 1989 coup overthrowing Gen. Alfredo Stroessner [ see p. 36458 ] .
oviedo was [now] commander of the army 's first corps , the position held by rodríguez when he staged his successful february 1989 coup overthrowing gen. alfredo stroessner [ see p. 36458 ] .

Collor was currently facing an impeachment trial before the Senate [ for background see pp .
collor was [now] facing an impeachment trial before the senate [ for background see pp .

Radio Australia reported on Nov. 12 that a director of China 's Public Security Bureau had informed a visiting Australian human rights delegation that there were 4,000 prisoners currently in prison in China for crimes of subversion and counter-revolution .
radio australia reported on nov. 12 that a director of china 's public security bureau had informed a visiting australian human rights delegation that there were 4,000 prisoners [now] in prison in china for crimes of subversion and counter-revolution .

He refused to answer questions , however , on the grounds that they were related to the criminal charges upon which he was currently facing trial .
he refused to answer questions , however , on the grounds that they were related to the criminal charges upon which he was [now] facing trial .

The government plan 's provisions , said Gaidar , coincided with some suggestions made in the many alternative economic reform programmes currently in circulation , including that of Civic Union .
the government plan 's provisions , said gaidar , coincided with some suggestions made in the many alternative economic reform programmes [now] in circulation , including that of civic union .

There were currently 50,000 refugees from former Yugoslavia in Austria .
there were [now] 50,000 refugees from former yugoslavia in austria .

Vítor Saúde María , who had been Prime Minister from May 1982 until his arrest in March 1984 on conspiracy charges [ see p. 32899 ] , and who was currently mayor of the capital , Bissau , was granted political asylum in Portugal on Nov. 2 while on an official mission .
vítor saúde maría , who had been prime minister from may 1982 until his arrest in march 1984 on conspiracy charges [ see p. 32899 ] , and who was [now] mayor of the capital , bissau , was granted political asylum in portugal on nov. 2 while on an official mission .

Haughey on Nov. 13 appointed John Wilson , currently Minister for the Marine , additionally as Deputy Prime Minister , while Haughey himself temporarily retained the Defence portfolio .
haughey on nov. 13 appointed john wilson , [now] minister for the marine , additionally as deputy prime minister , while haughey himself temporarily retained the defence portfolio .

The head of state is the British sovereign , represented by a Governor General ( currently Bill Hayden ) .
the head of state is the british sovereign , represented by a governor general ( [now] bill hayden ) .

The head of state is the British sovereign , represented by a Governor General ( currently Dame Cath Tizard , who succeeded Sir Paul Reeves on Nov. 20 , 1990 ) .
the head of state is the british sovereign , represented by a governor general ( [now] dame cath tizard , who succeeded sir paul reeves on nov. 20 , 1990 ) .

Executive power rests effectively with the Prime Minister ( currently Jim Bolger ) and the Cabinet , who are responsible to the legislature and are appointed by the Governor General acting on its advice .
executive power rests effectively with the prime minister ( [now] jim bolger ) and the cabinet , who are responsible to the legislature and are appointed by the governor general acting on its advice .

The head of state of the Solomon Islands , an independent member of the Commonwealth since July 1978 , is the British sovereign represented by a Governor General ( currently Sir George Lepping ) .
the head of state of the solomon islands , an independent member of the commonwealth since july 1978 , is the british sovereign represented by a governor general ( [now] sir george lepping ) .

The President ( currently Fred Timakata ) , who is the republic 's head of state , is elected for five years by an electoral college which is composed of the Parliament and the presidents of the Regional Councils ( local government bodies to which a considerable degree of power is constitutionally devolved ) .
the president ( [now] fred timakata ) , who is the republic 's head of state , is elected for five years by an electoral college which is composed of the parliament and the presidents of the regional councils ( local government bodies to which a considerable degree of power is constitutionally devolved ) .

As an independent `` special member `` of the Commonwealth since October 1978 , the head of state of Tuvalu is the British sovereign , represented by a Governor General ( currently Toalipi Lati .
as an independent `` special member `` of the commonwealth since october 1978 , the head of state of tuvalu is the british sovereign , represented by a governor general ( [now] toalipi lati .

Madeleine Albright , 55 , currently teaching at Georgetown University , was a political scientist specializing in the former Soviet Union and eastern Europe .
madeleine albright , 55 , [now] teaching at georgetown university , was a political scientist specializing in the former soviet union and eastern europe .

On Dec. 18 the Georgian parliament issued a statement suspending the second round of Russian-Georgian talks on bilateral relations currently under way in Moscow and recalling Georgia 's delegation .
on dec. 18 the georgian parliament issued a statement suspending the second round of russian-georgian talks on bilateral relations [now] under way in moscow and recalling georgia 's delegation .

On the size of the European Parliament , member states were from 1994 to be allocated seats as follows : Belgium 25 ( currently 24 ) ; Denmark 16 ( 16 ) ; France 87 ( 81 ) ; Germany 99 ( 81 ) ; Greece 25 ( 24 ) ; Ireland 15 ( 15 ) ; Italy 87 ( 81 ) ; Luxembourg 6 ( 6 ) ; Netherlands 31 ( 25 ) ; Portugal 25 ( 24 ) ; Spain 64 ( 60 ) ; United Kingdom 87 ( 81 ) , representing a total of 567 seats ( 518 previously ) .
on the size of the european parliament , member states were from 1994 to be allocated seats as follows : belgium 25 ( [now] 24 ) ; denmark 16 ( 16 ) ; france 87 ( 81 ) ; germany 99 ( 81 ) ; greece 25 ( 24 ) ; ireland 15 ( 15 ) ; italy 87 ( 81 ) ; luxembourg 6 ( 6 ) ; netherlands 31 ( 25 ) ; portugal 25 ( 24 ) ; spain 64 ( 60 ) ; united kingdom 87 ( 81 ) , representing a total of 567 seats ( 518 previously ) .

More embarrassing still for the Republican Party was the admission on March 17 that three former members of the House who were currently in Bush 's Cabinet — Defence Secretary Dick Cheney , Labour Secretary Lynn Martin , and Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan — had also written uncovered cheques during the 39-month period ( July 1988-October 1991 ) covered by the investigation .
more embarrassing still for the republican party was the admission on march 17 that three former members of the house who were [now] in bush 's cabinet — defence secretary dick cheney , labour secretary lynn martin , and agriculture secretary edward madigan — had also written uncovered cheques during the 39-month period ( july 1988-october 1991 ) covered by the investigation .

Nearly twice that number of former Soviet troops were currently stationed on its territory .
nearly twice that number of former soviet troops were [now] stationed on its territory .

The sanctions anticipated for April 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from Libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft components from Libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the Libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in Libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of Libyan Arab Airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of Libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .
the sanctions anticipated for april 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft components from libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers [now] advising the libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of libyan arab airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .

Ron George , the leader of the Native Council of Canada , accused those who rejected the agreement as having `` perpetuated apartheid in this country `` and predicted that there would be increased violence among the indigenous peoples , who currently constituted around 5 per cent of Canada 's total population .
ron george , the leader of the native council of canada , accused those who rejected the agreement as having `` perpetuated apartheid in this country `` and predicted that there would be increased violence among the indigenous peoples , who [now] constituted around 5 per cent of canada 's total population .

Rodríguez , the main architect of Pérez 's highly unpopular economic austerity programme , had reportedly stepped down to ease pressure on the currently beleaguered government .
rodríguez , the main architect of pérez 's highly unpopular economic austerity programme , had reportedly stepped down to ease pressure on the [now] beleaguered government .

Three ministers dismissed in a Cabinet reshuffle in January were currently under police investigation , including former Labour Minister Antônio Rogério Magri [ see p. 38720 ] .
three ministers dismissed in a cabinet reshuffle in january were [now] under police investigation , including former labour minister antônio rogério magri [ see p. 38720 ] .

( Currently students gaining a baccalauréat were guaranteed a university place ; however , 50 per cent of students dropped out in the first two years . )
( [now] students gaining a baccalauréat were guaranteed a university place ; however , 50 per cent of students dropped out in the first two years . )

The Central Asian republics ( bar Tajikistan ) spoke Turkish , but currently wrote in the Cyrillic alphabet .
the central asian republics ( bar tajikistan ) spoke turkish , but [now] wrote in the cyrillic alphabet .

On April 4 , Yeltsin announced the appointment of two deputy Defence Ministers to the newly-formed Russian Defence Ministry , currently headed by himself .
on april 4 , yeltsin announced the appointment of two deputy defence ministers to the newly-formed russian defence ministry , [now] headed by himself .

Export permits currently in force were to be withdrawn .
export permits [now] in force were to be withdrawn .

The legislature is the 40-member National Assembly , of whom 34 are directly elected for a five-year term ( with four specially elected members and two ex officio ) ; 31 of the directly elected seats are currently held by the ruling Botswana Democratic Party and three by the Botswana National Front .
the legislature is the 40-member national assembly , of whom 34 are directly elected for a five-year term ( with four specially elected members and two ex officio ) ; 31 of the directly elected seats are [now] held by the ruling botswana democratic party and three by the botswana national front .

The database currently holds approximately 1,000 records .
the database [now] holds approximately 1,000 records .

As currently employed , the tests for adverse possession — actual and intended exclusive occupation of land — are an adequate litmus test to distinguish between the trespasser and the adverse possessor despite the pressures on the law from homelessness .
as [now] employed , the tests for adverse possession — actual and intended exclusive occupation of land — are an adequate litmus test to distinguish between the trespasser and the adverse possessor despite the pressures on the law from homelessness .

54 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) to `` intending to cause serious personal harm and being aware that he may cause death `` , manslaughter is extended into part of the area currently covered by murder .
54 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) to `` intending to cause serious personal harm and being aware that he may cause death `` , manslaughter is extended into part of the area [now] covered by murder .

Currently in Japan , any hotel that still uses bells to warn its patrons of fire is considered decidedly out of date .
[now] in japan , any hotel that still uses bells to warn its patrons of fire is considered decidedly out of date .

a former chef but currently consultant to Merrychef Ltd , looks at the development of the commercial microwave and the microwave combination oven , highlighting their advantages in terms of speed and food quality .
a former chef but [now] consultant to merrychef ltd , looks at the development of the commercial microwave and the microwave combination oven , highlighting their advantages in terms of speed and food quality .

The specifications include a number of new modules which we are currently developing .
the specifications include a number of new modules which we are [now] developing .

The design of each of the new qualifications is currently being subjected to intensive scrutiny and consultation .
the design of each of the new qualifications is [now] being subjected to intensive scrutiny and consultation .

The shape of the new general SVQs in information technology is currently being widely discussed , and a one-day seminar was held recently to consider their design .
the shape of the new general svqs in information technology is [now] being widely discussed , and a one-day seminar was held recently to consider their design .

The final area currently being developed — arts and social sciences — was , of course , one of the vocational areas highlighted in the report of the Howie Committee earlier this year .
the final area [now] being developed — arts and social sciences — was , of course , one of the vocational areas highlighted in the report of the howie committee earlier this year .

Our programme of seminars continues , with recent events designed for centres currently piloting the first batch of general SVQs , and those interested in joining the pilot next session .
our programme of seminars continues , with recent events designed for centres [now] piloting the first batch of general svqs , and those interested in joining the pilot next session .

It is currently fashionable to talk of `` competition policy `` where one formerly talked of `` monopoly `` or `` anti-monopoly policy `` .
it is [now] fashionable to talk of `` competition policy `` where one formerly talked of `` monopoly `` or `` anti-monopoly policy `` .

The charts entitled ‘ One-way channels ’ and ‘ Two-way channels show where people say they currently get their information ; the ‘ Supervisors and Grapevines ’ chart compares your department results regarding these two channels with results from a few other departments .
the charts entitled ‘ one-way channels ’ and ‘ two-way channels show where people say they [now] get their information ; the ‘ supervisors and grapevines ’ chart compares your department results regarding these two channels with results from a few other departments .

The alleged advantage of incorporation is that tax on profits retained within the business can be paid at Corporation Tax rates , 25% in the case of the Small Companies Rate or 33% main rate , rather than Income Tax at the individual 's marginal rate , currently 25% or 40% .
the alleged advantage of incorporation is that tax on profits retained within the business can be paid at corporation tax rates , 25% in the case of the small companies rate or 33% main rate , rather than income tax at the individual 's marginal rate , [now] 25% or 40% .

Thus , the maximum saving is 15% in respect of the portion of income over and above the aggregate of the 25% rate band ( currently £23,700 ) and allowance ( personal allowance , married couples allowance ) and interest charges and personal pension payments .
thus , the maximum saving is 15% in respect of the portion of income over and above the aggregate of the 25% rate band ( [now] £23,700 ) and allowance ( personal allowance , married couples allowance ) and interest charges and personal pension payments .

The Commission does not expect any dramatic changes in this pattern , except for an increase in the currently low activity rates of women accompanying migrant male workers .
the commission does not expect any dramatic changes in this pattern , except for an increase in the [now] low activity rates of women accompanying migrant male workers .

Entry is currently open to male applicants only .
entry is [now] open to male applicants only .

You then have to call an agency in order to obtain emergency relief , and they not only provide you with a temporary chef , but promise to send you details of all their head chefs currently seeking employment .
you then have to call an agency in order to obtain emergency relief , and they not only provide you with a temporary chef , but promise to send you details of all their head chefs [now] seeking employment .

This year we need to show a 5 % increase but are currently 200 down on last year .
this year we need to show a 5 % increase but are [now] 200 down on last year .

" He 's the son of a very good business friend of ours , who 's sent him to school at Sales Abbey , that 's with the Benedictines , and he 's currently returning home , he has permission to leave school early this term for some reason and return home . "
" he 's the son of a very good business friend of ours , who 's sent him to school at sales abbey , that 's with the benedictines , and he 's [now] returning home , he has permission to leave school early this term for some reason and return home . "

Introduced to Louisiana by immigrants , Cajun cooking has its roots in southern France and is currently enjoying a revival .
introduced to louisiana by immigrants , cajun cooking has its roots in southern france and is [now] enjoying a revival .

When first envisaged , then , the lectures were not seen as the core of a forthcoming book , even though ( with their Wagnerian connection ) they bore on his current preoccupation — and even though he was currently casting around for a subject for a book .
when first envisaged , then , the lectures were not seen as the core of a forthcoming book , even though ( with their wagnerian connection ) they bore on his current preoccupation — and even though he was [now] casting around for a subject for a book .

On this basis , the proportion infecund among currently married women aged 20–24 years was 3.1 per cent .
on this basis , the proportion infecund among [now] married women aged 20–24 years was 3.1 per cent .

Currently we are experimenting with the use of windows to provide context-sensitive advice , search history information and act as `` dialogue windows . ``
[now] we are experimenting with the use of windows to provide context-sensitive advice , search history information and act as `` dialogue windows . ``

The system must be able to form some picture ( `` model `` is the currently fashionable word ) of the user 's needs , competence and experience .
the system must be able to form some picture ( `` model `` is the [now] fashionable word ) of the user 's needs , competence and experience .

We 've looked at the travel cots currently in the shops , from baby-sized cots to full-sized cots-cum-playpens , and tested them for portability , sturdiness when under attack from energetic toddler , and over all quality and value for money .
we 've looked at the travel cots [now] in the shops , from baby-sized cots to full-sized cots-cum-playpens , and tested them for portability , sturdiness when under attack from energetic toddler , and over all quality and value for money .

In general this is the sort of forecast that is currently being made about Western industry .
in general this is the sort of forecast that is [now] being made about western industry .

As you may be aware the Inland Revenue is currently looking into the tax affairs of the Catholic Clergy in Scotland .
as you may be aware the inland revenue is [now] looking into the tax affairs of the catholic clergy in scotland .

Currently , approximately 50 % of all patients undergoing a sphincterotomy for bile duct stones have their gall bladder in situ , and of these 6–20 % subsequently require a cholecystectomy for biliary pain or cholecystitis during a follow up of one to six years [ 2.11 ] .
[now] , approximately 50 % of all patients undergoing a sphincterotomy for bile duct stones have their gall bladder in situ , and of these 6–20 % subsequently require a cholecystectomy for biliary pain or cholecystitis during a follow up of one to six years [ 2.11 ] .

The use of cultured osteoblasts to enhance bone graft function and hepatocyte transplantation in acute hepatic failure are currently being evaluated .
the use of cultured osteoblasts to enhance bone graft function and hepatocyte transplantation in acute hepatic failure are [now] being evaluated .

In the future , the emphasis on studies of recurrence should , perhaps , be directed not at subjects who develop recurrent stones but at the significant percentage of patients who do not and who , given the best currently available information , may never do so .
in the future , the emphasis on studies of recurrence should , perhaps , be directed not at subjects who develop recurrent stones but at the significant percentage of patients who do not and who , given the best [now] available information , may never do so .

Several distinct pathogenetic mechanisms are currently considered to play a role in the hepatotoxicity of alcohol , with investigators disagreeing as to their relative importance .
several distinct pathogenetic mechanisms are [now] considered to play a role in the hepatotoxicity of alcohol , with investigators disagreeing as to their relative importance .

The fee for this additional service has been currently fixed at £25 and will be payable by the tutor at the time of application .
the fee for this additional service has been [now] fixed at £25 and will be payable by the tutor at the time of application .

Changes in bile acid metabolism after resotrative proctocolectomy is currently being investigated and the results are awaited with interest .
changes in bile acid metabolism after resotrative proctocolectomy is [now] being investigated and the results are awaited with interest .

‘ Dieulafoy 's vascular malformation ’ is the currently accepted term .
‘ dieulafoy 's vascular malformation ’ is the [now] accepted term .

Patients were excluded if they had a systemic illness requiring treatment or were currently being treated with antiulcer agents .
patients were excluded if they had a systemic illness requiring treatment or were [now] being treated with antiulcer agents .

Virtually all of those currently available have been reported to cause liver damage which can range from minor transient abnormalities in liver function tests to fulminant hepatic necrosis .
virtually all of those [now] available have been reported to cause liver damage which can range from minor transient abnormalities in liver function tests to fulminant hepatic necrosis .

Little information is currently available on the role of interleukin 1 and tumour necrosis factor in inflammatory bowel disease .
little information is [now] available on the role of interleukin 1 and tumour necrosis factor in inflammatory bowel disease .

All the patients with high pitted cell counts were currently drinking and none of the eight reformed drinkers ( five with biopsy proven cirrhosis ) had abnormal counts .
all the patients with high pitted cell counts were [now] drinking and none of the eight reformed drinkers ( five with biopsy proven cirrhosis ) had abnormal counts .

Currently recognised forms of gluten sensitive enteropathy
[now] recognised forms of gluten sensitive enteropathy

In France , the launch of Glen Ord has put United Distillers in an improved position to benefit from a market which is currently growing at around 8 per cent per annum .
in france , the launch of glen ord has put united distillers in an improved position to benefit from a market which is [now] growing at around 8 per cent per annum .

The Spanish low alcohol beer sector is currently growing at 5 per cent per annum and is clearly a key market for Guinness Brewing Worldwide .
the spanish low alcohol beer sector is [now] growing at 5 per cent per annum and is clearly a key market for guinness brewing worldwide .

The Board currently comprises four executive Directors ( six from 1 April 1993 ) and six non-executive Directors ( of whom one is an executive of a related company ) , and is responsible to shareholders for the proper management of the Group .
the board [now] comprises four executive directors ( six from 1 april 1993 ) and six non-executive directors ( of whom one is an executive of a related company ) , and is responsible to shareholders for the proper management of the group .

The Audit Committee currently comprises four non-executive Directors .
the audit committee [now] comprises four non-executive directors .

The acquisition of Aberdeen-based Marioff Engineering Services ( renamed Wood-Way Hydraulic Services ) provides us with significant hydraulics capability and the acquisition of 65 % of Thistle Engineering , also in Aberdeen , gives us important dimensional control technology which will help to reduce the amount of welding work which is currently carried out offshore .
the acquisition of aberdeen-based marioff engineering services ( renamed wood-way hydraulic services ) provides us with significant hydraulics capability and the acquisition of 65 % of thistle engineering , also in aberdeen , gives us important dimensional control technology which will help to reduce the amount of welding work which is [now] carried out offshore .

is currently servicing the committee on a part time basis .
is [now] servicing the committee on a part time basis .

The facility is currently being actively promoted both within the Bar and locally with potential professional clients .
the facility is [now] being actively promoted both within the bar and locally with potential professional clients .

Currently there are 110 members of the Council for a practising profession of 7,271 , and there are 5 committees with over 25 members !
[now] there are 110 members of the council for a practising profession of 7,271 , and there are 5 committees with over 25 members !

The Equality Code of Practice is currently being produced in consultation with a wide range of practitioners .
the equality code of practice is [now] being produced in consultation with a wide range of practitioners .

Currently a study of the workings of the committee is being conducted by the Chief Executive .
[now] a study of the workings of the committee is being conducted by the chief executive .

The risk-free rate is currently 10 per cent and the expected market rate of return is 15 per cent and neither is expected to change over the 5-year investment period .
the risk-free rate is [now] 10 per cent and the expected market rate of return is 15 per cent and neither is expected to change over the 5-year investment period .

If the bond is currently trading below par , its operative life is likely to be the number of years to maturity .
if the bond is [now] trading below par , its operative life is likely to be the number of years to maturity .

Only shareholders liable to the higher rate of personal tax ( currently 40 per cent ) have to pay any more tax on their dividends .
only shareholders liable to the higher rate of personal tax ( [now] 40 per cent ) have to pay any more tax on their dividends .

The aim is to put all employees on standard five-day-week contracts , compared with the mixture of four-day weeks , nine-day fortnights and five-day weeks which staff currently work .
the aim is to put all employees on standard five-day-week contracts , compared with the mixture of four-day weeks , nine-day fortnights and five-day weeks which staff [now] work .

There is also an art collection , currently being valued by art auctioneers Christie 's , with a reported value of between £450,000 and £1.5m .
there is also an art collection , [now] being valued by art auctioneers christie 's , with a reported value of between £450,000 and £1.5m .

It is not yet known , however , who will end up paying for the Juno project , currently being supported by the London-based Moscow Narodny Bank .
it is not yet known , however , who will end up paying for the juno project , [now] being supported by the london-based moscow narodny bank .

It was currently financing its deficit by selling off $ 150bn worth of assets a year to other countries and by borrowing money from Japan and Europe .
it was [now] financing its deficit by selling off $ 150bn worth of assets a year to other countries and by borrowing money from japan and europe .

The eventual settlement will form a target for other workers and the Government will be anxious that the traditionally independent company will keep the award nearer the inflation rate , currently 7.3 per cent .
the eventual settlement will form a target for other workers and the government will be anxious that the traditionally independent company will keep the award nearer the inflation rate , [now] 7.3 per cent .

Most of the literary superstars have already been snapped up : Alec McCowen 's done Kipling , Emlyn Williams Dickens , Michael Pennington Chekhov , Robbie Coltrane Dr Johnson and currently in the West End Leo McKern is playing Boswell .
most of the literary superstars have already been snapped up : alec mccowen 's done kipling , emlyn williams dickens , michael pennington chekhov , robbie coltrane dr johnson and [now] in the west end leo mckern is playing boswell .

At Barclays de Zoete Wedd , whose report on the sector is due out this week , analyst Jane Anscombe points out that there are currently some worries on the advertising revenue front , and that some television people have seen a bit of pressure .
at barclays de zoete wedd , whose report on the sector is due out this week , analyst jane anscombe points out that there are [now] some worries on the advertising revenue front , and that some television people have seen a bit of pressure .

But because currently larger stations effectively subsidise the transmission costs of smaller ones , the big stations will benefit most .
but because [now] larger stations effectively subsidise the transmission costs of smaller ones , the big stations will benefit most .

However , it would also deprive the company of a welcome capital injection and would leave Jaguar shareholders facing a much lower share price than they currently enjoy .
however , it would also deprive the company of a welcome capital injection and would leave jaguar shareholders facing a much lower share price than they [now] enjoy .

Eagle currently has no finance director , and a person to fill this position is being actively sought .
eagle [now] has no finance director , and a person to fill this position is being actively sought .

It currently has assets of less than £2m and in the year to last March made a pre-tax loss of £716,000 .
it [now] has assets of less than £2m and in the year to last march made a pre-tax loss of £716,000 .

Although the Oslo Bourse has paused for a moment to digest the DnC/Bergen news the market has been hugely active and is currently one of the best performers in the world .
although the oslo bourse has paused for a moment to digest the dnc/bergen news the market has been hugely active and is [now] one of the best performers in the world .

This was a topical point as Faldo is currently ‘ up in the air ’ on whether he will play in the American Nabisco Grand Prix or the last European event , the Volvo Masters .
this was a topical point as faldo is [now] ‘ up in the air ’ on whether he will play in the american nabisco grand prix or the last european event , the volvo masters .

Achieve that — and it is achievable , though my own car , currently without an engine , is not yet there — and the Stag 's attractions are nothing short of seductive .
achieve that — and it is achievable , though my own car , [now] without an engine , is not yet there — and the stag 's attractions are nothing short of seductive .

The established artist who is currently rising most rapidly in price is Hockney .
the established artist who is [now] rising most rapidly in price is hockney .

Currently she was Gertrude to Charsky 's Claudius .
[now] she was gertrude to charsky 's claudius .

Often this is to do with the fact that the current bereavement has driven the person into emotional overload because of everything else that is happening in their life either currently or over a period of time .
often this is to do with the fact that the current bereavement has driven the person into emotional overload because of everything else that is happening in their life either [now] or over a period of time .

The lengthy section in the same report on the persecution of the Jews in Germany began by stating that what was currently taking place was the ‘ irresistible extermination of a minority ’ , comparable to the genocide against the Armenians by the Turks during the First World War but carried out in Germany against the Jews ‘ more slowly and in more planned fashion ’ , adding accurately that ‘ in reality a lawless situation has long prevailed , through which every act of force against the Jewish minority is sanctioned ’ .
the lengthy section in the same report on the persecution of the jews in germany began by stating that what was [now] taking place was the ‘ irresistible extermination of a minority ’ , comparable to the genocide against the armenians by the turks during the first world war but carried out in germany against the jews ‘ more slowly and in more planned fashion ’ , adding accurately that ‘ in reality a lawless situation has long prevailed , through which every act of force against the jewish minority is sanctioned ’ .

‘ Currently she 's got a lot of our designs in her wardrobe and the last time she was in Australia we had dinner together . ’
‘ [now] she 's got a lot of our designs in her wardrobe and the last time she was in australia we had dinner together . ’

’ The article claimed Kylie currently collects $ 1 for every $ 17 she earns .
’ the article claimed kylie [now] collects $ 1 for every $ 17 she earns .

Massive peacekeeping and refugee operations in Cambodia , Yugoslavia and the Horn of Africa are also draining funds currently used to diffuse frustration among the 52,000 boat people in camps .
massive peacekeeping and refugee operations in cambodia , yugoslavia and the horn of africa are also draining funds [now] used to diffuse frustration among the 52,000 boat people in camps .

The assignment of 24 Field Ambulance , part of 24 Airmobile Brigade 's key Rapid Reaction Force , is currently for only 12 months .
the assignment of 24 field ambulance , part of 24 airmobile brigade 's key rapid reaction force , is [now] for only 12 months .

Nevertheless , he is currently working with his mother on outlines for two documentaries , one on the psychology of dance and another on the pre-Christian origins of Christmas .
nevertheless , he is [now] working with his mother on outlines for two documentaries , one on the psychology of dance and another on the pre-christian origins of christmas .

That extra purchase price , and the cost of the more frequent oil-change services a diesel car requires , have to be balanced against the savings in fuel likely to be made — currently around 195p per gallon .
that extra purchase price , and the cost of the more frequent oil-change services a diesel car requires , have to be balanced against the savings in fuel likely to be made — [now] around 195p per gallon .

Edinburgh-based brewer Scottish & Newcastle switched its fleet of cars , currently numbering around 1,500 , to diesel some 10 years ago .
edinburgh-based brewer scottish & newcastle switched its fleet of cars , [now] numbering around 1,500 , to diesel some 10 years ago .

Other well-known names currently in Gilroy 's order book include Caterpillar rival Komatsu , and German forklift truck maker Linde .
other well-known names [now] in gilroy 's order book include caterpillar rival komatsu , and german forklift truck maker linde .

He believes that an increasing number of vehicle and equipment makers who currently build their own engines will be forced to buy at least some of what they need from independents like Perkins .
he believes that an increasing number of vehicle and equipment makers who [now] build their own engines will be forced to buy at least some of what they need from independents like perkins .

Legal and General Insurance transport and equipment manager Peter Fenton runs a 1,500-strong user-chooser fleet ; around 12–15 per cent of drivers are currently opting for diesel .
legal and general insurance transport and equipment manager peter fenton runs a 1,500-strong user-chooser fleet ; around 12–15 per cent of drivers are [now] opting for diesel .

‘ We are currently evaluating it .
‘ we are [now] evaluating it .

The Stars are currently racing at Palma while the 470s , Tornados and Flying Dutchmen continue their programmes at Cadiz where the 470 World Championship is the next major event to be held .
the stars are [now] racing at palma while the 470s , tornados and flying dutchmen continue their programmes at cadiz where the 470 world championship is the next major event to be held .

Their frozen wares are currently shipped from America .
their frozen wares are [now] shipped from america .

Rob Rickey , an American architect currently working in Britain , agrees .
rob rickey , an american architect [now] working in britain , agrees .

The offer could save schools up to £1,500 a year in exam fees , which currently cost about £15 per entry .
the offer could save schools up to £1,500 a year in exam fees , which [now] cost about £15 per entry .

Although the property is currently for sale and is open to viewing by prospective home-owners , these days the front window of the top flat at 23 Cranley Gardens , Muswell Hill , north London , stays firmly and permanently closed .
although the property is [now] for sale and is open to viewing by prospective home-owners , these days the front window of the top flat at 23 cranley gardens , muswell hill , north london , stays firmly and permanently closed .

The British Nationality Act 1981 , which currently governs this topic , is based upon the aim , seen in many other countries , of making a person 's nationality or citizenship accord with the country with which he is most really connected .
the british nationality act 1981 , which [now] governs this topic , is based upon the aim , seen in many other countries , of making a person 's nationality or citizenship accord with the country with which he is most really connected .

The baleen whales include most of the larger species known as the Great Whales , but represent only 11 of the 77 cetacean species currently recognised .
the baleen whales include most of the larger species known as the great whales , but represent only 11 of the 77 cetacean species [now] recognised .

There are no population estimates , but the tucuxi is currently listed as highly endangered .
there are no population estimates , but the tucuxi is [now] listed as highly endangered .

It will reveal the limitations to the interpretation a player can give , say , Bartok 's ‘ Mikrokosmos ’ without the long hours of practice and thought which are currently necessary for the mastery of both the piano and the music itself .
it will reveal the limitations to the interpretation a player can give , say , bartok 's ‘ mikrokosmos ’ without the long hours of practice and thought which are [now] necessary for the mastery of both the piano and the music itself .

Despite its international image , FoE International 's secretariat — currently in London — consists of one person .
despite its international image , foe international 's secretariat — [now] in london — consists of one person .

The ban is one of four draft rules the bar is currently looking at .
the ban is one of four draft rules the bar is [now] looking at .

Many Germans seem to have convinced themselves that by ‘ taking Gorbachev at his word ’ ( to borrow a phrase of the currently almost speechless Hans-Dietrich Genscher , the foreign minister ) , they could ensure that things went well in the Soviet Union ; and that Saddam Hussein could be shifted without war .
many germans seem to have convinced themselves that by ‘ taking gorbachev at his word ’ ( to borrow a phrase of the [now] almost speechless hans-dietrich genscher , the foreign minister ) , they could ensure that things went well in the soviet union ; and that saddam hussein could be shifted without war .

The Japanese reckon that there are currently 275,000 robots operating in Japan .
the japanese reckon that there are [now] 275,000 robots operating in japan .

And though Security Pacific says its talks with Wells Fargo were discontinued and that ‘ no further talks are currently under way or contemplated , ’ most bank analysts like to believe that they will be picked up again at some point — unless the banks find other partners first .
and though security pacific says its talks with wells fargo were discontinued and that ‘ no further talks are [now] under way or contemplated , ’ most bank analysts like to believe that they will be picked up again at some point — unless the banks find other partners first .

Interest rates on D-mark deposits are currently almost two percentage points higher than those on dollar deposits , despite Germany 's much lower inflation .
interest rates on d-mark deposits are [now] almost two percentage points higher than those on dollar deposits , despite germany 's much lower inflation .

According to John Pike , an analyst with the Federation of American Scientists , there are six optical-reconnaissance satellites in the ‘ Keyhole ’ series currently thought to be in orbit .
according to john pike , an analyst with the federation of american scientists , there are six optical-reconnaissance satellites in the ‘ keyhole ’ series [now] thought to be in orbit .

The Secretary of State is accountable to Parliament for that enormous budget — currently running at over £30 billion a year — and must remain so .
the secretary of state is accountable to parliament for that enormous budget — [now] running at over £30 billion a year — and must remain so .

Mr Overbye does not accept that theories currently in vogue are necessarily true .
mr overbye does not accept that theories [now] in vogue are necessarily true .

In our defence we would say that the state 's water supplies are still only around half of what is normal at this time of year , and that many Californians , currently refilling their swimming pools and reflooding their orange groves , may live to regret it .
in our defence we would say that the state 's water supplies are still only around half of what is normal at this time of year , and that many californians , [now] refilling their swimming pools and reflooding their orange groves , may live to regret it .

Europe currently produces three-quarters of its electric power from nuclear and coal-fired power plants .
europe [now] produces three-quarters of its electric power from nuclear and coal-fired power plants .

Despite lots of talk about cutting costs , each of the top studios currently has at least one money-losing blockbuster on its books .
despite lots of talk about cutting costs , each of the top studios [now] has at least one money-losing blockbuster on its books .

All are currently co-owners of a mysterious consulting firm called Pol-Nippon , a Polish-Japanese joint venture that , among other things , is bidding to build a refinery and port near Gdansk .
all are [now] co-owners of a mysterious consulting firm called pol-nippon , a polish-japanese joint venture that , among other things , is bidding to build a refinery and port near gdansk .

Salomon reckons that last year $ 2.3 billion-worth of junk bonds were re-packaged as collateralised bond obligations ( CBOs ) , and that currently up to $ 1 billion-worth are being touted to investors .
salomon reckons that last year $ 2.3 billion-worth of junk bonds were re-packaged as collateralised bond obligations ( cbos ) , and that [now] up to $ 1 billion-worth are being touted to investors .

Enterprise zones — which seduce businesses into poor areas with attractive tax breaks — are currently back in vogue at the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development .
enterprise zones — which seduce businesses into poor areas with attractive tax breaks — are [now] back in vogue at the federal department of housing and urban development .

The Hawiye clan , which dominates the rebel group currently threatening Mr Barre , is not thought to be vengeful .
the hawiye clan , which dominates the rebel group [now] threatening mr barre , is not thought to be vengeful .

The Monopolies and Mergers Commission is currently investigating the pre-tax price of cars , which is some 30 % higher in Britain than in , say , Belgium .
the monopolies and mergers commission is [now] investigating the pre-tax price of cars , which is some 30 % higher in britain than in , say , belgium .

Shiseido , a Japanese cosmetics giant , plans to boost exports , which currently take a mere 2 % of its production .
shiseido , a japanese cosmetics giant , plans to boost exports , which [now] take a mere 2 % of its production .

But Channel Four , the only British broadcaster currently airing the series , has just announced its cancellation .
but channel four , the only british broadcaster [now] airing the series , has just announced its cancellation .

Yet , thanks to the cumbersome appeals procedure , each execution currently costs between $ 2m and $ 5m , four or five times what it costs to keep someone in prison for life .
yet , thanks to the cumbersome appeals procedure , each execution [now] costs between $ 2m and $ 5m , four or five times what it costs to keep someone in prison for life .

As growth in France 's economy slows ( to an expected 2 % this year after two years near 4 % ) , unemployment ( currently 9.2 % of the workforce ) is rising and budget receipts dropping .
as growth in france 's economy slows ( to an expected 2 % this year after two years near 4 % ) , unemployment ( [now] 9.2 % of the workforce ) is rising and budget receipts dropping .

Deregulate private minivan services , which are currently prevented from serving many areas .
deregulate private minivan services , which are [now] prevented from serving many areas .

Currently , the spread is about ten points , suggesting that the market expects a default rate of about 10 % .
[now] , the spread is about ten points , suggesting that the market expects a default rate of about 10 % .

Studio bosses insist that next year 's pictures — currently being negotiated — will be cheaper .
studio bosses insist that next year 's pictures — [now] being negotiated — will be cheaper .

In hardware terms , the Portfolio is the best electronic ‘ Filofax ’ currently available .
in hardware terms , the portfolio is the best electronic ‘ filofax ’ [now] available .

Vamp , one of the three big companies specialising in the medical business , is currently placing 80 to 100 computers a month .
vamp , one of the three big companies specialising in the medical business , is [now] placing 80 to 100 computers a month .

These two heroin refining towns serve the most prolific of all the Afghan poppy areas , Helmund province , currently held by the mujahedin .
these two heroin refining towns serve the most prolific of all the afghan poppy areas , helmund province , [now] held by the mujahedin .

This involves an area of about one square yard of currently uncultivated land , together with a sturdy spade and lots of energy , for you are seeking evidence of an impermeable layer , or hard pan , down below the ground .
this involves an area of about one square yard of [now] uncultivated land , together with a sturdy spade and lots of energy , for you are seeking evidence of an impermeable layer , or hard pan , down below the ground .

Development costs could be reduced by expanding these existing nuclear sites which are currently used primarily to produce fuel for military purposes .
development costs could be reduced by expanding these existing nuclear sites which are [now] used primarily to produce fuel for military purposes .

The scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .
the scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , [now] £54.80 a week .

He can not think of anyone else currently playing who can do that .
he can not think of anyone else [now] playing who can do that .

But Mr Parkinson pointed out yesterday that , while such a scheme would fail if all those motorists currently using the capital were willing to pay , a charge .
but mr parkinson pointed out yesterday that , while such a scheme would fail if all those motorists [now] using the capital were willing to pay , a charge .

Retailing industry-watchers believe that Dixons ' core businesses — the British electrical retailing operation — is currently showing a loss .
retailing industry-watchers believe that dixons ' core businesses — the british electrical retailing operation — is [now] showing a loss .

But is there not a case for saying that we are currently witnessing the historic counter attack of Christian Democracy , which has summoned up the traditions of Eastern Europe to redress the balance of the West ?
but is there not a case for saying that we are [now] witnessing the historic counter attack of christian democracy , which has summoned up the traditions of eastern europe to redress the balance of the west ?

Asquith was manifestly a major — if currently under-estimated — prime minister , the longest continuously in office between Lord Liverpool and Mrs Thatcher .
asquith was manifestly a major — if [now] under-estimated — prime minister , the longest continuously in office between lord liverpool and mrs thatcher .

The remainder could house another public gallery — perhaps a permanent home for Mantegna 's Triumphs , currently on show at the Royal Academy .
the remainder could house another public gallery — perhaps a permanent home for mantegna 's triumphs , [now] on show at the royal academy .

Dr Simon Dowell , partridge biologist at the Game Conservancy , said yesterday : ‘ Wild gamebirds are currently under enormous pressures .
dr simon dowell , partridge biologist at the game conservancy , said yesterday : ‘ wild gamebirds are [now] under enormous pressures .

Neither man holds back his star dishes : currently Ladenis features one of his most successful recent constructions , a wonderfully crusty , deep-flavoured Pithivier of quail .
neither man holds back his star dishes : [now] ladenis features one of his most successful recent constructions , a wonderfully crusty , deep-flavoured pithivier of quail .

Listening to John Wilson , the Cambridge coach , though , the idea does grow that Oxford 's run of consecutive victories — currently five — is about to end and that Cambridge will lift the trophy provided by Beefeater , the sponsors , for the first time .
listening to john wilson , the cambridge coach , though , the idea does grow that oxford 's run of consecutive victories — [now] five — is about to end and that cambridge will lift the trophy provided by beefeater , the sponsors , for the first time .

The same caveat applies to the 21 zero coupons on offer , currently rolling up notional interest of between 9 p.c .
the same caveat applies to the 21 zero coupons on offer , [now] rolling up notional interest of between 9 p.c .

They can be used for retirement planning for those currently paying the top rate of income tax and who expect their post-retirement income to attract basic tax only .
they can be used for retirement planning for those [now] paying the top rate of income tax and who expect their post-retirement income to attract basic tax only .

The deposit currently earns £710 per annum after deduction of 25 p.c .
the deposit [now] earns £710 per annum after deduction of 25 p.c .

Other voices , too , are now being raised in support of a national body to pull together a multitude of organisations , currently pursuing , often blindly , their selfish individual goals .
other voices , too , are now being raised in support of a national body to pull together a multitude of organisations , [now] pursuing , often blindly , their selfish individual goals .

She is currently in the process of closing it down at considerable personal loss .
she is [now] in the process of closing it down at considerable personal loss .

To date , new services have all been on lines owned by Rail Freight — so they currently pay infrastructure costs which would otherwise fall to county councils .
to date , new services have all been on lines owned by rail freight — so they [now] pay infrastructure costs which would otherwise fall to county councils .

The advertisements are currently appearing in Asian magazines and newspapers , backed up by further information on ethnic radio stations and telephone helplines .
the advertisements are [now] appearing in asian magazines and newspapers , backed up by further information on ethnic radio stations and telephone helplines .

And , indeed , it is the gap between short-term rates , currently around 4 per cent , and longer-term rates , as high as 8 per cent , that has everyone worried .
and , indeed , it is the gap between short-term rates , [now] around 4 per cent , and longer-term rates , as high as 8 per cent , that has everyone worried .

But Speyhawk is a minnow compared to some big fish currently feeling the pain : Olympia & York , the world 's largest property company , and Gerald Ronson 's Heron International are both trying , in Third World style , to reschedule their debts .
but speyhawk is a minnow compared to some big fish [now] feeling the pain : olympia & york , the world 's largest property company , and gerald ronson 's heron international are both trying , in third world style , to reschedule their debts .

The charity currently uses Crosby Hall as an international student hostel and headquarters .
the charity [now] uses crosby hall as an international student hostel and headquarters .

The Commission is currently demanding greater powers to pronounce on merger policy over the heads of the member states .
the commission is [now] demanding greater powers to pronounce on merger policy over the heads of the member states .

She is currently a member of scores of international institutions , many of which entail an agreement to act in concert with allies .
she is [now] a member of scores of international institutions , many of which entail an agreement to act in concert with allies .

In economic policy , for instance , Britain is currently sovereign in that it is the Chancellor of the Exchequer who takes decisions given the circumstances of the day and defends his decisions before Parliament .
in economic policy , for instance , britain is [now] sovereign in that it is the chancellor of the exchequer who takes decisions given the circumstances of the day and defends his decisions before parliament .

Indeed , it is hard to exaggerate the sense of crisis which currently prevails in French political life .
indeed , it is hard to exaggerate the sense of crisis which [now] prevails in french political life .

Information on the credit terms and methods of payment currently applying to particular business sectors in the foreign market .
information on the credit terms and methods of payment [now] applying to particular business sectors in the foreign market .

Based in Warrenpoint the company is involved in the manufacture of Cassetted Ribbons for use in typewriters , word processors , computers and cash registers which are currently being exported to some 27 countries .
based in warrenpoint the company is involved in the manufacture of cassetted ribbons for use in typewriters , word processors , computers and cash registers which are [now] being exported to some 27 countries .

He continues : ‘ Currently , major manufacturers from the United States and Asia tend to have two or maybe three plants in Europe .
he continues : ‘ [now] , major manufacturers from the united states and asia tend to have two or maybe three plants in europe .

Currently , just over £20 million is spent annually on renewable energy research and development , compared to more than £200 million a year on nuclear power .
[now] , just over £20 million is spent annually on renewable energy research and development , compared to more than £200 million a year on nuclear power .

Our economy currently functions unsustainably , producing unacceptable levels of pollution and rates of resource depletion .
our economy [now] functions unsustainably , producing unacceptable levels of pollution and rates of resource depletion .

Currently , the main attention and content of reform is largely imbalanced in favour of the more basic of the cognitive goals , to the relative neglect of higher-order cognitive goals , and to a very strong passivity when it comes to personal/social development goals . Fullan ( 1982 ) p. 289
[now] , the main attention and content of reform is largely imbalanced in favour of the more basic of the cognitive goals , to the relative neglect of higher-order cognitive goals , and to a very strong passivity when it comes to personal/social development goals . fullan ( 1982 ) p. 289

If variation rather than fidelity is required in the management of change , then the restrictive views of professionality and management currently underpinning much thinking would not seem to be the most appropriate model for the future .
if variation rather than fidelity is required in the management of change , then the restrictive views of professionality and management [now] underpinning much thinking would not seem to be the most appropriate model for the future .

Within these conditions , some of the broad themes currently exercising the minds of practitioners and commentators in commercial and industrial management are worthy of consideration .
within these conditions , some of the broad themes [now] exercising the minds of practitioners and commentators in commercial and industrial management are worthy of consideration .

The first of these approaches has resulted in a programme called the ‘ Management Charter Initiative ’ , which is currently planning a nationwide training initiative with a highly flexible approach — bringing together in-house provision with higher education provision and suggesting a laddered approach to management development throughout the whole careers of those involved .
the first of these approaches has resulted in a programme called the ‘ management charter initiative ’ , which is [now] planning a nationwide training initiative with a highly flexible approach — bringing together in-house provision with higher education provision and suggesting a laddered approach to management development throughout the whole careers of those involved .

In the light of what has been said above about the nature of the relationships between managerial and professional processes in schools , the competency/threshold model currently being developed would seem to have little to offer in terms of meeting the need for a move towards holistic management processes .
in the light of what has been said above about the nature of the relationships between managerial and professional processes in schools , the competency/threshold model [now] being developed would seem to have little to offer in terms of meeting the need for a move towards holistic management processes .

Where are the processes and responsibilities of management in the school currently located ?
where are the processes and responsibilities of management in the school [now] located ?

How do we currently balance our managerial effort between ( a ) steady state , and ( b ) development work ?
how do we [now] balance our managerial effort between ( a ) steady state , and ( b ) development work ?

The dynamic environment within which educational institutions currently operate was outlined in chapter 1 .
the dynamic environment within which educational institutions [now] operate was outlined in chapter 1 .

We will phase out the Assisted Places scheme ( without affecting pupils currently on a place , or offered one from September 1992 ) and redirect the savings to meet wider educational needs .
we will phase out the assisted places scheme ( without affecting pupils [now] on a place , or offered one from september 1992 ) and redirect the savings to meet wider educational needs .

( It currently stood at 141 all told ) .
( it [now] stood at 141 all told ) .

In the new Parliament we will continue to seek to re-establish stable institutions of Government in Northern Ireland , so that powers currently exercised by Ministers in the Northern Ireland Office can be returned to locally-elected politicians .
in the new parliament we will continue to seek to re-establish stable institutions of government in northern ireland , so that powers [now] exercised by ministers in the northern ireland office can be returned to locally-elected politicians .

But at the same time , if there is a God , it is perfectly plausible to argue that He would desire the discussion of His existence to proceed in the argumentative , confused and doubting way in which it currently does .
but at the same time , if there is a god , it is perfectly plausible to argue that he would desire the discussion of his existence to proceed in the argumentative , confused and doubting way in which it [now] does .

Fast access to hundreds of teletext information pages and a matching stand for your Video recorder , makes this one of the most impressive new products currently on rental .
fast access to hundreds of teletext information pages and a matching stand for your video recorder , makes this one of the most impressive new products [now] on rental .

Please note that , currently , the Customer Guarantee Scheme applies only to domestic customers .
please note that , [now] , the customer guarantee scheme applies only to domestic customers .

One of the country 's foremost insurance underwriters , with roots dating back to 1720 and currently handles assets exceeding £8,500 million , Guardian Royal Exchange has an excellent reputation for courteous and prompt service .
one of the country 's foremost insurance underwriters , with roots dating back to 1720 and [now] handles assets exceeding £8,500 million , guardian royal exchange has an excellent reputation for courteous and prompt service .

Currently , the typical monthly payment for a £50,000 endowment mortgage is £554.27. * But in the first year of HeadStart 531 , this would drop to just £287.15** — a very impressive saving !
[now] , the typical monthly payment for a £50,000 endowment mortgage is £554.27. * but in the first year of headstart 531 , this would drop to just £287.15** — a very impressive saving !

There is also an annual charge ( collected monthly ) of currently ¾ % ; of the value of the funds .
there is also an annual charge ( collected monthly ) of [now] ¾ % ; of the value of the funds .

These are currently two types of bonus .
these are [now] two types of bonus .

Although shareholders , we do not expect you to alter your currently successful business strategy .
although shareholders , we do not expect you to alter your [now] successful business strategy .

Whichever route is chosen , the tax relief currently available offers a tremendous incentive to investment .
whichever route is chosen , the tax relief [now] available offers a tremendous incentive to investment .

force my opponent to take some action that he currently is not taking ?
force my opponent to take some action that he [now] is not taking ?

restrain my opponent from taking the action he is currently taking ?
restrain my opponent from taking the action he is [now] taking ?

restrain both of us from taking action in which we are currently engaged ?
restrain both of us from taking action in which we are [now] engaged ?

This clock has several buttons on it which you can press to indicate the kind of activity in which you are currently engaged .
this clock has several buttons on it which you can press to indicate the kind of activity in which you are [now] engaged .

On a daily basis these questions should lead you to keep a list of specific activities which you currently see as important to complete in some way .
on a daily basis these questions should lead you to keep a list of specific activities which you [now] see as important to complete in some way .

The only paper on your desk should be that on which you are currently working and material waiting to receive your attention for the first time .
the only paper on your desk should be that on which you are [now] working and material waiting to receive your attention for the first time .

To answer this correctly you need to analyse the tasks that face you currently to decide how many of them can be handed on immediately , or later with careful preparation .
to answer this correctly you need to analyse the tasks that face you [now] to decide how many of them can be handed on immediately , or later with careful preparation .

There are currently two types of bonus .
there are [now] two types of bonus .

Smoking : Many reasons are currently being put forward for giving up smoking and all of them are valid .
smoking : many reasons are [now] being put forward for giving up smoking and all of them are valid .

He is currently teaching at the Guildhall School of Music .
he is [now] teaching at the guildhall school of music .

She has been a soloist at the Proms and is currently principal oboe with the London Bach Orchestra and the Orchestra of St John 's , Smith Square , and Professor of Oboe at the Royal Academy and Trinity College .
she has been a soloist at the proms and is [now] principal oboe with the london bach orchestra and the orchestra of st john 's , smith square , and professor of oboe at the royal academy and trinity college .

So by sharing a little of what we have , we can remover the threat of these terrible diseases which , currently , kill three and a half million children a year .
so by sharing a little of what we have , we can remover the threat of these terrible diseases which , [now] , kill three and a half million children a year .

Forest burning currently accounts for 20 % of the world 's annual production of carbon dioxide .
forest burning [now] accounts for 20 % of the world 's annual production of carbon dioxide .

Refna Hamey is currently one of the hottest tips among artists of the racecourse ; her commissioned paintings include Corbiere , Grittar and Celtic Shot .
refna hamey is [now] one of the hottest tips among artists of the racecourse ; her commissioned paintings include corbiere , grittar and celtic shot .

The camp is currently terrorised by the chimp community 's first and only rogue male , Frodo .
the camp is [now] terrorised by the chimp community 's first and only rogue male , frodo .

Glencar Explorations , the company that holds the prospecting licence jointly with a British company , Andaman Resources , is one of 20 mining concerns currently investigating gold deposits in Northern Ireland and the Republic .
glencar explorations , the company that holds the prospecting licence jointly with a british company , andaman resources , is one of 20 mining concerns [now] investigating gold deposits in northern ireland and the republic .

Seven years ago , needing more space for their family ( two daughters , currently both art students ) and their work , they decided to move , and to take on a rather dilapidated but unrestored farmhouse .
seven years ago , needing more space for their family ( two daughters , [now] both art students ) and their work , they decided to move , and to take on a rather dilapidated but unrestored farmhouse .

But things have now improved and sales in comparable shops are currently ahead of last year , if only by a neck .
but things have now improved and sales in comparable shops are [now] ahead of last year , if only by a neck .

Meanwhile , Sir Lewis does not intend to rush his decision on the future of the Country Court concept , currently on ice with only six of a planned 20 hotels off the starting blocks .
meanwhile , sir lewis does not intend to rush his decision on the future of the country court concept , [now] on ice with only six of a planned 20 hotels off the starting blocks .

Tricon strongly advises the Cassons to realign the hotel 's position in the marketplace to take advantage of currently untapped business .
tricon strongly advises the cassons to realign the hotel 's position in the marketplace to take advantage of [now] untapped business .

Access to the bars and restaurant is currently achieved only through the hotel reception .
access to the bars and restaurant is [now] achieved only through the hotel reception .

In the circumstance of their redundance , the usual prescription has been the demolition of the buildings and sale of their sites , but it is likely that where redundancy affects noteworthy buildings — and an increasing number of Roman Catholic churches , lacking the exemption from ‘ listing ’ currently enjoyed by the Anglican churches , are being listed as buildings of architectural or historic interest — the church hierarchy may have to consider offering them for conversion to alternative uses .
in the circumstance of their redundance , the usual prescription has been the demolition of the buildings and sale of their sites , but it is likely that where redundancy affects noteworthy buildings — and an increasing number of roman catholic churches , lacking the exemption from ‘ listing ’ [now] enjoyed by the anglican churches , are being listed as buildings of architectural or historic interest — the church hierarchy may have to consider offering them for conversion to alternative uses .

Guambian forces on the ground are currently occupying defensive positions to the west of the vital oil installations , Which are situated in the northeast of the island .
guambian forces on the ground are [now] occupying defensive positions to the west of the vital oil installations , which are situated in the northeast of the island .

The platoon have constructed the fuel farm and are currently receiving a bulk inload from Petrofisi , the main Turkish fuel supplier .
the platoon have constructed the fuel farm and are [now] receiving a bulk inload from petrofisi , the main turkish fuel supplier .

If successful it will mean gentler treatments for cancer sufferers as many drugs currently in use have toxic side effects .
if successful it will mean gentler treatments for cancer sufferers as many drugs [now] in use have toxic side effects .

Currently its sole model is the Kallista , a sort of replica of a 1930s open-top sports car .
[now] its sole model is the kallista , a sort of replica of a 1930s open-top sports car .

The annual cost will be about £3m a year which compares with the £500,000 currently spent on the Accounting Standards Committee .
the annual cost will be about £3m a year which compares with the £500,000 [now] spent on the accounting standards committee .

It is currently making sports cars .
it is [now] making sports cars .

But in what the Law Society also interpreted yesterday as a clear shift in emphasis from the English proposals , the paper makes it clear that the role of the Lord President would be no different from the one he currently exercises when approving training and professional rules .
but in what the law society also interpreted yesterday as a clear shift in emphasis from the english proposals , the paper makes it clear that the role of the lord president would be no different from the one he [now] exercises when approving training and professional rules .

David Shattock , the Chief Constable of Avon , says in a report : ‘ Vehicles currently being purchased have greatly improved seating .
david shattock , the chief constable of avon , says in a report : ‘ vehicles [now] being purchased have greatly improved seating .

The same is true for East Anglia — in 1969 average prices in the region were 69.4 per cent of those in Greater London : currently the figure is 69.8 .
the same is true for east anglia — in 1969 average prices in the region were 69.4 per cent of those in greater london : [now] the figure is 69.8 .

Second , such support as there is , via the National Endowment for the Arts ( currently it is funded at $ 130m , which to the federal government is peanuts ) , is the more visible for being infinitesimal and therefore vulnerable .
second , such support as there is , via the national endowment for the arts ( [now] it is funded at $ 130m , which to the federal government is peanuts ) , is the more visible for being infinitesimal and therefore vulnerable .

It will also be specially targeted at pensioners and disabled people who do not currently pay rates , a decision which will probably add 400,000 pensioners to the beneficiaries .
it will also be specially targeted at pensioners and disabled people who do not [now] pay rates , a decision which will probably add 400,000 pensioners to the beneficiaries .

‘ The transformation of the British pub currently underway has not occurred because of some conscious desertion of its doors by the public , but it is the result of some very careful planning by groups of retailers , marketing managers and accountants ( back up by designers ) encamped in the higher echelons of the brewing trade .
‘ the transformation of the british pub [now] underway has not occurred because of some conscious desertion of its doors by the public , but it is the result of some very careful planning by groups of retailers , marketing managers and accountants ( back up by designers ) encamped in the higher echelons of the brewing trade .

Art Deco is offered as a ‘ sensitive ’ alternative to Victoriana , otherwise virtually the only decorative style currently in the pubfitter 's repertoire .
art deco is offered as a ‘ sensitive ’ alternative to victoriana , otherwise virtually the only decorative style [now] in the pubfitter 's repertoire .

Indeed , Langford and Williams are currently developing family pub concepts for a major brewer which take as their starting point perceived elements of the vernacular pub : highly detailed joinery , ‘ honest ’ and tactile finishes , and the bar counter as a focus .
indeed , langford and williams are [now] developing family pub concepts for a major brewer which take as their starting point perceived elements of the vernacular pub : highly detailed joinery , ‘ honest ’ and tactile finishes , and the bar counter as a focus .

It is currently , in 1990 , fighting for its life .
it is [now] , in 1990 , fighting for its life .

There is an account of the mind-body problem which could , with some oversimplification , be described as the currently fashionable one .
there is an account of the mind-body problem which could , with some oversimplification , be described as the [now] fashionable one .

The functionalist approach to the study of mind characterizes much of the work currently being done in cognitive psychology , artificial intelligence and linguistics .
the functionalist approach to the study of mind characterizes much of the work [now] being done in cognitive psychology , artificial intelligence and linguistics .

The basis of these unities does not seem to lie within the nervous system as it is currently conceived .
the basis of these unities does not seem to lie within the nervous system as it is [now] conceived .

Jeff Hunter , currently studying Latin and French at Oxford , and Edinburgh University 's Heather Lockhart , emerged as the new singles champions .
jeff hunter , [now] studying latin and french at oxford , and edinburgh university 's heather lockhart , emerged as the new singles champions .

Foreign students studying in Britain were eligible to compete here , and this year , Midland Bank 's tournament attracted Frenchman Pierre Pourquery , currently studying at Exeter University .
foreign students studying in britain were eligible to compete here , and this year , midland bank 's tournament attracted frenchman pierre pourquery , [now] studying at exeter university .

Slightly shorter in length , and with a 90sq in headsize rather than the 95 and 105 which are currently the norm , the Challenge 26 is also lighter and specially balanced to suit female and junior players .
slightly shorter in length , and with a 90sq in headsize rather than the 95 and 105 which are [now] the norm , the challenge 26 is also lighter and specially balanced to suit female and junior players .

Amnesty International has received information about nearly 300 Ugandan nationals currently detained for political reasons in Rwanda .
amnesty international has received information about nearly 300 ugandan nationals [now] detained for political reasons in rwanda .

More than 130 political prisoners from Irian Jaya are currently serving lengthy prison terms for advocating the province 's independence from Indonesia .
more than 130 political prisoners from irian jaya are [now] serving lengthy prison terms for advocating the province 's independence from indonesia .

The very life blood of Amnesty is its research teams — there are currently 40 based at the International Secretariat in London .
the very life blood of amnesty is its research teams — there are [now] 40 based at the international secretariat in london .

Tell the King that you are concerned about the case of Mohamed Srifi , currently in Kenitra Central Prison , Casablanca , who was arrested in 1974 , tortured , brought to trial in 1977 and jailed for 30 years after a blatantly unfair trial .
tell the king that you are concerned about the case of mohamed srifi , [now] in kenitra central prison , casablanca , who was arrested in 1974 , tortured , brought to trial in 1977 and jailed for 30 years after a blatantly unfair trial .

He is currently held at the No .
he is [now] held at the no .

Even more prisoners , about 60 , are currently being held under equivalent provisions in the nominally independent ‘ homelands ’ of the Transkei and Bophuthatswana .
even more prisoners , about 60 , are [now] being held under equivalent provisions in the nominally independent ‘ homelands ’ of the transkei and bophuthatswana .

In the accounts of ‘ anthropology at home ’ currently being produced , the potential to include the personal is unlike that which exists here , for only rarely does the research material contain an account in which the analyst is the subject as well as the researcher .
in the accounts of ‘ anthropology at home ’ [now] being produced , the potential to include the personal is unlike that which exists here , for only rarely does the research material contain an account in which the analyst is the subject as well as the researcher .

The detective therefore has a legitimate target in the thief ( again the metaphor is based in militarism ) ; and this is currently reinforced by the politics of materialism .
the detective therefore has a legitimate target in the thief ( again the metaphor is based in militarism ) ; and this is [now] reinforced by the politics of materialism .

Database files can be copied from the user 's main computer system to the GRiDPad — a process which is slow currently , but will get faster — and updated in the field .
database files can be copied from the user 's main computer system to the gridpad — a process which is slow [now] , but will get faster — and updated in the field .

He is currently working at the Three Lions restaurant , Stuckton , Dorset .
he is [now] working at the three lions restaurant , stuckton , dorset .

there is no vaccine or cure currently available .
there is no vaccine or cure [now] available .

Care-link units , designed to provide remote signalling of distress via the telephone systems , are currently on loan with seven clients in London .
care-link units , designed to provide remote signalling of distress via the telephone systems , are [now] on loan with seven clients in london .

We are currently compiling material for a book which will illustrate plans and photographs of popular wrecks around the British Isles .
we are [now] compiling material for a book which will illustrate plans and photographs of popular wrecks around the british isles .

To copy currently successful trends is to place yourself two years behind … instantly ) .
to copy [now] successful trends is to place yourself two years behind … instantly ) .

The 800m world record holder , who is currently training between 50 and 60 miles a week , was quick to play down any suggestion that he would finish among the top runners in the 11th London Marathon .
the 800m world record holder , who is [now] training between 50 and 60 miles a week , was quick to play down any suggestion that he would finish among the top runners in the 11th london marathon .

The information below give you an idea of what is currently available on the market .
the information below give you an idea of what is [now] available on the market .

Not pictured but also currently available on the market are :
not pictured but also [now] available on the market are :

The idea that a runner can win more by not trying too hard is not likely to be well received in the hard-bitten commercial world of sports retailing , but if the winter miles are currently very wearisome and every race is a struggle to gain a few seconds , you might try leaving your watch off at a race or two and see if the Zarei approach puts a bit of the enjoyment back into running .
the idea that a runner can win more by not trying too hard is not likely to be well received in the hard-bitten commercial world of sports retailing , but if the winter miles are [now] very wearisome and every race is a struggle to gain a few seconds , you might try leaving your watch off at a race or two and see if the zarei approach puts a bit of the enjoyment back into running .

Lawyers are currently handling a record number of claims against doctors , and the result has been a dramatic shift towards ‘ defensive ’ medicine US-style .
lawyers are [now] handling a record number of claims against doctors , and the result has been a dramatic shift towards ‘ defensive ’ medicine us-style .

Sweden is currently off the Richter price scale for British clients but Norway , euphoric at winning the 1994 Olympics for Lillehammer , is determined to regain the reputation it had for alpine skiing thirty years ago , when the annual quota of British skiers was 15,000 ; today it is 1,500 , but that will change when the tour operators can be induced to include Norwegian destinations in their programmes .
sweden is [now] off the richter price scale for british clients but norway , euphoric at winning the 1994 olympics for lillehammer , is determined to regain the reputation it had for alpine skiing thirty years ago , when the annual quota of british skiers was 15,000 ; today it is 1,500 , but that will change when the tour operators can be induced to include norwegian destinations in their programmes .

There is no question that well designed Italianate lent itself admirably to that display of powerful dignity which the railways were currently trying to achieve .
there is no question that well designed italianate lent itself admirably to that display of powerful dignity which the railways were [now] trying to achieve .

The school day should be extended for older pupils , with many activities currently classed as voluntary or extra-curricular brought within the normal working framework of the school timetable .
the school day should be extended for older pupils , with many activities [now] classed as voluntary or extra-curricular brought within the normal working framework of the school timetable .

Currently , the same approach has been adopted by the City Corporation and Tower Hamlets over Spitalfields Market .
[now] , the same approach has been adopted by the city corporation and tower hamlets over spitalfields market .

With the massive changes currently taking place in the National Health Service and the controversial Care in the Community programme for the treatment of the mentally ill , hundreds of hospitals and mental asylums are being closed and sold off .
with the massive changes [now] taking place in the national health service and the controversial care in the community programme for the treatment of the mentally ill , hundreds of hospitals and mental asylums are being closed and sold off .

The university 's smart answer has been to withhold their degrees , but a law student is currently taking them to court , claiming violation of his rights .
the university 's smart answer has been to withhold their degrees , but a law student is [now] taking them to court , claiming violation of his rights .

It is the Sahara Palace Hotel , the most luxurious in Tunisia , a cavernous , currently near deserted edifice with all the charm and intimacy of an international airport lounge .
it is the sahara palace hotel , the most luxurious in tunisia , a cavernous , [now] near deserted edifice with all the charm and intimacy of an international airport lounge .

We need to know far more than we currently do about the organised abuse of children — and we need to find out from survivors , both child and adult .
we need to know far more than we [now] do about the organised abuse of children — and we need to find out from survivors , both child and adult .

The real mortgage rate is currently a relatively high 7 per cent , implying prices 10.5 per cent higher than under rationing .
the real mortgage rate is [now] a relatively high 7 per cent , implying prices 10.5 per cent higher than under rationing .

The companies had sought to merge their fleets on the currently lucrative Dover , Folkestone and Ramsgate routes to France which would have fixed prices at one level and allowed them to operate a single timetable .
the companies had sought to merge their fleets on the [now] lucrative dover , folkestone and ramsgate routes to france which would have fixed prices at one level and allowed them to operate a single timetable .

There are currently over 28,000 part-time staff in Government Service and , while the great majority of these are in the junior grades , ten per cent of women at Principal level and above ( senior staff ) now work part time .
there are [now] over 28,000 part-time staff in government service and , while the great majority of these are in the junior grades , ten per cent of women at principal level and above ( senior staff ) now work part time .

( And the Children 's Bill currently going through Parliament will seek to give them more rights and protection . )
( and the children 's bill [now] going through parliament will seek to give them more rights and protection . )

The 18-year-old from Dinas Powys , currently Britain 's best young player , learned this week that she has won a place at St Hilda 's College for September 1991 to study physiology and psychology .
the 18-year-old from dinas powys , [now] britain 's best young player , learned this week that she has won a place at st hilda 's college for september 1991 to study physiology and psychology .

His mind seems currently more on organising Hollywood-type weddings , extended holidays and wondering about the legality of the World Cup draw .
his mind seems [now] more on organising hollywood-type weddings , extended holidays and wondering about the legality of the world cup draw .

Mr Lansley , who is currently policy director of the Assocication of British Chambers of Commerce and was Mr Norman Tebbit 's private secretary when he was party chairman .
mr lansley , who is [now] policy director of the assocication of british chambers of commerce and was mr norman tebbit 's private secretary when he was party chairman .

Around 50 pubs are currently on the market .
around 50 pubs are [now] on the market .

Dr Kristof Lis , Poland 's minister in charge of the Plenipotentiary for Changes in Ownership , is currently having to wrestle with the fact of real worker power — from the concept of actual ownership to the committees which have a large say in the running of industry .
dr kristof lis , poland 's minister in charge of the plenipotentiary for changes in ownership , is [now] having to wrestle with the fact of real worker power — from the concept of actual ownership to the committees which have a large say in the running of industry .

Which is more than can be said , perhaps , for some of the offerings labelled Panto that are currently mopping up a lot of customers .
which is more than can be said , perhaps , for some of the offerings labelled panto that are [now] mopping up a lot of customers .

In Scotland about half of the 600 boats currently operating could be severely affected .
in scotland about half of the 600 boats [now] operating could be severely affected .

He is currently finishing the script for Big Bad Apple , to be set in New York during the late 1990s .
he is [now] finishing the script for big bad apple , to be set in new york during the late 1990s .

Television is excellent for this , and Chomsky for long has had that great domain in which to show how governments and the big businesses linked to most television powers are very , very careful to be sure that few views are presented which violate the currently useful consensus .
television is excellent for this , and chomsky for long has had that great domain in which to show how governments and the big businesses linked to most television powers are very , very careful to be sure that few views are presented which violate the [now] useful consensus .

It is about the same as we can anticipate in the next century , on the basis of currently predicted rates of greenhouse warming , according to scientists like Tom Wigley , Director of the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia .
it is about the same as we can anticipate in the next century , on the basis of [now] predicted rates of greenhouse warming , according to scientists like tom wigley , director of the climate research unit at the university of east anglia .

He was forced to conclude that there is currently no obvious explanation for why his phases of meltwater runoff and accelerated sea-level rise took place when they did .
he was forced to conclude that there is [now] no obvious explanation for why his phases of meltwater runoff and accelerated sea-level rise took place when they did .

Large developments by Beazer , Wimpey , Berkeley , Crest , Durkan , Prowting , Trencherwood , Salthorp and Penta have been successfully sold or are currently being marketed by Adkin New Homes branches spread over Oxfordshire .
large developments by beazer , wimpey , berkeley , crest , durkan , prowting , trencherwood , salthorp and penta have been successfully sold or are [now] being marketed by adkin new homes branches spread over oxfordshire .

There are also many smaller select developments currently under construction by a wide range of local builder clients .
there are also many smaller select developments [now] under construction by a wide range of local builder clients .

We are pleased to be the appointed agents for several interesting sites countywide currently on offer by Trencherwood .
we are pleased to be the appointed agents for several interesting sites countywide [now] on offer by trencherwood .

The number of plastic cards in circulation has risen from less than 10 million 10 years ago to 27 million today , while the total bank lending on cards — which in January 1980 stood at £934 million — currently stands at a massive £6.6 billion .
the number of plastic cards in circulation has risen from less than 10 million 10 years ago to 27 million today , while the total bank lending on cards — which in january 1980 stood at £934 million — [now] stands at a massive £6.6 billion .

More active marketing , an increasing range of special mortgage products and interest rates currently undercutting those of the banks and new lenders , have allowed the societies to start clawing back their share of the market .
more active marketing , an increasing range of special mortgage products and interest rates [now] undercutting those of the banks and new lenders , have allowed the societies to start clawing back their share of the market .

The number of plastic cards in circulation has risen from less than 10 million 10 years ago to 27 million today , while the total bank lending on cards — which in January 1980 stood at £934 million — currently stands at a massive £6.6 billion .
the number of plastic cards in circulation has risen from less than 10 million 10 years ago to 27 million today , while the total bank lending on cards — which in january 1980 stood at £934 million — [now] stands at a massive £6.6 billion .

Mr John MacGregor , the Education Secretary , said the decision would not alter the principles , objectives or framework of the scheme as outlined in the Education ( Student Loans ) Bill currently going through Parliament .
mr john macgregor , the education secretary , said the decision would not alter the principles , objectives or framework of the scheme as outlined in the education ( student loans ) bill [now] going through parliament .

The whole scheme will be policed by Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution , currently seriously understaffed with suitable recruits hard to find .
the whole scheme will be policed by her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution , [now] seriously understaffed with suitable recruits hard to find .

Genetic Engineering : This is a first attempt to legislate in this area , currently dealt with by voluntary codes of practice , because science has been moving quicker than the law makers .
genetic engineering : this is a first attempt to legislate in this area , [now] dealt with by voluntary codes of practice , because science has been moving quicker than the law makers .

Finally , Budapest is closely watching the personalities currently running Romania 's affairs .
finally , budapest is closely watching the personalities [now] running romania 's affairs .

Demand for the product next year would be calculated from the formula by taking the difference between projected total number owned next year and total number owned currently .
demand for the product next year would be calculated from the formula by taking the difference between projected total number owned next year and total number owned [now] .

1959–66 , managing director 1966–70 ) , Standard Industrial Trust ( chairman 1966–70 ) and Lazard Bros $ Company ( currently a member of the board ) .
1959–66 , managing director 1966–70 ) , standard industrial trust ( chairman 1966–70 ) and lazard bros $ company ( [now] a member of the board ) .

He was a member of the President 's Advisory Committee of the Confederation of British Industry from 1982 to 1988 and is currently a member of the Takeover Panel .
he was a member of the president 's advisory committee of the confederation of british industry from 1982 to 1988 and is [now] a member of the takeover panel .

Currently , most people wo n't go and see a band who they have n't heard of .
[now] , most people wo n't go and see a band who they have n't heard of .

But although , in career terms , it may currently be more effective to woo record companies rather than journalists , the rock press is n't a completely spent force , nor is it a worthless one .
but although , in career terms , it may [now] be more effective to woo record companies rather than journalists , the rock press is n't a completely spent force , nor is it a worthless one .

Currently , getting a record deal for a new act is difficult .
[now] , getting a record deal for a new act is difficult .

Currently , 75:25 is very favourable , 80:20 is exceptional and 90:10 is fantastic .
[now] , 75:25 is very favourable , 80:20 is exceptional and 90:10 is fantastic .

Currently , Radio 1 employs nineteen producers who supervise 147 hours of broadcasting each week .
[now] , radio 1 employs nineteen producers who supervise 147 hours of broadcasting each week .

Currently , there are sixteen contracts available .
[now] , there are sixteen contracts available .

Currently , music business solicitors are in the talent-spotting game , just like record companies , publishers , managers and agents .
[now] , music business solicitors are in the talent-spotting game , just like record companies , publishers , managers and agents .

Currently , touring is an extremely expensive business .
[now] , touring is an extremely expensive business .

Currently , the balance of power over these decisions seems to have swung in the artist 's favour .
[now] , the balance of power over these decisions seems to have swung in the artist 's favour .

Currently , bands seem to be facing a shrinking number of live venues coupled with the enormous expense of going on the road .
[now] , bands seem to be facing a shrinking number of live venues coupled with the enormous expense of going on the road .

Furthermore , the goods they consume , from food to furniture , are either currently produced by informal sector artisans , or have the potential to be produced in this way .
furthermore , the goods they consume , from food to furniture , are either [now] produced by informal sector artisans , or have the potential to be produced in this way .

Six residents are currently living there and enjoying the comforts of a very homely atmosphere .
six residents are [now] living there and enjoying the comforts of a very homely atmosphere .

Television more than anything else has transformed the image of the professional sportsman or woman from the skilled artisan ( ‘ master of their craft ’ ) to the dubious cinematic status of ‘ star ’ , or currently ‘ superstar ’ or ‘ megastar ’ as show-business hyperbole infects sport .
television more than anything else has transformed the image of the professional sportsman or woman from the skilled artisan ( ‘ master of their craft ’ ) to the dubious cinematic status of ‘ star ’ , or [now] ‘ superstar ’ or ‘ megastar ’ as show-business hyperbole infects sport .

Rover currently exports about 30 per cent of its production , and models like the 200 , 400 and Land Rover Discovery have been particularly well received abroad .
rover [now] exports about 30 per cent of its production , and models like the 200 , 400 and land rover discovery have been particularly well received abroad .

Gone is the rather conservative ‘ up-and-down ’ architecture of the previous model 's facia , replaced by a full-blown exposition of the currently fashionable ( especially with the Japanese ) organic look with its attendant curves and soft edges .
gone is the rather conservative ‘ up-and-down ’ architecture of the previous model 's facia , replaced by a full-blown exposition of the [now] fashionable ( especially with the japanese ) organic look with its attendant curves and soft edges .

Rudolf Seiters , the head of the Bonn Chancellery , announcing the move last night , said he expected that 11,000 East Germans currently in Prague would join the special trains heading west .
rudolf seiters , the head of the bonn chancellery , announcing the move last night , said he expected that 11,000 east germans [now] in prague would join the special trains heading west .

Todd , who played briefly at Wakefield Trinity last season , is in the New Zealand touring squad currently in this country , and was refused an exemption to take part in the showpiece game .
todd , who played briefly at wakefield trinity last season , is in the new zealand touring squad [now] in this country , and was refused an exemption to take part in the showpiece game .

The 76-year-old Euro-MP , who currently lives in West Germany , said he would of course not rule out a run some time in the future but for the moment he feels he can do more to promote his country in the European parliament .
the 76-year-old euro-mp , who [now] lives in west germany , said he would of course not rule out a run some time in the future but for the moment he feels he can do more to promote his country in the european parliament .

‘ All loans that we have outstanding would appear in the balance sheet under the loan portfolio , ’ a spokeswoman said , but she would not confirm that this item currently includes the Bond loan .
‘ all loans that we have outstanding would appear in the balance sheet under the loan portfolio , ’ a spokeswoman said , but she would not confirm that this item [now] includes the bond loan .

Despite his insistence that the deal is on schedule , it now looks certain that the offer as it currently stands will not proceed .
despite his insistence that the deal is on schedule , it now looks certain that the offer as it [now] stands will not proceed .

Currently highways authorities and main services providers are allowed to cause chaos by digging up roads whenever and wherever they wish .
[now] highways authorities and main services providers are allowed to cause chaos by digging up roads whenever and wherever they wish .

The System 16 and the System 4 input modules are designed to accept virtually any of the standard sensors currently available without any change of hardware .
the system 16 and the system 4 input modules are designed to accept virtually any of the standard sensors [now] available without any change of hardware .

Bioremediation is currently attracting a lot of attention as a remedial technique .
bioremediation is [now] attracting a lot of attention as a remedial technique .

An alternative approach is to apply the highest level of theory currently feasible for a system of its size .
an alternative approach is to apply the highest level of theory [now] feasible for a system of its size .

They have manufactured many heterocyclics ( currently synthesising pyridines , pyrimidines and triazines ) and some aliphatics .
they have manufactured many heterocyclics ( [now] synthesising pyridines , pyrimidines and triazines ) and some aliphatics .

‘ The great thing about Joe Boyd , ’ says Andy Kershaw , whose Radio 1 show provides one of the rare outlets for the African percussionists and Bulgarian tractor mechanics ' choral ensembles currently recording for Hannibal , ‘ is that he has consistently put his artistic principles before his commercial instincts .
‘ the great thing about joe boyd , ’ says andy kershaw , whose radio 1 show provides one of the rare outlets for the african percussionists and bulgarian tractor mechanics ' choral ensembles [now] recording for hannibal , ‘ is that he has consistently put his artistic principles before his commercial instincts .

There is currently a move towards Community Education in the Urban and Burgh schools ; rural schools have been involved in this , informally for a long time .
there is [now] a move towards community education in the urban and burgh schools ; rural schools have been involved in this , informally for a long time .

Joseph had reason for his concern , for Commanding General Sherman , currently visiting the park , had intensified his military campaign .
joseph had reason for his concern , for commanding general sherman , [now] visiting the park , had intensified his military campaign .

They currently co-operate well on an informal basis but there could be a case for a more formal liaison such as was seen in Germany .
they [now] co-operate well on an informal basis but there could be a case for a more formal liaison such as was seen in germany .

There was very little painting work about at present so music and plastering were currently his major occupations .
there was very little painting work about at present so music and plastering were [now] his major occupations .

Currently in Scotland around 30,000 ha per annum of hill land is afforested .
[now] in scotland around 30,000 ha per annum of hill land is afforested .

Although the agricultural departments may make competent judgements about the suitability of hill land for agriculture or forestry it is difficult to comprehend how they might also make an assessment of the potential wider impact of a change in land use without considerably more evidence than is currently available .
although the agricultural departments may make competent judgements about the suitability of hill land for agriculture or forestry it is difficult to comprehend how they might also make an assessment of the potential wider impact of a change in land use without considerably more evidence than is [now] available .

We are currently engaged on a research project that seeks to test empirically whether client participation does indeed increase the effectiveness of community work intervention .
we are [now] engaged on a research project that seeks to test empirically whether client participation does indeed increase the effectiveness of community work intervention .

This upsurge is reckoned by the environmental consultant Ecotec to be growing at 17 per cent a year , and to be worth 108m currently .
this upsurge is reckoned by the environmental consultant ecotec to be growing at 17 per cent a year , and to be worth 108m [now] .

Currently there are no universally accepted standards for environmental auditors to work toward , although they are beginning to be developed .
[now] there are no universally accepted standards for environmental auditors to work toward , although they are beginning to be developed .

The latest figures show that 16 new crackers are currently under construction , and at least 15–20 under serious study , according to Akitt .
the latest figures show that 16 new crackers are [now] under construction , and at least 15–20 under serious study , according to akitt .

At Bilborough we are currently discussing possible changes for the education of the 16–18 cohort .
at bilborough we are [now] discussing possible changes for the education of the 16–18 cohort .

The surface , currently the local blue grass , will be re-seeded with more traditional grass .
the surface , [now] the local blue grass , will be re-seeded with more traditional grass .

How long a physical abuse referral takes to deal with , for example , will depend on factors such as the quality of the referral information , whether the case was currently open to another agency already and the circumstances found on investigation .
how long a physical abuse referral takes to deal with , for example , will depend on factors such as the quality of the referral information , whether the case was [now] open to another agency already and the circumstances found on investigation .

There are currently an estimated 45 day-centres in Flanders , many of which are linked to residential facilities .
there are [now] an estimated 45 day-centres in flanders , many of which are linked to residential facilities .

Considerable stress is currently placed on the need to formulate care or ‘ treatment ’ plans in order to ensure effective interventions ( Knorth , 1987 ) .
considerable stress is [now] placed on the need to formulate care or ‘ treatment ’ plans in order to ensure effective interventions ( knorth , 1987 ) .

The first thing to recognise is at what level you are currently performing .
the first thing to recognise is at what level you are [now] performing .

However , this would depend on demand in Europe , and on price — too much Russian gas into Europe too soon would certainly depress a currently over-supplied market .
however , this would depend on demand in europe , and on price — too much russian gas into europe too soon would certainly depress a [now] over-supplied market .

Meeting this level of demand from indigenous energy resources is not a problem in Canada , currently a net energy exporter and certain to increase its exports of gas and coal in the future .
meeting this level of demand from indigenous energy resources is not a problem in canada , [now] a net energy exporter and certain to increase its exports of gas and coal in the future .

China is currently an energy exporter and has large coal and oil reserves .
china is [now] an energy exporter and has large coal and oil reserves .

Looking further ahead , coal use is likely to rise significantly only when its use is necessitated by demand for synthetic natural gas or chemical feedstocks currently acquired from oil .
looking further ahead , coal use is likely to rise significantly only when its use is necessitated by demand for synthetic natural gas or chemical feedstocks [now] acquired from oil .

Currently the domestic sector is nearly 60 % supplied by natural gas and this is likely to increase during the remainder of the century as it becomes more widely available .
[now] the domestic sector is nearly 60 % supplied by natural gas and this is likely to increase during the remainder of the century as it becomes more widely available .

Production from the 40 or so fields currently either producing or under development , will fall to around the 20 million tonnes per year level by the end of the century .
production from the 40 or so fields [now] either producing or under development , will fall to around the 20 million tonnes per year level by the end of the century .

Including nuclear plant currently planned , potential nuclear generating capacity , excluding 6 gas-cooled reactors and 3 fast breeder reactors ( 2 under construction ) , France 's potential nuclear generating capacity is some 65,000 megawatts .
including nuclear plant [now] planned , potential nuclear generating capacity , excluding 6 gas-cooled reactors and 3 fast breeder reactors ( 2 under construction ) , france 's potential nuclear generating capacity is some 65,000 megawatts .

The coal and nuclear programmes are currently performing unimpressively but this could change .
the coal and nuclear programmes are [now] performing unimpressively but this could change .

Currently , hydrocarbons account for a third of Norway 's gross exports , 15 per cent of revenue and 17 per cent of Gross National Product .
[now] , hydrocarbons account for a third of norway 's gross exports , 15 per cent of revenue and 17 per cent of gross national product .

Mexico was a net oil importer in 1974 but is currently the world 's fourth largest producer .
mexico was a net oil importer in 1974 but is [now] the world 's fourth largest producer .

Currently the export trade has been hit by lower prices for both steam coal and coking coal but this has not prevented a number of large and expensive development projects aimed at significantly increasing output .
[now] the export trade has been hit by lower prices for both steam coal and coking coal but this has not prevented a number of large and expensive development projects aimed at significantly increasing output .

The only one of the renewable sources currently commercially exploited on a significant scale is hydro-electric power which in 1983 contributed about 7 % to world energy supply .
the only one of the renewable sources [now] commercially exploited on a significant scale is hydro-electric power which in 1983 contributed about 7 % to world energy supply .

The first concerns the best method of allocating the scarce foreign exchange currently available .
the first concerns the best method of allocating the scarce foreign exchange [now] available .

His father , a trained butcher , currently works as a bus driver , and his mother is a clerk .
his father , a trained butcher , [now] works as a bus driver , and his mother is a clerk .

At my youngest child 's public kindergarten , the equivalent of a British state school , the main event currently is a fun run .
at my youngest child 's public kindergarten , the equivalent of a british state school , the main event [now] is a fun run .

Ke Pauk was in charge of the central zone of Cambodia under Pol Pot , and carried out the purges of Khmer Rouge cadres in the Eastern zone in 1977 and 1978 which forced many to flee to Vietnam , including Hun Sen and Heng Samrin , currently Prime Minister and President of the Phnom Penh government .
ke pauk was in charge of the central zone of cambodia under pol pot , and carried out the purges of khmer rouge cadres in the eastern zone in 1977 and 1978 which forced many to flee to vietnam , including hun sen and heng samrin , [now] prime minister and president of the phnom penh government .

Sub-editors , who work long evenings , currently do a four-day week , he says .
sub-editors , who work long evenings , [now] do a four-day week , he says .

It says video surveillance is currently only subject to ‘ vague and inadequate ’ government guidelines .
it says video surveillance is [now] only subject to ‘ vague and inadequate ’ government guidelines .

Both cars will retail at roughly $40,000 , challenging a market currently dominated by European luxury imports .
both cars will retail at roughly $40,000 , challenging a market [now] dominated by european luxury imports .

Currently , resignations of the underwriting members , the wealthy individuals who back the market with their private wealth which allows it to function , are running at 1,900 .
[now] , resignations of the underwriting members , the wealthy individuals who back the market with their private wealth which allows it to function , are running at 1,900 .

The argument that a ban will drive ivory trading underground is plainly absurd , since up to 90 per cent of all ivory currently in trade has come from elephants illegally slaughtered by poachers .
the argument that a ban will drive ivory trading underground is plainly absurd , since up to 90 per cent of all ivory [now] in trade has come from elephants illegally slaughtered by poachers .

Dagenham , which is currently scheduled to produce 1,100 cars a day , is one of the few Ford plants in Europe where output is not planned to increase .
dagenham , which is [now] scheduled to produce 1,100 cars a day , is one of the few ford plants in europe where output is not planned to increase .

The fact that Dagenham currently produces two cars makes the operation of the plant even more chaotic .
the fact that dagenham [now] produces two cars makes the operation of the plant even more chaotic .

Union leaders were told recently that the Essex plant , which currently produces the Sierra and the Fiesta , was experiencing more stoppages than any of the company 's plants in Europe and that quality levels were also the worst .
union leaders were told recently that the essex plant , which [now] produces the sierra and the fiesta , was experiencing more stoppages than any of the company 's plants in europe and that quality levels were also the worst .

The Labour Party is currently establishing Labour groups overseas in order to mobilise support for the forthcoming general election .
the labour party is [now] establishing labour groups overseas in order to mobilise support for the forthcoming general election .

Currently , the top winning living ‘ Charlie ’ is Champion Tudorhurst Theron , also bred and owned by Alicia .
[now] , the top winning living ‘ charlie ’ is champion tudorhurst theron , also bred and owned by alicia .

Robert Stern , currently farming on a tenancy just outside Evesham , Worcs , is a cash buyer .
robert stern , [now] farming on a tenancy just outside evesham , worcs , is a cash buyer .

Same-Lamborghini is currently producing some of the most high-tech tractors on the market .
same-lamborghini is [now] producing some of the most high-tech tractors on the market .

However , Silsoe College has developed a system which , when commercially available , will be cheaper than those devices currently on the market , it says .
however , silsoe college has developed a system which , when commercially available , will be cheaper than those devices [now] on the market , it says .

Research is currently being driven by the need to reduce pollution rather than fears of immediate oil shortage . So what 's cooking on the alternative fuels front ?
research is [now] being driven by the need to reduce pollution rather than fears of immediate oil shortage . so what 's cooking on the alternative fuels front ?

It 's relatively cheap and currently much is wasted by flare-off at extraction .
it 's relatively cheap and [now] much is wasted by flare-off at extraction .

Geoff Hamilton takes a close-up look at some mini-vegetables that are currently being developed by Horticulture Research International , whilst Pippa Greenwood continues her plans for planting a sloping garden ;
geoff hamilton takes a close-up look at some mini-vegetables that are [now] being developed by horticulture research international , whilst pippa greenwood continues her plans for planting a sloping garden ;

Created from scrap metal , Technotribe 's Garden Of Eden rainforest sculpture currently adorns the Garage indoor market in Chelsea 's Kings Road .
created from scrap metal , technotribe 's garden of eden rainforest sculpture [now] adorns the garage indoor market in chelsea 's kings road .

He also described the various channel tunnel options currently being studied by the Ministry .
he also described the various channel tunnel options [now] being studied by the ministry .

Mass-spectrometry techniques ( see glossary ) are currently receiving attention because they are superior to other methods in sensitivity and the range of chemical elements to which they can be applied .
mass-spectrometry techniques ( see glossary ) are [now] receiving attention because they are superior to other methods in sensitivity and the range of chemical elements to which they can be applied .

In fact , there is currently no consensus on exactly how to calibrate a radiocarbon result .
in fact , there is [now] no consensus on exactly how to calibrate a radiocarbon result .

Information about materials and techniques of manufacture , geography of find-spot and manufacture , and a short free-text description of the object are examples of the information categories currently included in the British Museum 's inventory .
information about materials and techniques of manufacture , geography of find-spot and manufacture , and a short free-text description of the object are examples of the information categories [now] included in the british museum 's inventory .

This sort of ‘ fanatical ’ asceticism is currently not well received in intellectual theological circles , although popular piety is slower to abandon its old allegiances .
this sort of ‘ fanatical ’ asceticism is [now] not well received in intellectual theological circles , although popular piety is slower to abandon its old allegiances .

Currently there are five such principal agents one inorganic and the remainder organic .
[now] there are five such principal agents one inorganic and the remainder organic .

Many photographers are currently becoming increasingly worried about the impact of electronics on the industry .
many photographers are [now] becoming increasingly worried about the impact of electronics on the industry .

You are now facing a building ( 18/183 ) currently owned by the Red Cross .
you are now facing a building ( 18/183 ) [now] owned by the red cross .

Stuart Gee , National Sales Manager of Tarmac Bricks and Tiles is equally buoyant about long-term prospects : ‘ Although the market is currently sluggish , the popularity of natural clay products is expected to continue to grow , stimulated by an expansion in pitched roof construction .
stuart gee , national sales manager of tarmac bricks and tiles is equally buoyant about long-term prospects : ‘ although the market is [now] sluggish , the popularity of natural clay products is expected to continue to grow , stimulated by an expansion in pitched roof construction .

Six wood veneers in Natural or Surfaced finishes are currently available and it is anticipated that appropriate applications will be for wall panelling and furniture .
six wood veneers in natural or surfaced finishes are [now] available and it is anticipated that appropriate applications will be for wall panelling and furniture .

Currently this may seem unacceptable as well as unlikely , but may no longer be so if Israel itself experiences military and economic recession .
[now] this may seem unacceptable as well as unlikely , but may no longer be so if israel itself experiences military and economic recession .

Even this would be conditional and limited : ‘ the right of these groups [ refugees ] to move to the West Bank and Gaza Strip would have to be established through negotiations … It is unrealistic to assume that all the Palestinians currently living in the Arab states , whether still in refugee camps or integrated into their host society , could or would want to return to a West Bank-Gaza Palestinian state .
even this would be conditional and limited : ‘ the right of these groups [ refugees ] to move to the west bank and gaza strip would have to be established through negotiations … it is unrealistic to assume that all the palestinians [now] living in the arab states , whether still in refugee camps or integrated into their host society , could or would want to return to a west bank-gaza palestinian state .

Currently a substantial proportion of Jordanian Palestinians seek a living as migrant workers elsewhere , overwhelmingly in the Gulf states .
[now] a substantial proportion of jordanian palestinians seek a living as migrant workers elsewhere , overwhelmingly in the gulf states .

Consequently , in spite of the currently tolerable situation , the outlook is economically unsatisfactory for East Bank Palestinians .
consequently , in spite of the [now] tolerable situation , the outlook is economically unsatisfactory for east bank palestinians .

Such factors are to do with where the refugees currently find themselves , not with the urge to return to Palestine .
such factors are to do with where the refugees [now] find themselves , not with the urge to return to palestine .

The event commenced with Lorna entertaining the ladies on the terrace , currently with her plans for a flower border around the pool , while the men retired to the library with Robert for Scotch and business talk .
the event commenced with lorna entertaining the ladies on the terrace , [now] with her plans for a flower border around the pool , while the men retired to the library with robert for scotch and business talk .

This is only currently being undertaken in certain parts of Westminster .
this is only [now] being undertaken in certain parts of westminster .

With Brando and Dean mumbling their way through the currently most talked about pictures , it was very much in vogue , passionately discussed and used among the younger actors .
with brando and dean mumbling their way through the [now] most talked about pictures , it was very much in vogue , passionately discussed and used among the younger actors .

Table 8 : Children by age and where currently living 1979 and 1985 , Great Britain
table 8 : children by age and where [now] living 1979 and 1985 , great britain

Currently very few people enter old age as divorcees .
[now] very few people enter old age as divorcees .

While this would be possible , it would be hard to protect such rights in any great detail through , for example , some form of constitutional entrenchment since the standard of these rights depends very much on the state of the economy and on demographic factors such as the numbers of elderly in the population ( currently increasing greatly ) and the number of children and the size of the working population .
while this would be possible , it would be hard to protect such rights in any great detail through , for example , some form of constitutional entrenchment since the standard of these rights depends very much on the state of the economy and on demographic factors such as the numbers of elderly in the population ( [now] increasing greatly ) and the number of children and the size of the working population .

In the regions , and in Scotland and Wales , there are nightly regional news bulletins and a number of parliamentary or political programmes ; further extensions are currently being planned .
in the regions , and in scotland and wales , there are nightly regional news bulletins and a number of parliamentary or political programmes ; further extensions are [now] being planned .

Currently Jonathan has clients from Dubai , Venezuela , Hong Kong and Miami , as well as the British-based , on his books , and a tour around the little harbours of Looe , Fowey and St Mawes with fishing boats bobbing in the deep blue waters , or a ride through the tiny villages on high-banked , well-surfaced , empty country roads , makes it easy to see why Cornwall and East Devon are prime targets for relocation .
[now] jonathan has clients from dubai , venezuela , hong kong and miami , as well as the british-based , on his books , and a tour around the little harbours of looe , fowey and st mawes with fishing boats bobbing in the deep blue waters , or a ride through the tiny villages on high-banked , well-surfaced , empty country roads , makes it easy to see why cornwall and east devon are prime targets for relocation .

The Pride of Kent is currently being ‘ stretched ’ ; Pride of Bruges is a smaller ship .
the pride of kent is [now] being ‘ stretched ’ ; pride of bruges is a smaller ship .

Among the departed is financial services analyst Richard Furlong , who also currently appears in the election pamphlet of Anne Holmes , Labour candidate for Kensington , endorsing her policies .
among the departed is financial services analyst richard furlong , who also [now] appears in the election pamphlet of anne holmes , labour candidate for kensington , endorsing her policies .

Currently black leather jeans , jerkins and men 's frilly shirts are selling .
[now] black leather jeans , jerkins and men 's frilly shirts are selling .

The Government has recently accepted a recommendation by the British Association of Accident and Emergency Medicine for a doubling in the number of trained consultants , currently 216 , but it will take 10 years before they are all in place .
the government has recently accepted a recommendation by the british association of accident and emergency medicine for a doubling in the number of trained consultants , [now] 216 , but it will take 10 years before they are all in place .

Currently wages are rising by about 7.5 p.c .
[now] wages are rising by about 7.5 p.c .

The great Morrissey is currently putting the finishing touches to his new solo album , and a single engagingly entitled We Hate It When Our Friends Become Successful will be in the stores about the same time as Johnny Rogan 's book .
the great morrissey is [now] putting the finishing touches to his new solo album , and a single engagingly entitled we hate it when our friends become successful will be in the stores about the same time as johnny rogan 's book .

Recent years have seen him broaden his horizons : he currently presents Metro , the London Weekend arts programme ; he wrote songs for Caryl Churchill 's Serious Money ; and established a career as an actor , appearing in Jim Cartwright 's Road and Peter Greenaway 's The Cook , The Thief , His Wife And Her Lover .
recent years have seen him broaden his horizons : he [now] presents metro , the london weekend arts programme ; he wrote songs for caryl churchill 's serious money ; and established a career as an actor , appearing in jim cartwright 's road and peter greenaway 's the cook , the thief , his wife and her lover .

Astigmatism , distorted vision caused by an irregularly shaped cornea , is currently a limiting factor .
astigmatism , distorted vision caused by an irregularly shaped cornea , is [now] a limiting factor .

Apparently the green movement is worried that the rind may carry pesticides ; a new generation of beer purists dislike the lemon ; and it does not go so well with the heavily sedimented style currently favoured .
apparently the green movement is worried that the rind may carry pesticides ; a new generation of beer purists dislike the lemon ; and it does not go so well with the heavily sedimented style [now] favoured .

Similar confidence in hops extraction is currently running high in today 's brewing industry as the range of hop products and their application increases .
similar confidence in hops extraction is [now] running high in today 's brewing industry as the range of hop products and their application increases .

Among the expected bidders is David Bruce himself , founder of the Firkin concept and currently running two Hedgehog and Hogshead pubs in Hove and Southampton .
among the expected bidders is david bruce himself , founder of the firkin concept and [now] running two hedgehog and hogshead pubs in hove and southampton .

The shares are currently at only a third of the 120p high they once reached .
the shares are [now] at only a third of the 120p high they once reached .

But four main factors are singled out by Chris Green for the currently greatly improved outlook : the record investment currently being made , at the end of 1989 amounting to an astonishing million pounds a day ; the success of the Networker train whose carriages in 1989 were being delivered at the rate of one a day ; the enormous level of London station development both enhancing the environment ( who at the start of the 1980s would have thought of treating a terminus as a shopping precinct ? )
but four main factors are singled out by chris green for the [now] greatly improved outlook : the record investment [now] being made , at the end of 1989 amounting to an astonishing million pounds a day ; the success of the networker train whose carriages in 1989 were being delivered at the rate of one a day ; the enormous level of london station development both enhancing the environment ( who at the start of the 1980s would have thought of treating a terminus as a shopping precinct ? )

Inevitably , these negotiations take time but we are currently contacting various radio and television companies and will keep you involved in the identification of key issues for coverage in your area .
inevitably , these negotiations take time but we are [now] contacting various radio and television companies and will keep you involved in the identification of key issues for coverage in your area .

It is also currently developing devotional material for use in residential homes .
it is also [now] developing devotional material for use in residential homes .

The actress , currently appearing in Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell , said the woman claimed to live in Kent .
the actress , [now] appearing in jeffrey bernard is unwell , said the woman claimed to live in kent .

He was named Massino — Max for short — and is currently ‘ number one ’ canine in Sinitta 's life .
he was named massino — max for short — and is [now] ‘ number one ’ canine in sinitta 's life .

The breed is currently undergoing a backlash of adverse publicity in light of the Government 's ban on ‘ aggressive ’ dogs , such as the American Pit Bull Terrier and Japanese Tosa .
the breed is [now] undergoing a backlash of adverse publicity in light of the government 's ban on ‘ aggressive ’ dogs , such as the american pit bull terrier and japanese tosa .

The anonymous person who did it does not have the respect of the locals currently active on the scene and the bolt will , in all probability , be replaced .
the anonymous person who did it does not have the respect of the locals [now] active on the scene and the bolt will , in all probability , be replaced .

Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution is now the custodian of national standards on emissions from such plants , of which Britain currently has three .
her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution is now the custodian of national standards on emissions from such plants , of which britain [now] has three .

Five more incinerators currently proposed in various parts of the country will double capacity .
five more incinerators [now] proposed in various parts of the country will double capacity .

Anxieties which are currently felt most acutely by those living near destruction plants themselves may not always remain so localised .
anxieties which are [now] felt most acutely by those living near destruction plants themselves may not always remain so localised .

Equations can be evaluated with an ‘ equation preview ’ option which provides a calculator-like evaluation process based on the equation currently being reviewed .
equations can be evaluated with an ‘ equation preview ’ option which provides a calculator-like evaluation process based on the equation [now] being reviewed .

The council 's fund established after Mr Ridley blocked the deals to pay back any losses is currently less than £20m .
the council 's fund established after mr ridley blocked the deals to pay back any losses is [now] less than £20m .

The idea of ‘ revolution ’ can set the pulses racing , for a time at least , and in 1980 it was invoked by Catherine Belsey : ‘ Only by closing the doors of the English department against theoretical challenges from outside can we continue to ignore the ‘ Copernican ' ’ revolution which is currently taking place , and which is radically undermining traditional ways of perceiving both the world and the text .
the idea of ‘ revolution ’ can set the pulses racing , for a time at least , and in 1980 it was invoked by catherine belsey : ‘ only by closing the doors of the english department against theoretical challenges from outside can we continue to ignore the ‘ copernican ' ’ revolution which is [now] taking place , and which is radically undermining traditional ways of perceiving both the world and the text .

In practice , though , in terms of what people are currently interested in , a diachronic model is needed .
in practice , though , in terms of what people are [now] interested in , a diachronic model is needed .

From the point of view of those who are currently in charge of higher education , English must be an awkward subject .
from the point of view of those who are [now] in charge of higher education , english must be an awkward subject .

In a related development , the government has recently decided to approve the setting up of a ‘ national airline ’ and is currently thinking about who should own it .
in a related development , the government has recently decided to approve the setting up of a ‘ national airline ’ and is [now] thinking about who should own it .

Even now , and though the events of June triggered a brief period of reappraisal , the British still seem besotted by their vision of China as a billion-strong market for their goods and services — and either unaware , or unimpressed , that their exports to Hong Kong itself are currently worth three times as much as those to its northern neighbour .
even now , and though the events of june triggered a brief period of reappraisal , the british still seem besotted by their vision of china as a billion-strong market for their goods and services — and either unaware , or unimpressed , that their exports to hong kong itself are [now] worth three times as much as those to its northern neighbour .

But fresh controversy arose after the Scottish Office said discussions with industry indicated that the tolls would , at most , be no more than ferry fares — currently £3.80 for a car .
but fresh controversy arose after the scottish office said discussions with industry indicated that the tolls would , at most , be no more than ferry fares — [now] £3.80 for a car .

McGeechan believes that Sole has set standards of performance with his pace and mobility in the loose which only a handful of British players , such as Brian Moore of England , are currently emulating .
mcgeechan believes that sole has set standards of performance with his pace and mobility in the loose which only a handful of british players , such as brian moore of england , are [now] emulating .

Currently the club lie eighth with matches in hand .
[now] the club lie eighth with matches in hand .

Currently the club lie eighth with matches in hand .
[now] the club lie eighth with matches in hand .

City are currently bottom of the First Division and Kendall spoke realistically about the task ahead .
city are [now] bottom of the first division and kendall spoke realistically about the task ahead .

City are currently bottom of the First Division and Kendall spoke realistically about the task ahead .
city are [now] bottom of the first division and kendall spoke realistically about the task ahead .

The project is currently awaiting a green light from the government in Brasilia — which , aware of the need to counteract a reputation as the world 's ecological villain has given it a favourable hearing .
the project is [now] awaiting a green light from the government in brasilia — which , aware of the need to counteract a reputation as the world 's ecological villain has given it a favourable hearing .

However , the navy and many MPs are likely to oppose Mr Kaifu 's plan , currently the government 's official position , when next year 's budget comes before parliament on the grounds that it is too expensive .
however , the navy and many mps are likely to oppose mr kaifu 's plan , [now] the government 's official position , when next year 's budget comes before parliament on the grounds that it is too expensive .

Mr Bond is desperate for the deal to stand , since Bell Resources is crucial to his A$2.5billion brewery deal with New Zealand 's Lion Nathan which may underpin a debt restructuring plan for his entire media , property and brewing group , currently labouring to reduce around A$8billion of debts .
mr bond is desperate for the deal to stand , since bell resources is crucial to his a$2.5billion brewery deal with new zealand 's lion nathan which may underpin a debt restructuring plan for his entire media , property and brewing group , [now] labouring to reduce around a$8billion of debts .

He is currently preparing a plan to unlock more working capital by the New Year .
he is [now] preparing a plan to unlock more working capital by the new year .

The parent company , Racal Electronics , is currently valued at £3.1billion , as the table shows , while Racal telecom , the Vodafone company , is valued at £4billion .
the parent company , racal electronics , is [now] valued at £3.1billion , as the table shows , while racal telecom , the vodafone company , is valued at £4billion .

The scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .
the scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , [now] £54.80 a week .

Although no incentive frills are attached to a National Savings Investment Account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .
although no incentive frills are attached to a national savings investment account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( [now] 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .

The Sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .
the sheffield , for example , [now] offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .

Currently it stands just above $ 400 an ounce having tumbled in May this year to its lowest level since August 1986 .
[now] it stands just above $ 400 an ounce having tumbled in may this year to its lowest level since august 1986 .

The pollution inspectorate , which is expected to oversee the process , is currently understaffed and personnel are suffering from low morale .
the pollution inspectorate , which is expected to oversee the process , is [now] understaffed and personnel are suffering from low morale .

Home Office ministers and officials are currently wooing judges and magistrates to the new approach .
home office ministers and officials are [now] wooing judges and magistrates to the new approach .

However , the Italians , currently running an enormous budget deficit , may not be happy with constraints on fiscal policy , while the less-developed nations will want structural reforms to ensure that the major economies do not cream off all the benefits .
however , the italians , [now] running an enormous budget deficit , may not be happy with constraints on fiscal policy , while the less-developed nations will want structural reforms to ensure that the major economies do not cream off all the benefits .

Turnover on a like-for-like basis is currently ahead of last year .
turnover on a like-for-like basis is [now] ahead of last year .

The management has been restructured and refocused with responsibilities clearly defined , the annual cost base of the business has been reduced by some £280,000 , and marketing plans are currently being put in place for next year .
the management has been restructured and refocused with responsibilities clearly defined , the annual cost base of the business has been reduced by some £280,000 , and marketing plans are [now] being put in place for next year .

The scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .
the scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , [now] £54.80 a week .

Although no incentive frills are attached to a National Savings Investment Account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .
although no incentive frills are attached to a national savings investment account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( [now] 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .

The Sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .
the sheffield , for example , [now] offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .

Although no incentive frills are attached to a National Savings Investment Account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .
although no incentive frills are attached to a national savings investment account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( [now] 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .

The Sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .
the sheffield , for example , [now] offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .

Currently it stands just above $ 400 an ounce having tumbled in May this year to its lowest level since August 1986 .
[now] it stands just above $ 400 an ounce having tumbled in may this year to its lowest level since august 1986 .

Currently it stands just above $ 400 an ounce having tumbled in May this year to its lowest level since August 1986 .
[now] it stands just above $ 400 an ounce having tumbled in may this year to its lowest level since august 1986 .

The move is seen as a way of helping to get the Argentinian privatisation programme off the ground and to make some inroads into the country 's foreign debt , which currently totals some $60billion .
the move is seen as a way of helping to get the argentinian privatisation programme off the ground and to make some inroads into the country 's foreign debt , which [now] totals some $60billion .

Midland has currently made provisions against just over 50 per cent of its South American debt exposure , in line with Bank of England guidelines .
midland has [now] made provisions against just over 50 per cent of its south american debt exposure , in line with bank of england guidelines .

Turner has been offered employment by the company of Newport 's new coach , Gareth Evans , at a better salary than he currently enjoys .
turner has been offered employment by the company of newport 's new coach , gareth evans , at a better salary than he [now] enjoys .

Under the bill , many cases now dealt with by the High Court will be moved down to the county courts , currently plagued by staff shortages and a backlog of work .
under the bill , many cases now dealt with by the high court will be moved down to the county courts , [now] plagued by staff shortages and a backlog of work .

Fortunately their future has at last been settled and work is currently under way converting the mill into council offices .
fortunately their future has at last been settled and work is [now] under way converting the mill into council offices .

The recipes and procedures currently in use are much the same as those used by Thomas Arkell in 1865 .
the recipes and procedures [now] in use are much the same as those used by thomas arkell in 1865 .

There were a lot of holiday-makers currently in Heymouth , as it was an extremely popular resort .
there were a lot of holiday-makers [now] in heymouth , as it was an extremely popular resort .

There will also be parents who are dissatisfied with the school which their children currently attend and will be looking for an alternative .
there will also be parents who are dissatisfied with the school which their children [now] attend and will be looking for an alternative .

Labour , for example , whose position was voiced by shadow education secretary Jack Straw , was correct to complain that Britain currently invests considerably less in its research base than most of our industrial competitors .
labour , for example , whose position was voiced by shadow education secretary jack straw , was correct to complain that britain [now] invests considerably less in its research base than most of our industrial competitors .

It will use a similar technique to that currently being used by a Japanese group , which is monitoring solar neutrino reactions with water .
it will use a similar technique to that [now] being used by a japanese group , which is monitoring solar neutrino reactions with water .

Some of the world 's most important aquifers are currently affected by this problem .
some of the world 's most important aquifers are [now] affected by this problem .

Simply using energy and fuel efficiently could stop us releasing much of the carbon dioxide we currently emit .
simply using energy and fuel efficiently could stop us releasing much of the carbon dioxide we [now] emit .

Cars , trucks , planes and boats currently contribute more than a quarter of the annual greenhouse gases worldwide , a percentage that is likely to increase .
cars , trucks , planes and boats [now] contribute more than a quarter of the annual greenhouse gases worldwide , a percentage that is likely to increase .

If consumers adopt energy-efficient equipment currently in the research and design stage as well , Sweden can meet its electricity needs with 96 TWh by 2010 — a drop in power requirements of a third .
if consumers adopt energy-efficient equipment [now] in the research and design stage as well , sweden can meet its electricity needs with 96 twh by 2010 — a drop in power requirements of a third .

In May this year David Trippier , Minister for the Environment and Countryside , visited a few of the many Trust projects currently under way in the Lake District .
in may this year david trippier , minister for the environment and countryside , visited a few of the many trust projects [now] under way in the lake district .

Yet it is known that between one third and one half of mentally handicapped people currently resident in mental handicap hospitals should not be in hospital and could be either immediately discharged or discharged after a short period of training .
yet it is known that between one third and one half of mentally handicapped people [now] resident in mental handicap hospitals should not be in hospital and could be either immediately discharged or discharged after a short period of training .

What form should these services take , and to what extent are these needs currently being met ?
what form should these services take , and to what extent are these needs [now] being met ?

As the tests currently available occur well into the pregnancy period , this raises important moral and ethical issues , especially as a large proportion of parents are opposed to abortion on any grounds .
as the tests [now] available occur well into the pregnancy period , this raises important moral and ethical issues , especially as a large proportion of parents are opposed to abortion on any grounds .

The medical tests currently available for the detection of mental — and indeed physical — handicap are limited , both in their application and availability .
the medical tests [now] available for the detection of mental — and indeed physical — handicap are limited , both in their application and availability .

This is the main form of test currently being used to detect handicap in the unborn .
this is the main form of test [now] being used to detect handicap in the unborn .

At present the latest permissible time for legal abortion is 28 weeks , but by 20 weeks , the foetus is well formed , and currently doctors and gynaecologists are moving towards the idea of cutting the legal limit for termination from 28 to 24 weeks .
at present the latest permissible time for legal abortion is 28 weeks , but by 20 weeks , the foetus is well formed , and [now] doctors and gynaecologists are moving towards the idea of cutting the legal limit for termination from 28 to 24 weeks .

At present , the concern is to identify serious and crippling illnesses and diseases , but the chromosomal examinations will be able to identify the presence of Down 's Syndrome and other abnormalities currently identified by amniocentesis .
at present , the concern is to identify serious and crippling illnesses and diseases , but the chromosomal examinations will be able to identify the presence of down 's syndrome and other abnormalities [now] identified by amniocentesis .

Given the emphasis currently being placed on the role that schools should be playing , by providing a more socially relevant curriculum , more student-centred learning and a less alienating environment so as to prevent truancy , it is clearly important that education becomes the focus of any intervention .
given the emphasis [now] being placed on the role that schools should be playing , by providing a more socially relevant curriculum , more student-centred learning and a less alienating environment so as to prevent truancy , it is clearly important that education becomes the focus of any intervention .

Anti-discrimination measures are , of course , reflective of liberal values , many of which are in fact currently under attack .
anti-discrimination measures are , of course , reflective of liberal values , many of which are in fact [now] under attack .

1 ) establish who is responsible for reinforcing the existing law on sale of tobacco products to children 2 ) increase fines for retailers 3 ) restrict vending machines to over-18s premises 4 ) seek to phase out tobacco-sponsored sports coverage over the next 5 years 5 ) increase the amount spent by the tobacco industry on prevention ( currently 1% )
1 ) establish who is responsible for reinforcing the existing law on sale of tobacco products to children 2 ) increase fines for retailers 3 ) restrict vending machines to over-18s premises 4 ) seek to phase out tobacco-sponsored sports coverage over the next 5 years 5 ) increase the amount spent by the tobacco industry on prevention ( [now] 1% )

We are to imagine a situation in which the State provides all the services it currently provides , let us say roads and a sewerage system , free education and a free health service , social security and unemployment benefits and the like .
we are to imagine a situation in which the state provides all the services it [now] provides , let us say roads and a sewerage system , free education and a free health service , social security and unemployment benefits and the like .

When the uranium fuel has finished its useful life producing electricity inside Britain 's thirty-odd currently operating commercial reactors , it can not simply be disposed of .
when the uranium fuel has finished its useful life producing electricity inside britain 's thirty-odd [now] operating commercial reactors , it can not simply be disposed of .

Forestry interests currently own more than forty Caithness and East Sutherland trout lochs . What will become of them ? Will they too be sold to the highest bidder , regardless of the interests of local people ?
forestry interests [now] own more than forty caithness and east sutherland trout lochs . what will become of them ? will they too be sold to the highest bidder , regardless of the interests of local people ?

This is what the Englishness of England is made of , and it is this sense of place and the particular which we are currently in danger of losing , just as we come to understand it more clearly .
this is what the englishness of england is made of , and it is this sense of place and the particular which we are [now] in danger of losing , just as we come to understand it more clearly .

Our knowledge of graded tests comes from modern languages , where tests have been in use for more than a decade ; from mathematics , where two sets of tests are currently in use ; from science ; and from the long-established Associated Board Examinations in music , dancing , and spoken English , or recitation .
our knowledge of graded tests comes from modern languages , where tests have been in use for more than a decade ; from mathematics , where two sets of tests are [now] in use ; from science ; and from the long-established associated board examinations in music , dancing , and spoken english , or recitation .

The concept of sex , its nature and quality , is currently under systematic and meticulous examination by medical scientists .
the concept of sex , its nature and quality , is [now] under systematic and meticulous examination by medical scientists .

The small size of the Southampton ground is a limiting factor for Hampshire which is currently thwarted in its development objectives by unsolved problems concerning a proposed move .
the small size of the southampton ground is a limiting factor for hampshire which is [now] thwarted in its development objectives by unsolved problems concerning a proposed move .

At the time of writing , ( Spring 1989 ) , personal tax and benefits are currently as follows :
at the time of writing , ( spring 1989 ) , personal tax and benefits are [now] as follows :

Currently he is celebrating the revival , renewal , resurgence , restoration , in short , the revitalisation of Welsh rugby fortunes after that overwhelming triumph — a single-point victory in Dublin .
[now] he is celebrating the revival , renewal , resurgence , restoration , in short , the revitalisation of welsh rugby fortunes after that overwhelming triumph — a single-point victory in dublin .

This procedure is currently adopted in families in which male but not female children have a 50 per cent chance of being afflicted by a serious disease , such as muscular dystrophy .
this procedure is [now] adopted in families in which male but not female children have a 50 per cent chance of being afflicted by a serious disease , such as muscular dystrophy .

( The Museum is currently closed for structural repairs ) .
( the museum is [now] closed for structural repairs ) .

English Heritage is dedicated to preserving it all , not just the properties we currently manage .
english heritage is dedicated to preserving it all , not just the properties we [now] manage .

English Heritage is dedicated to preserving it all , not just the properties we currently manage .
english heritage is dedicated to preserving it all , not just the properties we [now] manage .

The gardens are currently undergoing restoration .
the gardens are [now] undergoing restoration .

Currently 95 per cent of it is buried in landfill sites at an annual average of half a tonne of rubbish per household .
[now] 95 per cent of it is buried in landfill sites at an annual average of half a tonne of rubbish per household .

The Hazardous Waste Inspectorate assessed that 60 per cent of the landfill sites currently active for hazardous waste generated gas in sufficient quantity to warrant careful monitoring .
the hazardous waste inspectorate assessed that 60 per cent of the landfill sites [now] active for hazardous waste generated gas in sufficient quantity to warrant careful monitoring .

Will the world 's 4,589 species currently under threat become as dead as dodos ?
will the world 's 4,589 species [now] under threat become as dead as dodos ?

support a continued moratorium on hunting the great whales , and push for a similar body to the International Whaling Commission to take responsibility for the 66 small cetaceans currently unprotected
support a continued moratorium on hunting the great whales , and push for a similar body to the international whaling commission to take responsibility for the 66 small cetaceans [now] unprotected

The ludicrous situation currently exists that , if a National Park does reject a fish farm application , it has to pay compensation to the farmer .
the ludicrous situation [now] exists that , if a national park does reject a fish farm application , it has to pay compensation to the farmer .

But if you are currently aching to play our exciting , educational , fun-for-all-the-family boardgame , Landslide ( order an extra copy now for your friend or household pet ! )
but if you are [now] aching to play our exciting , educational , fun-for-all-the-family boardgame , landslide ( order an extra copy now for your friend or household pet ! )

How many married couples are there currently sitting as MPs in the House of Commons ?
how many married couples are there [now] sitting as mps in the house of commons ?

Who is currently Father of the House ?
who is [now] father of the house ?

Recently produced figures on British Urban Development Corporation expenditure highlight precisely what a small fraction of budgets are currently spent on community projects as opposed to economic initiatives .
recently produced figures on british urban development corporation expenditure highlight precisely what a small fraction of budgets are [now] spent on community projects as opposed to economic initiatives .

But it is in the tension between conceptual confusion and social reality that it is possible to expose some of the assumptions that inform policy and some of the hidden agendas that are currently structuring the life chances of subordinated communities .
but it is in the tension between conceptual confusion and social reality that it is possible to expose some of the assumptions that inform policy and some of the hidden agendas that are [now] structuring the life chances of subordinated communities .

Still only 24 , he was currently campaigning in the Low Countries , but once the allied army on the Continent had gone into winter quarters he was brought home and his arrival in England , on 19 October , caused morale to soar .
still only 24 , he was [now] campaigning in the low countries , but once the allied army on the continent had gone into winter quarters he was brought home and his arrival in england , on 19 october , caused morale to soar .

Simpson , currently managing director at Bourjois , part of Chanel , confirms he will fill the position at Christian Dior .
simpson , [now] managing director at bourjois , part of chanel , confirms he will fill the position at christian dior .

Suppose in fact that they can only estimate accurately the total and average cost of the output level the firm is currently producing .
suppose in fact that they can only estimate accurately the total and average cost of the output level the firm is [now] producing .

Consider an economy in which there has been no inflation in the recent past ( so that none is currently expected ) and in which the unemployment percentage is at its natural level .
consider an economy in which there has been no inflation in the recent past ( so that none is [now] expected ) and in which the unemployment percentage is at its natural level .

Eight are currently on the British register .
eight are [now] on the british register .

Perhaps the cutbacks in staffing that many libraries are currently experiencing will finally provide the ‘ outside stimulus ’ that Edwards felt would be necessary to alter this situation , in the sense of accelerating a move away from equating a ‘ formal ’ or planned training programme , with any particular method of training .
perhaps the cutbacks in staffing that many libraries are [now] experiencing will finally provide the ‘ outside stimulus ’ that edwards felt would be necessary to alter this situation , in the sense of accelerating a move away from equating a ‘ formal ’ or planned training programme , with any particular method of training .

For professional staff , qualification courses form a minority of the programmes undertaken , though suggested changes in routes to Fellowship currently being debated , may alter the balance of qualification-related/non-qualification training .
for professional staff , qualification courses form a minority of the programmes undertaken , though suggested changes in routes to fellowship [now] being debated , may alter the balance of qualification-related/non-qualification training .

‘ Reinstatement of full-time post of training officer — currently frozen due to financial restrictions ’ . ( Northern Ireland authority )
‘ reinstatement of full-time post of training officer — [now] frozen due to financial restrictions ’ . ( northern ireland authority )

‘ Our extensive training available to staff is currently under review , so that it meets the needs of the organisation , library users and staff .
‘ our extensive training available to staff is [now] under review , so that it meets the needs of the organisation , library users and staff .

They may well be the best , or only currently available method of satisfying some needs on some occasions , but of course no method is inherently good in every situation .
they may well be the best , or only [now] available method of satisfying some needs on some occasions , but of course no method is inherently good in every situation .

Library training co-operatives can undertake to fulfil , at little direct cost , many of the objectives currently fulfilled by external courses — for example , offering staff the chance to meet and exchange views with staff working for other authorities or in different types of libraries ; encouraging professional awareness and commitment to professional values — two of the indirect objectives that are sometimes thought of as the ‘ real ’ value of external course attendance .
library training co-operatives can undertake to fulfil , at little direct cost , many of the objectives [now] fulfilled by external courses — for example , offering staff the chance to meet and exchange views with staff working for other authorities or in different types of libraries ; encouraging professional awareness and commitment to professional values — two of the indirect objectives that are sometimes thought of as the ‘ real ’ value of external course attendance .

It is apparent that there is considerable , if still tentative , interest in initiating and pursuing co-operative training ventures ; and that their potential for satisfying many of the objectives currently being met ( adequately or inadequately ) by external courses has barely been harnessed .
it is apparent that there is considerable , if still tentative , interest in initiating and pursuing co-operative training ventures ; and that their potential for satisfying many of the objectives [now] being met ( adequately or inadequately ) by external courses has barely been harnessed .

Most of the resources examined , currently devoted to training , are concentrated in a minority of authorities .
most of the resources examined , [now] devoted to training , are concentrated in a minority of authorities .

Currently , external course assessment is carried out either by the organization providing the course , or by individual users for the benefit of their own authorities .
[now] , external course assessment is carried out either by the organization providing the course , or by individual users for the benefit of their own authorities .

To my knowledge there are currently four different makes of locator available .
to my knowledge there are [now] four different makes of locator available .

But other currently held open will be filled .
but other [now] held open will be filled .

In day to day terms , Convocation involves itself int he life and work of the University through its Chairman ( currently Dr Derek Zutshi ) and its committee .
in day to day terms , convocation involves itself int he life and work of the university through its chairman ( [now] dr derek zutshi ) and its committee .

Convocation is currently building up a database of the skills , expertise and experience of its members so that advice across a wide front of issues can be readily available .
convocation is [now] building up a database of the skills , expertise and experience of its members so that advice across a wide front of issues can be readily available .

Rohit Barot 's pamphlet , Bristol and the Indian Independence Movement , has a particular contemporary relevance as there is currently a campaign among the Indian community in the city for a statue to be erected to the remarkable Indian reformer , Raja Rammoham Roy , who died in Bristol in 1833 .
rohit barot 's pamphlet , bristol and the indian independence movement , has a particular contemporary relevance as there is [now] a campaign among the indian community in the city for a statue to be erected to the remarkable indian reformer , raja rammoham roy , who died in bristol in 1833 .

The memoirs of one Señor Tony Sanchez , an erstwhile personal security adviser to members of the Rolling Stones , a once-popular beat ensemble , are currently being serialised in a periodical .
the memoirs of one señor tony sanchez , an erstwhile personal security adviser to members of the rolling stones , a once-popular beat ensemble , are [now] being serialised in a periodical .

It is for this reason we currently have the ludicrous situation of two record fish lists , one run by the National Anglers Council , which is a record of fish that were claimed in accordance with a set of inflexible rules , and one that is run by the National Association of Specialist Anglers , whose record fish appear according to individual merit , this merit being judged by highly experienced specialist anglers who know a ‘ con ’ when they see one and who would reject a claim if there were any doubt as to its truth .
it is for this reason we [now] have the ludicrous situation of two record fish lists , one run by the national anglers council , which is a record of fish that were claimed in accordance with a set of inflexible rules , and one that is run by the national association of specialist anglers , whose record fish appear according to individual merit , this merit being judged by highly experienced specialist anglers who know a ‘ con ’ when they see one and who would reject a claim if there were any doubt as to its truth .

Her previous publications have addressed family care and community care in relation to older people and she is currently researching alternative forms of long term care for this group .
her previous publications have addressed family care and community care in relation to older people and she is [now] researching alternative forms of long term care for this group .

The risk factors for osteoporosis are well known , yet despite its prevalence — perhaps 25 per cent of women are at risk of osteoporotic fractures — and the severe consequences of such fractures , little priority is currently attached to developing preventive and screening approaches to this condition .
the risk factors for osteoporosis are well known , yet despite its prevalence — perhaps 25 per cent of women are at risk of osteoporotic fractures — and the severe consequences of such fractures , little priority is [now] attached to developing preventive and screening approaches to this condition .

He is currently engaged in research studies on the social care of elderly people and the employment of older workers .
he is [now] engaged in research studies on the social care of elderly people and the employment of older workers .

Nationally determined upper limits for board and lodging payments for physically disabled people in residential care homes are currently £60 higher than for older people .
nationally determined upper limits for board and lodging payments for physically disabled people in residential care homes are [now] £60 higher than for older people .

Responding to the needs of people who live on their own — and some 36 per cent of people over 65 do — could increase sales on many items , notably food items , which rarely attract single householders because the goods are currently only available in large , wasteful quantities unless they are convenience foods .
responding to the needs of people who live on their own — and some 36 per cent of people over 65 do — could increase sales on many items , notably food items , which rarely attract single householders because the goods are [now] only available in large , wasteful quantities unless they are convenience foods .

notes about my spiritual journey — things that are currently concerning me , challenging me , strengthening me .
notes about my spiritual journey — things that are [now] concerning me , challenging me , strengthening me .

Would some kind of spiritual direction be an enrichment to me currently ?
would some kind of spiritual direction be an enrichment to me [now] ?

It 's not hard to see why they 're currently top of the Local Artists Chart .
it 's not hard to see why they 're [now] top of the local artists chart .

Currently the players , who all come from Surrey and Hampshire , are preparing a summer concert which will include four Vivaldi concertos as well as works by Mozart , Tchaikovsky and Debussy .
[now] the players , who all come from surrey and hampshire , are preparing a summer concert which will include four vivaldi concertos as well as works by mozart , tchaikovsky and debussy .

What do Feel think of the dance craze which is currently dominating the singles charts ?
what do feel think of the dance craze which is [now] dominating the singles charts ?

Pet Plan , who currently insure over 325,000 animals , are giving away 100 Pet Value policies — which will be presented by the rescue charities to selected members of the public who adopt one of their animals during National Pet Week .
pet plan , who [now] insure over 325,000 animals , are giving away 100 pet value policies — which will be presented by the rescue charities to selected members of the public who adopt one of their animals during national pet week .

Mr. Clark is currently a member of the Department of Transport 's Landscape Advisory Committee .
mr. clark is [now] a member of the department of transport 's landscape advisory committee .

Librarians claimed that it was extremely difficult to predict a ‘ useful book ’ , in research terms , and that those who retained only titles which were currently in demand would create serious problems for future researchers .
librarians claimed that it was extremely difficult to predict a ‘ useful book ’ , in research terms , and that those who retained only titles which were [now] in demand would create serious problems for future researchers .

Workmen 's services also had to be provided under the agreement , and this is reflected currently by the early morning cars which are operated from 0500 each working day .
workmen 's services also had to be provided under the agreement , and this is reflected [now] by the early morning cars which are operated from 0500 each working day .

The platform staff are the most public of the Transport Department 's employees ; currently c. 400 are employed , augmented annually by 150 seasonal staff .
the platform staff are the most public of the transport department 's employees ; [now] c. 400 are employed , augmented annually by 150 seasonal staff .

the maximum amount of a week 's pay taken into account with effect from 1 April 1990 is £184 per week , but that figure is reviewed from time to time . The amount currently applicable should be checked with the Department of Employment ;
the maximum amount of a week 's pay taken into account with effect from 1 april 1990 is £184 per week , but that figure is reviewed from time to time . the amount [now] applicable should be checked with the department of employment ;

One possibility is to ignore the part of the award of damages which exceeds the amount exempt from tax under the ‘ golden handshake ’ rules , for instance by expressing the exempt amount ( currently £30,000 ) as an annual income over the unexpired period of the contract , estimating what the tax would be on that imaginary income and deducting that tax from the total compensation .
one possibility is to ignore the part of the award of damages which exceeds the amount exempt from tax under the ‘ golden handshake ’ rules , for instance by expressing the exempt amount ( [now] £30,000 ) as an annual income over the unexpired period of the contract , estimating what the tax would be on that imaginary income and deducting that tax from the total compensation .

Only a brief outline of the main points which currently affect business executives can be given here .
only a brief outline of the main points which [now] affect business executives can be given here .

The company , whose stock market value has doubled over the past year , is currently valued at about £9700m .
the company , whose stock market value has doubled over the past year , is [now] valued at about £9700m .

As currently constituted , Morton International consists of three businesses : Automotive Safety Products ; Salt ; and Specialty Chemicals .
as [now] constituted , morton international consists of three businesses : automotive safety products ; salt ; and specialty chemicals .

Currently , 350 experts working in specialist groups are preparing 300 new monographs , while continuing updating existing texts .
[now] , 350 experts working in specialist groups are preparing 300 new monographs , while continuing updating existing texts .

An enormous range of surfactants is currently available to the formulation chemist .
an enormous range of surfactants is [now] available to the formulation chemist .

There is currently no evidence that adequate antihypertensive therapy in diabetes improves prognosis .
there is [now] no evidence that adequate antihypertensive therapy in diabetes improves prognosis .

The recommendations currently include an increased quantity of unrefined or complex carbohydrate and cereal fibre with a reduction of total fat and salt .
the recommendations [now] include an increased quantity of unrefined or complex carbohydrate and cereal fibre with a reduction of total fat and salt .

Certainly two recent preliminary reports of prospective studies of currently available antiplatelet agents and the progression of vascular disease in diabetics have been disappointing ( Abraira et al , 1985 ; Kohner & Baudoin , 1985 ) .
certainly two recent preliminary reports of prospective studies of [now] available antiplatelet agents and the progression of vascular disease in diabetics have been disappointing ( abraira et al , 1985 ; kohner & baudoin , 1985 ) .

Bringing a group of patients together is a useful way of getting patients currently content with one injection a day to enquire why they are not having two injections a day as are the other patients they have met .
bringing a group of patients together is a useful way of getting patients [now] content with one injection a day to enquire why they are not having two injections a day as are the other patients they have met .

What cost-control methods currently exist ?
what cost-control methods [now] exist ?

Each activity was assessed in relation to the function that it could form part of , and whether a functional group currently existed that could be responsible for it .
each activity was assessed in relation to the function that it could form part of , and whether a functional group [now] existed that could be responsible for it .

The figure shows the nature of expenditure ( hospital running costs , capital expenditure , general practice expenditure ) and shows clearly the split which currently exists between the Hospital and Community Health Services ( on the left of the figure ) and the Family Practitioner Services ( on the right ) .
the figure shows the nature of expenditure ( hospital running costs , capital expenditure , general practice expenditure ) and shows clearly the split which [now] exists between the hospital and community health services ( on the left of the figure ) and the family practitioner services ( on the right ) .

We can then show the direct payments ( line –––– ) which are similar to those which are currently made although there are some differences .
we can then show the direct payments ( line –––– ) which are similar to those which are [now] made although there are some differences .

It is much more likely that the majority of assessments are currently undertaken either informally or indirectly .
it is much more likely that the majority of assessments are [now] undertaken either informally or indirectly .

The level of detail in this specification is currently not clear , and there are at present very few examples of contracts ( Drummond , Marchment & Crump , 1989 ; Central Birmingham Health Authority , 1989 , Department of Health , 1990 ) .
the level of detail in this specification is [now] not clear , and there are at present very few examples of contracts ( drummond , marchment & crump , 1989 ; central birmingham health authority , 1989 , department of health , 1990 ) .

Although an important feature of the contracting procedure , this is one where economic evaluation currently has little to offer .
although an important feature of the contracting procedure , this is one where economic evaluation [now] has little to offer .

Firstly , deep relaxation is used , then a tape is played giving new instructions and overriding the data currently present in the left side of the brain .
firstly , deep relaxation is used , then a tape is played giving new instructions and overriding the data [now] present in the left side of the brain .

But , while that event was the climax to date of Richard 's career with the Palace , he has been with us since his schoolboy days , for he is one of the products of the currently highly resourceful youth development programme at Selhurst Park , and his mature performances in defence earned Richard the Palace Young Player of the Year award in 1986 .
but , while that event was the climax to date of richard 's career with the palace , he has been with us since his schoolboy days , for he is one of the products of the [now] highly resourceful youth development programme at selhurst park , and his mature performances in defence earned richard the palace young player of the year award in 1986 .

The Zoological Gardens are currently being re-developed into one of the most modern in Europe , and now attract more visitors than ever before .
the zoological gardens are [now] being re-developed into one of the most modern in europe , and now attract more visitors than ever before .

Work here , we are told , should proceed ‘ on the basis of the information currently available , with modifications being made as necessary , as further details emerge .
work here , we are told , should proceed ‘ on the basis of the information [now] available , with modifications being made as necessary , as further details emerge .

Many schools find , on investigation , that much of the maths or English currently in the curriculum ( for example ) fits fairly into the programmes of study .
many schools find , on investigation , that much of the maths or english [now] in the curriculum ( for example ) fits fairly into the programmes of study .

One school is currently developing an activity recording system .
one school is [now] developing an activity recording system .

If the rate remains at the current rate of 25 % ( which is currently equal to the basic rate of Income Tax ) the benefit will be as outlined in the Introduction .
if the rate remains at the current rate of 25 % ( which is [now] equal to the basic rate of income tax ) the benefit will be as outlined in the introduction .

The aim of this chapter is merely to draw the attention of the reader to some of the main methods of odour abatement currently available , bearing in mind that successful abatement may require a combination of the methods described below .
the aim of this chapter is merely to draw the attention of the reader to some of the main methods of odour abatement [now] available , bearing in mind that successful abatement may require a combination of the methods described below .

Within the framework which we are currently developing ( an extension of the framework of Sanford & Garrod ( 1981 ; Garrod & Sanford 1982 ) a plural reference is possible if two ( or more ) atomic elements map into a common role-slot .
within the framework which we are [now] developing ( an extension of the framework of sanford & garrod ( 1981 ; garrod & sanford 1982 ) a plural reference is possible if two ( or more ) atomic elements map into a common role-slot .

The extent to which the process of privatization has involved major shifts to market provision at local level , then , should not be exaggerated , and public choice theory would suggest there is much more scope for the market provision of services currently handled through the state .
the extent to which the process of privatization has involved major shifts to market provision at local level , then , should not be exaggerated , and public choice theory would suggest there is much more scope for the market provision of services [now] handled through the state .

Parliament has less influence over such matters as it has either to depend on the Commission to incorporate its views into an amended proposal or to reject the Council 's common position on legislation by an absolute majority ( currently 260 votes from its 518 members ) .
parliament has less influence over such matters as it has either to depend on the commission to incorporate its views into an amended proposal or to reject the council 's common position on legislation by an absolute majority ( [now] 260 votes from its 518 members ) .

Familiarity with multilingual legal databases can provide up-to-date information not only on current legal rules but also on the course of legislation proposed by the Commission and currently pending before the Parliament or the Council .
familiarity with multilingual legal databases can provide up-to-date information not only on current legal rules but also on the course of legislation proposed by the commission and [now] pending before the parliament or the council .

The new European Company may well prove to be the Eurochicken into which EEIGs will hatch , if the Commission succeeds in its renewed efforts to overcome the various problems currently inhibiting its birth .
the new european company may well prove to be the eurochicken into which eeigs will hatch , if the commission succeeds in its renewed efforts to overcome the various problems [now] inhibiting its birth .

In a number of decisions , involving the Spanish oil refinery industry , the Commission took account of the fact that Spain was in the process of liberalising what was currently a highly regulated market .
in a number of decisions , involving the spanish oil refinery industry , the commission took account of the fact that spain was in the process of liberalising what was [now] a highly regulated market .

The currently applicable block exemption Regulation , issued by the Commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing conditions subject to certain conditions .
the [now] applicable block exemption regulation , issued by the commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing conditions subject to certain conditions .

The first concerned the licensing of premises used to store explosives such as bombs and rockets ; this is currently done manually and is very manpower intensive .
the first concerned the licensing of premises used to store explosives such as bombs and rockets ; this is [now] done manually and is very manpower intensive .

It is evident that better support to system and component failure diagnosis is currently required if problems of this nature are to be mitigated .
it is evident that better support to system and component failure diagnosis is [now] required if problems of this nature are to be mitigated .

Toolkits optimised for the construction of diagnostic expert systems are currently available .
toolkits optimised for the construction of diagnostic expert systems are [now] available .

It is anticipated that intelligent testing should help significantly in reducing the ‘ no fault found ’ by trapping faults that currently remain undetected with more conventional approaches to fault finding .
it is anticipated that intelligent testing should help significantly in reducing the ‘ no fault found ’ by trapping faults that [now] remain undetected with more conventional approaches to fault finding .

Of course , many of the bench marks by which sparkling wines are judged are those of the traditional Champenoise The French , true to form , have managed to ban all the use of the term ‘ Methode Champenoise ’ and wine makers are currently scratching their heads for an alternative .
of course , many of the bench marks by which sparkling wines are judged are those of the traditional champenoise the french , true to form , have managed to ban all the use of the term ‘ methode champenoise ’ and wine makers are [now] scratching their heads for an alternative .

Membership at Hampton Court , the head branch of the Horse Rangers , currently stands at 450 seniors and 80 juniors .
membership at hampton court , the head branch of the horse rangers , [now] stands at 450 seniors and 80 juniors .

The Equine Research Station in Newmarket is currently carrying out research into azoturia ( set-fast , tying-up , etc . )
the equine research station in newmarket is [now] carrying out research into azoturia ( set-fast , tying-up , etc . )

English Heritage is dedicated to preserving it all , not just the properties we currently manage .
english heritage is dedicated to preserving it all , not just the properties we [now] manage .

’ None were to be relieved who had a right to the benefit of the Insolvent Act currently going through Parliament , except by paying their clearance fees .
’ none were to be relieved who had a right to the benefit of the insolvent act [now] going through parliament , except by paying their clearance fees .

The new rules include a way in which national policy , currently decided at conference , can be overturned if a certain number of university unions oppose it .
the new rules include a way in which national policy , [now] decided at conference , can be overturned if a certain number of university unions oppose it .

Two student newspapers have run editorials criticising participants in Rag as selfseeking , and there have been suggestions that Rag should contribute to the rent of their offices , currently subsidised by student unions .
two student newspapers have run editorials criticising participants in rag as selfseeking , and there have been suggestions that rag should contribute to the rent of their offices , [now] subsidised by student unions .

History lovers will be fascinated by the excavations currently taking place on the south of the island at Akrotiri — here much of the original Minoan city , dating back 3,350 years has been unearthed , revealing three storey houses , utensils and beautiful frescoes , preserved by the volcanic ash that covered the city .
history lovers will be fascinated by the excavations [now] taking place on the south of the island at akrotiri — here much of the original minoan city , dating back 3,350 years has been unearthed , revealing three storey houses , utensils and beautiful frescoes , preserved by the volcanic ash that covered the city .

One of the topics currently fascinating chemists of many persuasions is the direct reaction of carbon monoxide and hydrogen to give other products .
one of the topics [now] fascinating chemists of many persuasions is the direct reaction of carbon monoxide and hydrogen to give other products .

Indeed , the proportion of members with farming experience appointed by these councils may approach one in two , while the proportion appointed by Labour councils ( which currently control the Lake District , Northumberland and Peak District ) is nearer 1 in 20 .
indeed , the proportion of members with farming experience appointed by these councils may approach one in two , while the proportion appointed by labour councils ( which [now] control the lake district , northumberland and peak district ) is nearer 1 in 20 .

The corporation ( currently state-owned but soon to be privatised ) already has considerable experience with optical-fibre technology , and argues that it should be allowed to play a large role in cabling Britain .
the corporation ( [now] state-owned but soon to be privatised ) already has considerable experience with optical-fibre technology , and argues that it should be allowed to play a large role in cabling britain .

The ‘ rule-based ’ spelling currently being tested is about 20 per cent slower to read for the first 1200 words , although some backward readers and beginners immediately improve speed or accuracy .
the ‘ rule-based ’ spelling [now] being tested is about 20 per cent slower to read for the first 1200 words , although some backward readers and beginners immediately improve speed or accuracy .

Atomic-sized defects in covalent semiconductors are conceptually very simple , but currently there is no reliable way of predicting their properties by calculation from first principles .
atomic-sized defects in covalent semiconductors are conceptually very simple , but [now] there is no reliable way of predicting their properties by calculation from first principles .

Of course the true potential of these synthetic peptides will be revealed only when they are tried out against infections in live animals , and Professor Choppin 's research group is currently performing such tests .
of course the true potential of these synthetic peptides will be revealed only when they are tried out against infections in live animals , and professor choppin 's research group is [now] performing such tests .

Two examples of promising glycosylation inhibitors currently under investigation are 2-deoxyglucose and glucosamine , but again the mechanism of their anti-viral activity is not fully understood .
two examples of promising glycosylation inhibitors [now] under investigation are 2-deoxyglucose and glucosamine , but again the mechanism of their anti-viral activity is not fully understood .

Both effects can be exploited to separate isotopes — for example in enriching uranium by increasing the ratio of uranium 238 compared with uranium 235 , although the first is currently the most used for large-scale enrichment .
both effects can be exploited to separate isotopes — for example in enriching uranium by increasing the ratio of uranium 238 compared with uranium 235 , although the first is [now] the most used for large-scale enrichment .

Some of these projects , including Charles Brown 's , are currently under review .
some of these projects , including charles brown 's , are [now] under review .

The board has been concerned for some years about the possible impact of excessive dependence on coal — used for 80 per cent of electricity currently generated — if developments in the domestic or international coal market push prices up rapidly .
the board has been concerned for some years about the possible impact of excessive dependence on coal — used for 80 per cent of electricity [now] generated — if developments in the domestic or international coal market push prices up rapidly .

Currently trends are also tending to make each nuclear power station a centre of support and development of the regional economy .
[now] trends are also tending to make each nuclear power station a centre of support and development of the regional economy .

Currently , production personnel spend nearly 4 per cent of their working time in training , but the figure can be as high as 25 per cent in the case of new nuclear power stations .
[now] , production personnel spend nearly 4 per cent of their working time in training , but the figure can be as high as 25 per cent in the case of new nuclear power stations .

The only difference is that where the vaccine manufacturers use two strains of human flu viruses-one that grows well in hen 's eggs and the other with the currently circulating strain of flu virus so as to get the right antigens — the object in the latest work is to obtain a non-disease causing flu virus that will grow in humans but will also protect against the particular strain of wild type flu that is in circulation .
the only difference is that where the vaccine manufacturers use two strains of human flu viruses-one that grows well in hen 's eggs and the other with the [now] circulating strain of flu virus so as to get the right antigens — the object in the latest work is to obtain a non-disease causing flu virus that will grow in humans but will also protect against the particular strain of wild type flu that is in circulation .

‘ Future friends ’ , the first part , describes the history of computers and the way that they are currently developing .
‘ future friends ’ , the first part , describes the history of computers and the way that they are [now] developing .

And they may have to be adapted to receive radioactive medical and industrial waste that is currently dumped in the Atlantic each year .
and they may have to be adapted to receive radioactive medical and industrial waste that is [now] dumped in the atlantic each year .

The first version of the currently accepted answer to this question was developed in 1960 by Harry Hess of Princeton University .
the first version of the [now] accepted answer to this question was developed in 1960 by harry hess of princeton university .

Liverpool is currently spending in the region of £4 million a year reducing its urban common .
liverpool is [now] spending in the region of £4 million a year reducing its urban common .

But in such a variation on the theme , the influence of carbon dioxide has to be set very small , only one tenth of the strength most climate modellers currently accept , otherwise it would have overwhelmed the volcanic influence and caused the Earth to continue warming through the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s .
but in such a variation on the theme , the influence of carbon dioxide has to be set very small , only one tenth of the strength most climate modellers [now] accept , otherwise it would have overwhelmed the volcanic influence and caused the earth to continue warming through the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s .

Thus , we may be helped to avoid the trap of ruling out as irrelevant , even before we start , whatever forms of knowledge may not fit into the currently accepted general scientific approach to reality as a whole .
thus , we may be helped to avoid the trap of ruling out as irrelevant , even before we start , whatever forms of knowledge may not fit into the [now] accepted general scientific approach to reality as a whole .

Secondly , although acupuncture does not tit readily into the currently available clinical trial models , there is no reason why such therapies can not be assessed within the context of clinical trials , by developing new trial methods to facilitate this assessment .
secondly , although acupuncture does not tit readily into the [now] available clinical trial models , there is no reason why such therapies can not be assessed within the context of clinical trials , by developing new trial methods to facilitate this assessment .

The remarkably productive research programme aimed at collecting meteorites in Antarctica , currently furnishes research materials to at least 90 groups of investigators in 13 countries .
the remarkably productive research programme aimed at collecting meteorites in antarctica , [now] furnishes research materials to at least 90 groups of investigators in 13 countries .

This topic is currently being studied .
this topic is [now] being studied .

In 1835 a select committee on explosions in the mines rejected all the lamps currently in use because they were all liable to internal explosions in methane blowers .
in 1835 a select committee on explosions in the mines rejected all the lamps [now] in use because they were all liable to internal explosions in methane blowers .

Americans currently spend some $ 100 million per year on video conferences .
americans [now] spend some $ 100 million per year on video conferences .

Walker estimates that the Alcan aluminium plant , currently demanding about 20 000 tonnes of caustic soda a year , will eventually need 70 000 tonnes a year .
walker estimates that the alcan aluminium plant , [now] demanding about 20 000 tonnes of caustic soda a year , will eventually need 70 000 tonnes a year .

This is how they are currently treated when we use them as research tools or slaughter them for consumption at our tables .
this is how they are [now] treated when we use them as research tools or slaughter them for consumption at our tables .

Valium ( Roche ) , the most prescribed brand of diazepam , is currently priced at £ 10.48 for 100 10-mg tablets .
valium ( roche ) , the most prescribed brand of diazepam , is [now] priced at £ 10.48 for 100 10-mg tablets .

In this regard we wondered if he had opinions about certain taxonomic questions , after which we listed several problems that were currently being debated by the scientific community .
in this regard we wondered if he had opinions about certain taxonomic questions , after which we listed several problems that were [now] being debated by the scientific community .

The record value of nt , is currently held by the high-field tokamak at Frascati in Italy .
the record value of nt , is [now] held by the high-field tokamak at frascati in italy .

Currently there is considerable discussion about the possibility of harnessing the resources provided by mature students who attend full or part-time diploma , associateship and master 's courses and who write ‘ long studies ’ in part fulfilment of these courses .
[now] there is considerable discussion about the possibility of harnessing the resources provided by mature students who attend full or part-time diploma , associateship and master 's courses and who write ‘ long studies ’ in part fulfilment of these courses .

Table 4 indicates briefly the bodies currently responsible for primary curriculum control in ten countries .
table 4 indicates briefly the bodies [now] responsible for primary curriculum control in ten countries .

‘ Vector planning ’ , another term currently in vogue , suggests that we build unevenly using natural growth points within systems rather than devising elegant ( and unworkable ) master plans .
‘ vector planning ’ , another term [now] in vogue , suggests that we build unevenly using natural growth points within systems rather than devising elegant ( and unworkable ) master plans .

Uganda , it hardly needs to be said , currently faces problems in translating the results of this experiment into practical action , but the results and experience gained have been well publicised to the obvious benefit of other systems in Africa .
uganda , it hardly needs to be said , [now] faces problems in translating the results of this experiment into practical action , but the results and experience gained have been well publicised to the obvious benefit of other systems in africa .

Currently in some areas , concern is breeding action towards designing better methods of testing and , more fundamentally , towards a shift in policy which places greater emphasis on regional and school-based methods of assessment .
[now] in some areas , concern is breeding action towards designing better methods of testing and , more fundamentally , towards a shift in policy which places greater emphasis on regional and school-based methods of assessment .

But currently these traditions are being quite rapidly eroded , sometimes as a result of conscious rethinking of philosophies , purposes and priorities , sometimes in the face of dire necessity .
but [now] these traditions are being quite rapidly eroded , sometimes as a result of conscious rethinking of philosophies , purposes and priorities , sometimes in the face of dire necessity .

One relatively manageable task would be to use the computers currently employed to sort out lists and marks for item analyses of marks scored in individual questions , thus building up a profile of strengths and weaknesses in the subject analysed .
one relatively manageable task would be to use the computers [now] employed to sort out lists and marks for item analyses of marks scored in individual questions , thus building up a profile of strengths and weaknesses in the subject analysed .

Currently , in many countries , debate centres on whether some kind of core curriculum with permitted options should evolve , as suggested in recent reports from Zambia , Botswana and Lesotho , and if so of what nature that core should be .
[now] , in many countries , debate centres on whether some kind of core curriculum with permitted options should evolve , as suggested in recent reports from zambia , botswana and lesotho , and if so of what nature that core should be .

Recent figures from the local council show that there are 529 people currently employed at the airport — 358 immigrants and 171 natives of Shetland .
recent figures from the local council show that there are 529 people [now] employed at the airport — 358 immigrants and 171 natives of shetland .

Jesus Christ professed , according to the writings which are still currently accepted , that he believed in this ‘ god ’ .
jesus christ professed , according to the writings which are still [now] accepted , that he believed in this ‘ god ’ .

Assimilation is a more basic , primitive form of adaptation — virtual non-adaptation in which ‘ the individual bends the external environment to fit its currently existing cognitive level ’ ( ibid .
assimilation is a more basic , primitive form of adaptation — virtual non-adaptation in which ‘ the individual bends the external environment to fit its [now] existing cognitive level ’ ( ibid .

The researchers are particularly concerned at the impact on the food industry which currently exports a high proportion of its output to South East England and can not possibly compete with the substantially improved delivery times open to French competitors once the Tunnel is opened .
the researchers are particularly concerned at the impact on the food industry which [now] exports a high proportion of its output to south east england and can not possibly compete with the substantially improved delivery times open to french competitors once the tunnel is opened .

An academic model for building surveying education has been established by the ‘ centres of excellence ’ , and where the shortfall in employment prospects has chilled the ebullience of some job markets , the building surveyor is currently displaying skills and attributes that stimulate a demand and maintain a 100% employment record for the graduates .
an academic model for building surveying education has been established by the ‘ centres of excellence ’ , and where the shortfall in employment prospects has chilled the ebullience of some job markets , the building surveyor is [now] displaying skills and attributes that stimulate a demand and maintain a 100% employment record for the graduates .

Now , if the depression has been preceded by a particularly deep-going crisis , equilibrium may be established at such a low level of activity that the volume of fixed capital currently being produced may well be considerably smaller than that which would allow for the time-proportional replacement of fixed capital at the previous average rate .
now , if the depression has been preceded by a particularly deep-going crisis , equilibrium may be established at such a low level of activity that the volume of fixed capital [now] being produced may well be considerably smaller than that which would allow for the time-proportional replacement of fixed capital at the previous average rate .

However , Bukharin 's ideas were not formed solely by what was currently happening in Soviet Russia ; rather he viewed what was happening there as a part of a much larger upheaval on a world scale .
however , bukharin 's ideas were not formed solely by what was [now] happening in soviet russia ; rather he viewed what was happening there as a part of a much larger upheaval on a world scale .

Syrup of ipecac is sometimes recommended but there is currently some medical disagreement about its use .
syrup of ipecac is sometimes recommended but there is [now] some medical disagreement about its use .

Currently , the only 16-valve engine in Vauxhall 's range is the 150bhp two litre , which leaves Ford , with its new Zeta multivalve fours , a step ahead .
[now] , the only 16-valve engine in vauxhall 's range is the 150bhp two litre , which leaves ford , with its new zeta multivalve fours , a step ahead .

Which newspaper do you take regularly and which book are currently reading ?
which newspaper do you take regularly and which book are [now] reading ?

Compare these prices with cost new and you will see that even the high discounts currently available on new cars become an irrelevance in the face of such horrendous depreciation .
compare these prices with cost new and you will see that even the high discounts [now] available on new cars become an irrelevance in the face of such horrendous depreciation .

Among cars currently on display is the late Hugh Hunter 's Siddeley , nicknamed Daisy ( he left £20,000 to the museum which is being used to refurbish the Campbell Shed ) , and the Duesenberg which belongs to Denis Jenkinson ( ‘ Jenks ’ of Motor Sport fame ) .
among cars [now] on display is the late hugh hunter 's siddeley , nicknamed daisy ( he left £20,000 to the museum which is being used to refurbish the campbell shed ) , and the duesenberg which belongs to denis jenkinson ( ‘ jenks ’ of motor sport fame ) .

Successful productions are currently running in New Zealand , South Africa , Ireland , Germany — in both German and English — and Japan , in Japanese .
successful productions are [now] running in new zealand , south africa , ireland , germany — in both german and english — and japan , in japanese .

Mr. Downham asked the public their views on two subjects currently under discussion .
mr. downham asked the public their views on two subjects [now] under discussion .

Currently they are seeking suitable permanent parking places for the local St. John Ambulance vehicles , and organising an official Spring Clean Day on April 4th .
[now] they are seeking suitable permanent parking places for the local st. john ambulance vehicles , and organising an official spring clean day on april 4th .

The 3rd Alton are currently also working on another appeal , born out of their strong links with scouts in St. Petersburg , Russia .
the 3rd alton are [now] also working on another appeal , born out of their strong links with scouts in st. petersburg , russia .

Then she ran into a problem : everyone she had wanted to ask originally was currently dead or no longer kayaked or was in a state somewhere between the two .
then she ran into a problem : everyone she had wanted to ask originally was [now] dead or no longer kayaked or was in a state somewhere between the two .

Held over three days in early May , the race covers the distance from Hay-on-Wye to Chepstow and currently attracts over seventy teams from across the country .
held over three days in early may , the race covers the distance from hay-on-wye to chepstow and [now] attracts over seventy teams from across the country .

It is through this phase that we are currently passing .
it is through this phase that we are [now] passing .

Robert Forrest and Michael Behrend are currently in the forefront of statistical ley research .
robert forrest and michael behrend are [now] in the forefront of statistical ley research .

We may be dealing with an energy currently unknown to science , but it made sense to start by monitoring known energies .
we may be dealing with an energy [now] unknown to science , but it made sense to start by monitoring known energies .

The Dragon Project Trust is currently undertaking ‘ operation Interface ’ on dreamwork at specific sites which are known to have , for example , magnetic or radiation anomalies .
the dragon project trust is [now] undertaking ‘ operation interface ’ on dreamwork at specific sites which are known to have , for example , magnetic or radiation anomalies .

If ‘ Aspects ’ is a bargain priced label , then the other new exclusive Woolworths series ‘ The Classics ’ is in the middle range ( currently £7.99 per disc ) .
if ‘ aspects ’ is a bargain priced label , then the other new exclusive woolworths series ‘ the classics ’ is in the middle range ( [now] £7.99 per disc ) .

There is nothing remotely jet-settish about his interpretations , which therefore rest somewhat uncomfortably beside those which are currently modish .
there is nothing remotely jet-settish about his interpretations , which therefore rest somewhat uncomfortably beside those which are [now] modish .

It is worth noting at this point that currently there is very little overlap with the Savoy titles from France which have been available through Vogue ( distributed by New Note in this country ) .
it is worth noting at this point that [now] there is very little overlap with the savoy titles from france which have been available through vogue ( distributed by new note in this country ) .

The ruling troika currently comprises Sir Michael Angus , Floris Maljers and Perry .
the ruling troika [now] comprises sir michael angus , floris maljers and perry .

‘ Currently , Coke and Pepsi do n't sell diet drinks in the Middle East because of the heat , ’ Shaw says .
‘ [now] , coke and pepsi do n't sell diet drinks in the middle east because of the heat , ’ shaw says .

Currently the companies manufacture these products under the trade names of Altuglas and Plexiglas .
[now] the companies manufacture these products under the trade names of altuglas and plexiglas .

Direct , independent control of this important interface currently lags behind a basic chemical and physical understanding of waveguide behaviour in solution .
direct , independent control of this important interface [now] lags behind a basic chemical and physical understanding of waveguide behaviour in solution .

Dr Sherlock concluded that irradiation has a useful role to play in the preservation of foods in conjunction with other currently employed processes .
dr sherlock concluded that irradiation has a useful role to play in the preservation of foods in conjunction with other [now] employed processes .

There are currently 103 residential places available .
there are [now] 103 residential places available .

The tradition of sporting excellence at Coleraine is reflected in the extensive list of clubs currently supported from Union funds .
the tradition of sporting excellence at coleraine is reflected in the extensive list of clubs [now] supported from union funds .

Currently the University 's Interdisciplinary Research Centres are :
[now] the university 's interdisciplinary research centres are :

Over 13,500 full-time and part-time students are currently enrolled for courses at all levels , from doctoral studies to part-time certificate programmes .
over 13,500 full-time and part-time students are [now] enrolled for courses at all levels , from doctoral studies to part-time certificate programmes .

There are currently 103 residential places available .
there are [now] 103 residential places available .

The tradition of sporting excellence at Coleraine is reflected in the extensive list of clubs currently supported from Union funds .
the tradition of sporting excellence at coleraine is reflected in the extensive list of clubs [now] supported from union funds .

Currently , though , many women are dependent on their husbands ' pensions .
[now] , though , many women are dependent on their husbands ' pensions .

On the fringe of jazz , he continues to work regularly with Georgie Fame , Everything But The Girl and is currently working as Musical Director for the Charlie Watts Quintet .
on the fringe of jazz , he continues to work regularly with georgie fame , everything but the girl and is [now] working as musical director for the charlie watts quintet .

The rectangular piece of perspex which acted as a windscreen , provided little if any protection from the cold wind which was currently hitting him at sixty miles an hour .
the rectangular piece of perspex which acted as a windscreen , provided little if any protection from the cold wind which was [now] hitting him at sixty miles an hour .

They were a couple of travelling hedgers and ditchers who were currently working at Bakers Farm down by the river .
they were a couple of travelling hedgers and ditchers who were [now] working at bakers farm down by the river .

Joanna Murchison , always a frail woman , was currently suffering a bout of unseasonal influenza.a However , Julie was gratified to see the remarkable change in her Mother 's general health since she had arrived home .
joanna murchison , always a frail woman , was [now] suffering a bout of unseasonal influenza.a however , julie was gratified to see the remarkable change in her mother 's general health since she had arrived home .

Secondly , since the clearinghouses are essentially agencies for co-operation and most enquirers want the names of contacts who are currently working on the same problem , it is advisable to refer the enquirer to the contacts for first-hand information .
secondly , since the clearinghouses are essentially agencies for co-operation and most enquirers want the names of contacts who are [now] working on the same problem , it is advisable to refer the enquirer to the contacts for first-hand information .

toxicity , hypothyroidism , and renal impairment ) , as well the non-response of some patients , other drugs with possible prophylactic effects in patients with recurrent affective disorders are currently under investigation .
toxicity , hypothyroidism , and renal impairment ) , as well the non-response of some patients , other drugs with possible prophylactic effects in patients with recurrent affective disorders are [now] under investigation .

Poisoning Treatment Centres may have a special advantage ( Kreitman 1980 ) , but only one such centre currently exists and it is unlikely that more will be developed in the near future .
poisoning treatment centres may have a special advantage ( kreitman 1980 ) , but only one such centre [now] exists and it is unlikely that more will be developed in the near future .

His photographs feature in several books and he is currently photographer for Cycling Weekly .
his photographs feature in several books and he is [now] photographer for cycling weekly .

One of the best guides to works currently in print , and which deals with publications on local history and the associated fields of genealogy and the material heritage , is the annual catalogue issued by the well known specialist booksellers and publishers , Phillimore .
one of the best guides to works [now] in print , and which deals with publications on local history and the associated fields of genealogy and the material heritage , is the annual catalogue issued by the well known specialist booksellers and publishers , phillimore .

Response-cost procedures involve the forfeiture of rewards or privileges currently available — such as going out to play or staying up late on Friday evening .
response-cost procedures involve the forfeiture of rewards or privileges [now] available — such as going out to play or staying up late on friday evening .

Every currently available indicator of health need is inadequate in one way or another .
every [now] available indicator of health need is inadequate in one way or another .

More than 1 million ha are currently classified as severely saline and are mostly unsuitable for crop production because of either highly saline water in the root zone or the presence of salt crusts on the soil .
more than 1 million ha are [now] classified as severely saline and are mostly unsuitable for crop production because of either highly saline water in the root zone or the presence of salt crusts on the soil .

Currently , a new programme is in operation to develop arable cultivation , but incorporating soil and water conservation measures which include the planting of wind-breaks and forests as well as contour farming to minimise erosion .
[now] , a new programme is in operation to develop arable cultivation , but incorporating soil and water conservation measures which include the planting of wind-breaks and forests as well as contour farming to minimise erosion .

Some of the highest annual rates are occurring in the Ivory Coast and Nigeria where annual losses are currently reaching 5.2 per cent ; in Costa Rica , Sri Lanka and El Salvador the annual rates are between 3.6 and 3.2 per cent .
some of the highest annual rates are occurring in the ivory coast and nigeria where annual losses are [now] reaching 5.2 per cent ; in costa rica , sri lanka and el salvador the annual rates are between 3.6 and 3.2 per cent .

Open grasslands , for example , currently experience an annual loss of of soil , with overgrazed areas losing , which compares with annually from soils under secondary and primary forest respectively .
open grasslands , for example , [now] experience an annual loss of of soil , with overgrazed areas losing , which compares with annually from soils under secondary and primary forest respectively .

Each zone is currently experiencing a range of pressures which are listed in Table 7.4 .
each zone is [now] experiencing a range of pressures which are listed in table 7.4 .

In addition , an expanding Kingston required increasing amounts of fruit and market garden produce which are currently the main products .
in addition , an expanding kingston required increasing amounts of fruit and market garden produce which are [now] the main products .

He states that : ‘ if a similar stage can be quickly reached in tropical LDCs ( Least Developed Countries ) , and if plantation forests can be established without serious problems of ecological sustainability or pest outbreaks , then prospects for future timber availability are brighter than the currently rapid rates of deforestation in many tropical countries would at first suggest ’ .
he states that : ‘ if a similar stage can be quickly reached in tropical ldcs ( least developed countries ) , and if plantation forests can be established without serious problems of ecological sustainability or pest outbreaks , then prospects for future timber availability are brighter than the [now] rapid rates of deforestation in many tropical countries would at first suggest ’ .

Since there is little potential for the development of new recreation sites in the Shing Mun Country Park , Jim suggests that a management strategy designed to make the distribution of visitors between sites more equable would be appropriate to minimise damage and especially to protect those sites which are currently undergoing excessive damage .
since there is little potential for the development of new recreation sites in the shing mun country park , jim suggests that a management strategy designed to make the distribution of visitors between sites more equable would be appropriate to minimise damage and especially to protect those sites which are [now] undergoing excessive damage .

Cullen suggests that peak fees , which are currently paid for the right to climb specific peaks , could include a refundable charge for environmental protection and that this should be sufficient to cover the costs of a clean-up operation if the expedition party fails to comply .
cullen suggests that peak fees , which are [now] paid for the right to climb specific peaks , could include a refundable charge for environmental protection and that this should be sufficient to cover the costs of a clean-up operation if the expedition party fails to comply .

Currently , however , biological control of plant , animal and viral pests is gaining new status as one component of integrated pest management strategies .
[now] , however , biological control of plant , animal and viral pests is gaining new status as one component of integrated pest management strategies .

These are just a few examples of the use of modern biological control agents , though as Jutsum ( 1988 ) points out , the commercial value of these is currently less than 1 per cent of the global market value of crop-protection and public health agents ( mainly chemicals ) which currently amounts to $ 16 000 million annually .
these are just a few examples of the use of modern biological control agents , though as jutsum ( 1988 ) points out , the commercial value of these is [now] less than 1 per cent of the global market value of crop-protection and public health agents ( mainly chemicals ) which [now] amounts to $ 16 000 million annually .

( 1989 ) also draw attention to the fact that genetically engineered bacteria may affect global biogeochemical cycles by usurping the role that naturally occurring bacteria currently play in helping to control flux rates of nutrients from one pool to another .
( 1989 ) also draw attention to the fact that genetically engineered bacteria may affect global biogeochemical cycles by usurping the role that naturally occurring bacteria [now] play in helping to control flux rates of nutrients from one pool to another .

Any organisms that might lead to increased release of carbon dioxide , or methane , are clearly not to be welcomed in a world that is currently experiencing warming due to the enhanced greenhouse effect .
any organisms that might lead to increased release of carbon dioxide , or methane , are clearly not to be welcomed in a world that is [now] experiencing warming due to the enhanced greenhouse effect .

The first-generation system known as ‘ HyperArc ’ is currently under test with users at ‘ novice ’ and ‘ competent ’ levels of expertise : in addition to feedback on the use of the system , the aim of the evaluation phase is to define a core area of functionality in common use to help optimize the system structure .
the first-generation system known as ‘ hyperarc ’ is [now] under test with users at ‘ novice ’ and ‘ competent ’ levels of expertise : in addition to feedback on the use of the system , the aim of the evaluation phase is to define a core area of functionality in common use to help optimize the system structure .

Ten per cent of domestic waste is currently being burned .
ten per cent of domestic waste is [now] being burned .

They are currently the single most common cause of death in England and Wales accounting for about one-third of all child deaths .
they are [now] the single most common cause of death in england and wales accounting for about one-third of all child deaths .

Currently , in an endeavour to reduce serious injury and fatalities , especially among children and teenagers , brightly-coloured helmets for pedal cyclists are becoming popular .
[now] , in an endeavour to reduce serious injury and fatalities , especially among children and teenagers , brightly-coloured helmets for pedal cyclists are becoming popular .

Currently , especially in the Western world , the mass media provide a constant reminder that personal safety is threatened not only by the elements , and objects and events in the environment , but also by the humans who make up the society .
[now] , especially in the western world , the mass media provide a constant reminder that personal safety is threatened not only by the elements , and objects and events in the environment , but also by the humans who make up the society .

Even conditions beyond the earth 's immediate environment can affect human beings and currently there is concern about the effect on health of an appreciable hole in the springtime ozone layer over Antarctica ( McKie & Rycroft , 1988 ) .
even conditions beyond the earth 's immediate environment can affect human beings and [now] there is concern about the effect on health of an appreciable hole in the springtime ozone layer over antarctica ( mckie & rycroft , 1988 ) .

Currently in the nursing field , computers are being used as a medium for communicating in nursing practice , education , management and research .
[now] in the nursing field , computers are being used as a medium for communicating in nursing practice , education , management and research .

The value of therapeutic touch as a form of psychological comfort is currently receiving considerable attention in the professional literature .
the value of therapeutic touch as a form of psychological comfort is [now] receiving considerable attention in the professional literature .

Whatever the nurse staffing arrangements , each one needs to know what the patient has been told and what currently appears to be understood .
whatever the nurse staffing arrangements , each one needs to know what the patient has been told and what [now] appears to be understood .

Given what we currently know about how children develop , the answer is a resounding yes .
given what we [now] know about how children develop , the answer is a resounding yes .

Imaginative play , Vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature “ adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations. ” 10 In helping children disengage thought from reality , pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking , in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to currently existing , real world conditions .
imaginative play , vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature “ adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations. ” 10 in helping children disengage thought from reality , pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking , in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to [now] existing , real world conditions .

By the same token , the overall risk associated with fickle consumers , numerous selling seasons , and segmented markets—along with fierce overseas competition—has currently made this a tough arena for American retailers and manufacturers .
by the same token , the overall risk associated with fickle consumers , numerous selling seasons , and segmented markets—along with fierce overseas competition—has [now] made this a tough arena for american retailers and manufacturers .

In contrast , distribution-related costs—those associated with the traditional structure of automobile retailing—constitute anywhere between 15 and 34 percent of final cost.30 It is little wonder that car companies are currently in the throes of radically restructuring their method of automobile distribution .
in contrast , distribution-related costs—those associated with the traditional structure of automobile retailing—constitute anywhere between 15 and 34 percent of final cost.30 it is little wonder that car companies are [now] in the throes of radically restructuring their method of automobile distribution .

Currently , no manufacturer we know of has implemented all the changes described here and in the following chapters .
[now] , no manufacturer we know of has implemented all the changes described here and in the following chapters .

By 1980 , textile hourly earnings had risen to $ 5.07 compared with $ 4.56 in apparel ; in 1997 , textile workers earned an average of $ 10.02 an hour , 21.5 percent more than the $ 8.25 an hour of those in apparel.38 Currently only 48 percent of textile employees are women , while women constitute 77 percent of apparel workers .
by 1980 , textile hourly earnings had risen to $ 5.07 compared with $ 4.56 in apparel ; in 1997 , textile workers earned an average of $ 10.02 an hour , 21.5 percent more than the $ 8.25 an hour of those in apparel.38 [now] only 48 percent of textile employees are women , while women constitute 77 percent of apparel workers .

However , organization met fierce opposition from southern textile employers.40 Currently , about 15 percent of the textile production and nonsupervisory workforce is organized compared with 25 percent in the apparel industry .
however , organization met fierce opposition from southern textile employers.40 [now] , about 15 percent of the textile production and nonsupervisory workforce is organized compared with 25 percent in the apparel industry .

Levi Strauss , which is currently offering custom-fit jeans for women in some stores , provides the best example of this kind of mass customization .
levi strauss , which is [now] offering custom-fit jeans for women in some stores , provides the best example of this kind of mass customization .

The optical system that produced this image was developed by [ TC ] 2 and is now ready for commercial demonstration.14 This system will probably cost $ 100,000 , and a demonstration in a shopping mall is currently under way .
the optical system that produced this image was developed by [ tc ] 2 and is now ready for commercial demonstration.14 this system will probably cost $ 100,000 , and a demonstration in a shopping mall is [now] under way .

The industrial transformation currently in progress encompasses international trade issues , competitiveness , labor regulation , and macroeconomic policies .
the industrial transformation [now] in progress encompasses international trade issues , competitiveness , labor regulation , and macroeconomic policies .

The low labor costs for sewing and short time to market from Mexico and the Caribbean countries , and the provisions of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule ( formerly Section 807 and 807a , or currently 9802.00.80 ) that establish duties only on the value added to U.S.-produced materials sent out for assembly , all favor sourcing of apparel from south of the U.S. border rather than Asia .
the low labor costs for sewing and short time to market from mexico and the caribbean countries , and the provisions of the harmonized tariff schedule ( formerly section 807 and 807a , or [now] 9802.00.80 ) that establish duties only on the value added to u.s.-produced materials sent out for assembly , all favor sourcing of apparel from south of the u.s. border rather than asia .

A limited number of retailers are currently experimenting with the Internet , although only 9 percent of those surveyed in 1998 indicated that they currently sell products this way.44 Retailers are currently reluctant to go on-line both because they believe that their products are “ ill-suited for Web sales ” and are concerned about specific technical limitations , such as the security of electronic financial transactions .
a limited number of retailers are [now] experimenting with the internet , although only 9 percent of those surveyed in 1998 indicated that they [now] sell products this way.44 retailers are [now] reluctant to go on-line both because they believe that their products are “ ill-suited for web sales ” and are concerned about specific technical limitations , such as the security of electronic financial transactions .

Currently , no more than approximately 35 percent of textile shipments are for apparel items .
[now] , no more than approximately 35 percent of textile shipments are for apparel items .

Mariachi groups have been very popular in southern California since the 1930s , and currently hundreds of groups have been formed in the Los Angeles area .
mariachi groups have been very popular in southern california since the 1930s , and [now] hundreds of groups have been formed in the los angeles area .

Agents evolve in a history and complexity space to find currently optimal amounts of history and complexity to use to optimally predict their neighbors .
agents evolve in a history and complexity space to find [now] optimal amounts of history and complexity to use to optimally predict their neighbors .

For example , I am currently writing Investigations as part of my own hopefully not-too-solipsistic eVorts to make my own living as a scientist .
for example , i am [now] writing investigations as part of my own hopefully not-too-solipsistic evorts to make my own living as a scientist .

The source of such an energy is currently unknown .
the source of such an energy is [now] unknown .

For example , in attempts to build quantum computers that can carry out more than one calculation simultaneously due to the linear features of quantum mechanics , actual decoherence is currently a technical hurdle in obtaining complex quantum calculations .
for example , in attempts to build quantum computers that can carry out more than one calculation simultaneously due to the linear features of quantum mechanics , actual decoherence is [now] a technical hurdle in obtaining complex quantum calculations .

The remains of the tower — the rooms in its foundations — are currently being restored .
the remains of the tower — the rooms in its foundations — are [now] being restored .

This entire area of the Temple Mount is currently off-limits to tourists .
this entire area of the temple mount is [now] off-limits to tourists .

Housed in an old byat , it is currently under renovation , but the work is mostly on the exterior leaving the wealth of artifacts inside undisturbed .
housed in an old byat , it is [now] under renovation , but the work is mostly on the exterior leaving the wealth of artifacts inside undisturbed .

The lunarscape-like summit currently stands at 3,350 m ( 10,990 ft ) above sea level , but varies according to the eruptions ’ destruction or lava deposits .
the lunarscape-like summit [now] stands at 3,350 m ( 10,990 ft ) above sea level , but varies according to the eruptions ’ destruction or lava deposits .

For visitors the peace dividend is currently considerable , allowing access to the number of great sights that lie in the Sinai and Jordan , including the fabulous city of Petra .
for visitors the peace dividend is [now] considerable , allowing access to the number of great sights that lie in the sinai and jordan , including the fabulous city of petra .

This structure is currently known as the Mon­u­ment Juif as experts debate whether it was a synagogue , a school , or perhaps a residence .
this structure is [now] known as the mon­u­ment juif as experts debate whether it was a synagogue , a school , or perhaps a residence .

The price indication given is for a double room , with breakfast , including service and taxes ( currently 5 percent of room price ) in high season ( generally April–October ) .
the price indication given is for a double room , with breakfast , including service and taxes ( [now] 5 percent of room price ) in high season ( generally april–october ) .

It is currently developing its winter sports in addition to the golf and tennis already provided .
it is [now] developing its winter sports in addition to the golf and tennis already provided .

The museum is currently closed for renovations and will reopen in the year 2001 with only Greek and Roman antiquities .
the museum is [now] closed for renovations and will reopen in the year 2001 with only greek and roman antiquities .

Currently , it is where Acapulco ’ s most value-priced hotels are found , along with budget dining choices and the typical businesses and services of any sizable city .
[now] , it is where acapulco ’ s most value-priced hotels are found , along with budget dining choices and the typical businesses and services of any sizable city .

Puerto Escondido is currently popular with younger , predominately European travelers , and , simply stated , offers the best overall value in a Mexican beach vacation today .
puerto escondido is [now] popular with younger , predominately european travelers , and , simply stated , offers the best overall value in a mexican beach vacation today .

Its centerpiece , currently under construction , will be an enormous statue of Vishnu the Protector that will rival New York ’ s Statue of Liberty in size .
its centerpiece , [now] under construction , will be an enormous statue of vishnu the protector that will rival new york ’ s statue of liberty in size .

The aquarium is currently undergoing an expansion that will triple its size .
the aquarium is [now] undergoing an expansion that will triple its size .

South of the cruise port , the road ( currently in the process of being upgraded ) leads away from the urban development and out into the countryside .
south of the cruise port , the road ( [now] in the process of being upgraded ) leads away from the urban development and out into the countryside .

The Commonwealth currently holds world records for several species of fish .
the commonwealth [now] holds world records for several species of fish .

Currently , it is open only to guests of the Four Seasons , or members of other golf clubs with a letter of introduction .
[now] , it is open only to guests of the four seasons , or members of other golf clubs with a letter of introduction .

By the end of 2003 , the area in front of the Reichstag — currently a vast construction site — will be transformed , with the completion of all the new government district buildings , including the Federal Chancellery .
by the end of 2003 , the area in front of the reichstag — [now] a vast construction site — will be transformed , with the completion of all the new government district buildings , including the federal chancellery .

It is currently undergoing extensive refurbishment in preparation for its role as the venue for the 2006 Soccer World Cup Final .
it is [now] undergoing extensive refurbishment in preparation for its role as the venue for the 2006 soccer world cup final .

At 605 m ( 1,815 ft ) , it is currently the world ’ s highest freestanding structure , 19 m ( 56 ft ) more than a similar monster in Moscow .
at 605 m ( 1,815 ft ) , it is [now] the world ’ s highest freestanding structure , 19 m ( 56 ft ) more than a similar monster in moscow .

The Spanish government levies a value-added tax ( called IVA ) on most items ( currently up to 13.8 % ) .
the spanish government levies a value-added tax ( called iva ) on most items ( [now] up to 13.8 % ) .

These are currently being worked on by archaeologists .
these are [now] being worked on by archaeologists .

Two of the more popular of Budapest ’ s first division football teams are currently Kispest-Honvéd and Ferencváros .
two of the more popular of budapest ’ s first division football teams are [now] kispest-honvéd and ferencváros .

Live music is quite common , with jazz , suppressed as subversive in the Stalinist era , currently enjoying something of a renaissance in Budapest nightspots .
live music is quite common , with jazz , suppressed as subversive in the stalinist era , [now] enjoying something of a renaissance in budapest nightspots .

Plans are afoot to build hotels all along the 22 km ( 14 miles ) of shell-shaped beaches on Cayo Coco , but accommodations are currently limited .
plans are afoot to build hotels all along the 22 km ( 14 miles ) of shell-shaped beaches on cayo coco , but accommodations are [now] limited .

Only a half-dozen states currently offer loan forgiveness programs to graduates who agree to work for government or non-profit agencies .
only a half-dozen states [now] offer loan forgiveness programs to graduates who agree to work for government or non-profit agencies .

Currently , support for non-profit legal aid groups comes from interest generated on the Lawyers ' Trust Fund , which pools clients ' money that attorneys hold for such matters as escrow funds .
[now] , support for non-profit legal aid groups comes from interest generated on the lawyers ' trust fund , which pools clients ' money that attorneys hold for such matters as escrow funds .

The proposal has not been attached to any legislation currently viable in either the House or Senate .
the proposal has not been attached to any legislation [now] viable in either the house or senate .

The bill calling for the $ 7 increase passed the House but is currently stalled in the Senate .
the bill calling for the $ 7 increase passed the house but is [now] stalled in the senate .

These funds are expected to drop from currently $ 7.5 million in 2002 to $ 6.9 million when the Michigan State Bar Foundation makes distributions next year .
these funds are expected to drop from [now] $ 7.5 million in 2002 to $ 6.9 million when the michigan state bar foundation makes distributions next year .

Currently , Michigan has 13 legal aid agencies covering the state 's 83 counties .
[now] , michigan has 13 legal aid agencies covering the state 's 83 counties .

Currently , TEAJF manages funds from the Interest on Lawyers ' Trust Accounts ( IOLTA ) Program ; Basic Civil Legal Services ( BCLS ) , a court filing fee add-on ; and the Crime Victims Civil Legal Services ( CVCLS ) Program .
[now] , teajf manages funds from the interest on lawyers ' trust accounts ( iolta ) program ; basic civil legal services ( bcls ) , a court filing fee add-on ; and the crime victims civil legal services ( cvcls ) program .

Legal Aid has about 25 staff members in its Harlem office , currently located on the sixth and seventh floors of the Hotel Theresa .
legal aid has about 25 staff members in its harlem office , [now] located on the sixth and seventh floors of the hotel theresa .

The two programs are currently housed in buildings about a block apart .
the two programs are [now] housed in buildings about a block apart .

That could amount to several times as much as the $ 250 a month Mazzariello currently pays the Housing Preservation and Development Department .
that could amount to several times as much as the $ 250 a month mazzariello [now] pays the housing preservation and development department .

Currently , LSSM utilizes the services of 243 private attorneys who provide a minimum of 20 hours of pro bono or two pro bono cases per year .
[now] , lssm utilizes the services of 243 private attorneys who provide a minimum of 20 hours of pro bono or two pro bono cases per year .

The provision of alcohol interventions in emergency departments ( ED ) may provide an opportunity to treat individuals who are currently not actively seeking such care .
the provision of alcohol interventions in emergency departments ( ed ) may provide an opportunity to treat individuals who are [now] not actively seeking such care .

The public policy objectives of Healthy People 2010 include routine emergency department screening.9 The provision of such interventions is currently not routine .
the public policy objectives of healthy people 2010 include routine emergency department screening.9 the provision of such interventions is [now] not routine .

This has already occurred in family medicine , which is currently the medical service with the highest screening rate .
this has already occurred in family medicine , which is [now] the medical service with the highest screening rate .

We are currently involved in the evaluating Connecticut Public Act 98-201 , which has several provisions.3 The primary goal of this legislation is to implement universal screening for alcohol and other drug problems among injured patients admitted to acute care hospitals .
we are [now] involved in the evaluating connecticut public act 98-201 , which has several provisions.3 the primary goal of this legislation is to implement universal screening for alcohol and other drug problems among injured patients admitted to acute care hospitals .

Currently , emergency departments in Connecticut see many patients with acute alcohol intoxication on a daily basis , but funds for treatment are limited .
[now] , emergency departments in connecticut see many patients with acute alcohol intoxication on a daily basis , but funds for treatment are limited .

Gentilello and colleagues sent a letter home one month after discharge as a reminder of the intervention conversation.18 A currently funded trial at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore is using a feedback letter and two or more follow-up phone calls to extend the intervention beyond the emergency setting interview .
gentilello and colleagues sent a letter home one month after discharge as a reminder of the intervention conversation.18 a [now] funded trial at the university of maryland shock trauma center in baltimore is using a feedback letter and two or more follow-up phone calls to extend the intervention beyond the emergency setting interview .

Medical care challenges in the ED In addition to the practical problems generally associated with screening and intervention in this venue , pressing problems in the delivery of medical care will affect how we intervene in the future with ED patients at risk for and currently experiencing problem drinking .
medical care challenges in the ed in addition to the practical problems generally associated with screening and intervention in this venue , pressing problems in the delivery of medical care will affect how we intervene in the future with ed patients at risk for and [now] experiencing problem drinking .

Barry agreed that difficult cases do take most of the time and resources currently spent on alcohol problems in the ED .
barry agreed that difficult cases do take most of the time and resources [now] spent on alcohol problems in the ed .

However , she believed that it is also important to use resources to reach as many people as possible and that systems currently exist that , once refined , can be fairly easy to implement .
however , she believed that it is also important to use resources to reach as many people as possible and that systems [now] exist that , once refined , can be fairly easy to implement .

Currently available screening tests Based on current evidence , screening should be undertaken using one or a combination of structured questionnaires.10 Screening undertaken using clinical impression or biochemical tests is not as accurate or as sensitive as structured questionnaires for identifying alcohol use disorders or problematic consumption.7 Of course , BAC can help identify acute intoxication .
[now] available screening tests based on current evidence , screening should be undertaken using one or a combination of structured questionnaires.10 screening undertaken using clinical impression or biochemical tests is not as accurate or as sensitive as structured questionnaires for identifying alcohol use disorders or problematic consumption.7 of course , bac can help identify acute intoxication .

Currently , screening is a research tool , not a clinical tool .
[now] , screening is a research tool , not a clinical tool .

He noted that alcohol screening in the ED is currently being discussed on the `` ethics circuit . ''
he noted that alcohol screening in the ed is [now] being discussed on the `` ethics circuit . ''

In addition , we are currently looking at ways that the visa function can be strengthened as a screen against potential terrorists and we expect to make recommendations later this fiscal year .
in addition , we are [now] looking at ways that the visa function can be strengthened as a screen against potential terrorists and we expect to make recommendations later this fiscal year .

In fact , CBO estimates that 1 percent of the total annual spending will be for administrative costs , but that a proportionate share of the costs to currently administer these agencies will be transferred .
in fact , cbo estimates that 1 percent of the total annual spending will be for administrative costs , but that a proportionate share of the costs to [now] administer these agencies will be transferred .

The President 's Management Agenda , released in August 2001 , identified human capital as one of the five key governmentwide management challenges currently facing the federal government .
the president 's management agenda , released in august 2001 , identified human capital as one of the five key governmentwide management challenges [now] facing the federal government .

INTEGRITY : Restoring Trust in American Business and the Accounting Profession ( This document was written by David M. Walker , CPA , Comptroller General of the United States , based on a speech he gave to the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ' leadership conference in November 2002 ) November 26 , 2002 Our profession , the performance and accountability profession , currently faces a `` crisis of confidence '' that must be addressed not only for the good of our profession but also for the good of our country and the nation 's capital markets .
integrity : restoring trust in american business and the accounting profession ( this document was written by david m. walker , cpa , comptroller general of the united states , based on a speech he gave to the american institute of certified public accountants ' leadership conference in november 2002 ) november 26 , 2002 our profession , the performance and accountability profession , [now] faces a `` crisis of confidence '' that must be addressed not only for the good of our profession but also for the good of our country and the nation 's capital markets .

Currently , outside auditor reports are not required to provide any level of assurance with regard to key internal controls .
[now] , outside auditor reports are not required to provide any level of assurance with regard to key internal controls .

Currently , financial data are not always useful , relevant , timely , and reliable enough to be used for federal decisionmaking , and many federal finance organizations are not yet well equipped enough to routinely provide analysis or advice related to this information .
[now] , financial data are not always useful , relevant , timely , and reliable enough to be used for federal decisionmaking , and many federal finance organizations are not yet well equipped enough to routinely provide analysis or advice related to this information .

For example , the Department of Planning and Budget currently performs trend analysis and prepares fiscal impact statements for the state 's legislature , using useful , relevant , and timely financial information from the state 's integrated budget and accounting systems .
for example , the department of planning and budget [now] performs trend analysis and prepares fiscal impact statements for the state 's legislature , using useful , relevant , and timely financial information from the state 's integrated budget and accounting systems .

Similar to the findings in our previous report on outsourcing the finance function,7 we found that although outsourcing is considered an option for reducing costs and improving efficiency , none of the leading organizations we visited were currently outsourcing any significant aspect of their finance organizations .
similar to the findings in our previous report on outsourcing the finance function,7 we found that although outsourcing is considered an option for reducing costs and improving efficiency , none of the leading organizations we visited were [now] outsourcing any significant aspect of their finance organizations .

Currently , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and regulations .
[now] , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and regulations .

Similarly , efforts are currently underway across government to develop a meaningful , userfriendly accountability report on individual departments and agencies .
similarly , efforts are [now] underway across government to develop a meaningful , userfriendly accountability report on individual departments and agencies .

In addition , the data warehouse can now store up to 5 years of data , and IDPA is currently weighing the costs and benefits of increasing this to 10 years of data .
in addition , the data warehouse can now store up to 5 years of data , and idpa is [now] weighing the costs and benefits of increasing this to 10 years of data .

Currently , the contractors only have the resources to investigate situations in which the data indicate potential large-scale abusive practices .
[now] , the contractors only have the resources to investigate situations in which the data indicate potential large-scale abusive practices .

The state currently has models for physician and dental providers and plans to initiate a model for pharmaceutical providers .
the state [now] has models for physician and dental providers and plans to initiate a model for pharmaceutical providers .

Currently , all 23 IDHS local offices in Cook County participate in the program .
[now] , all 23 idhs local offices in cook county participate in the program .

According to VBA officials , they are currently using TPSS training modules to facilitate the training of some new employees , but the training modules needed for other newly hired employees will not be available until November 2001 .
according to vba officials , they are [now] using tpss training modules to facilitate the training of some new employees , but the training modules needed for other newly hired employees will not be available until november 2001 .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems [now] in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

These issues are currently being debated and , in many cases , addressed by private-sector and federal efforts .
these issues are [now] being debated and , in many cases , addressed by private-sector and federal efforts .

It contains the original text that currently constitutes the body of accounting concepts and standards for the U.S. Government .
it contains the original text that [now] constitutes the body of accounting concepts and standards for the u.s. government .

Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans.51 -- Employees of the Federal Government provide service to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently ( the salary ) and some is deferred ( pensions , retirement health benefits , and other retirement benefits ) .
federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans.51 -- employees of the federal government provide service to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received [now] ( the salary ) and some is deferred ( pensions , retirement health benefits , and other retirement benefits ) .

Federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage. -- Employees of the Federal Government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently in the form of money ( the salary ) ; some is received currently in the form of payments to a third party ( the employer entity contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of its employees ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions and other retirement benefits ) .
federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage. -- employees of the federal government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received [now] in the form of money ( the salary ) ; some is received [now] in the form of payments to a third party ( the employer entity contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of its employees ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions and other retirement benefits ) .

Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees. -- Employees of the Federal Government provide service to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently ( the salary ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions , retirement health benefits , and other retirement benefits ) .
employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for federal employees. -- employees of the federal government provide service to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received [now] ( the salary ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions , retirement health benefits , and other retirement benefits ) .

Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees. -- Employees of the Federal Government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently in the form of money ( the salary ) ; some is received currently in the form of payments to a third party ( the employer entity contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of the employees ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions and other retirement benefits ) .
employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of federal employees. -- employees of the federal government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received [now] in the form of money ( the salary ) ; some is received [now] in the form of payments to a third party ( the employer entity contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of the employees ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions and other retirement benefits ) .

Currently OASI and DI make payments to that Account , and HI receives payment .
[now] oasi and di make payments to that account , and hi receives payment .

The standards also provide for a period of 5 years to transition to reporting expense data for those agencies that currently maintain only outlay data .
the standards also provide for a period of 5 years to transition to reporting expense data for those agencies that [now] maintain only outlay data .

Some Board members suggested that since some agencies currently maintain only outlay data , requiring that only outlay data be reported might be more practical .
some board members suggested that since some agencies [now] maintain only outlay data , requiring that only outlay data be reported might be more practical .

A more extensive evaluation , including an assessment of effects on long-term earnings , is currently planned for completion in 1999 .
a more extensive evaluation , including an assessment of effects on long-term earnings , is [now] planned for completion in 1999 .

Warrants for currently unavailable special and trust fund receipts are issued when requirements for their availability have been met .
warrants for [now] unavailable special and trust fund receipts are issued when requirements for their availability have been met .

It also provides that the resale rule will sunset 5 years after the last group of licenses for currently allotted personal communications services spectrum is awarded ( expected to occur within a year ) .
it also provides that the resale rule will sunset 5 years after the last group of licenses for [now] allotted personal communications services spectrum is awarded ( expected to occur within a year ) .

An on-line version of this guidance , which will include tools that may help you in assessing reliability , is currently being developed .
an on-line version of this guidance , which will include tools that may help you in assessing reliability , is [now] being developed .

Although the corporate governance community in the United States may not currently be receptive to requiring the separation of the CEO and the chairman of the board , such a practice does exist in the United Kingdom , where apparently there is more receptivity .
although the corporate governance community in the united states may not [now] be receptive to requiring the separation of the ceo and the chairman of the board , such a practice does exist in the united kingdom , where apparently there is more receptivity .

However , participants agreed that auditors should be more skeptical and should say no and walk away from clients more often than they currently do .
however , participants agreed that auditors should be more skeptical and should say no and walk away from clients more often than they [now] do .

Some participants also pointed out that most of the auditing is currently being performed by inexperienced auditors .
some participants also pointed out that most of the auditing is [now] being performed by inexperienced auditors .

Further , several participants cautioned that the auditor rotation rules currently being developed by the regulators could further reduce audit quality by resulting in a loss of continuity , experience , and technical knowledge on an audit .
further , several participants cautioned that the auditor rotation rules [now] being developed by the regulators could further reduce audit quality by resulting in a loss of continuity , experience , and technical knowledge on an audit .

EPA submitted the requirements to OMB which approved them as an extension of the currently approved information requirements .
epa submitted the requirements to omb which approved them as an extension of the [now] approved information requirements .

The SEC estimated that of the 23,350 investment advisers currently registered with the SEC , 17,650 advisers would be considered small entities .
the sec estimated that of the 23,350 investment advisers [now] registered with the sec , 17,650 advisers would be considered small entities .

Statistical sampling procedures implemented involved a random selection of invoices from a known universe of invoices below a certain dollar amount ( currently set at $ 2,5003 ) tobe examined in lieu of examining all invoices as would be done under a 100percent examination .
statistical sampling procedures implemented involved a random selection of invoices from a known universe of invoices below a certain dollar amount ( [now] set at $ 2,5003 ) tobe examined in lieu of examining all invoices as would be done under a 100percent examination .

Based on that guidance , fast pay is currently subject to a limitation of $ 25,000 per invoice and the following conditions : ( 1 ) geographical separation and lack of communication facilities make it impractical to make timely payments based on evidence of acceptance , ( 2 ) suppliers who will be paid under the procedure have agreed to repair , correct , or replace goods or services not conforming to requirements , and ( 3 ) and it is limited to suppliers who have had and continue to have a good ongoing business relationship with the agency .
based on that guidance , fast pay is [now] subject to a limitation of $ 25,000 per invoice and the following conditions : ( 1 ) geographical separation and lack of communication facilities make it impractical to make timely payments based on evidence of acceptance , ( 2 ) suppliers who will be paid under the procedure have agreed to repair , correct , or replace goods or services not conforming to requirements , and ( 3 ) and it is limited to suppliers who have had and continue to have a good ongoing business relationship with the agency .

Although implementation of electronic signatures meeting the NIST criteria may not currently be costeffective in all cases , or may not be needed because the electronic data application is low risk , technological advances will continue to occur , making the signatures more affordable and widespread in the future .
although implementation of electronic signatures meeting the nist criteria may not [now] be costeffective in all cases , or may not be needed because the electronic data application is low risk , technological advances will continue to occur , making the signatures more affordable and widespread in the future .

Streamlining the Payment Process- Acquisition of Goods and Services Verification of Receipt and Acceptance After Payment Authorization ( Fast Pay ) In an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .
streamlining the payment process- acquisition of goods and services verification of receipt and acceptance after payment authorization ( fast pay ) in an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of [now] available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .

Streamlining the Payment Process- Employee Travel Claims Electronic Vouchers , Electronic Edits , and Authorizing Payment BasedonElectronic Validation In an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their employee travel claim payment systems .
streamlining the payment process- employee travel claims electronic vouchers , electronic edits , and authorizing payment basedonelectronic validation in an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of [now] available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their employee travel claim payment systems .

JFMIP also planned to initiate projects to complete the remaining systems requirements where none currently exist .
jfmip also planned to initiate projects to complete the remaining systems requirements where none [now] exist .

Currently , the program is using post-assembly inspection to identify and fix defects rather than statistical process control techniques to prevent them .
[now] , the program is using post-assembly inspection to identify and fix defects rather than statistical process control techniques to prevent them .

Currently , despite being in production , it is unclear whether the supplier of the seeker can produce it within cost , schedule , and quality targets .
[now] , despite being in production , it is unclear whether the supplier of the seeker can produce it within cost , schedule , and quality targets .

Table 7 illustrates key criteria used by commercial companies that are currently lacking in DOD 's policy .
table 7 illustrates key criteria used by commercial companies that are [now] lacking in dod 's policy .

The practices commercial companies use to capture knowledge are not currently used in this environment because the business case does not favor them .
the practices commercial companies use to capture knowledge are not [now] used in this environment because the business case does not favor them .

Currently , managers are focused more on the annual exercise of obtaining funding needed to keep their programs viable and alive .
[now] , managers are focused more on the annual exercise of obtaining funding needed to keep their programs viable and alive .

That issue was addressed in the May 2001 exposure draft and comments are currently being considered .
that issue was addressed in the may 2001 exposure draft and comments are [now] being considered .

In the marked version , italicizing and bolding are used to identify potential added language and striking-out is used to identify potential deleted language from the 1994 revision of Government Auditing Standards , as currently amended .
in the marked version , italicizing and bolding are used to identify potential added language and striking-out is used to identify potential deleted language from the 1994 revision of government auditing standards , as [now] amended .

This rule changes and clarifies certain aspects of the Commission 's microwave relocation rules and adopts a plan for sharing the costs of relocating microwave facilities currently operating in the 1850 to 1990 MHz ( 2GHz ) band .
this rule changes and clarifies certain aspects of the commission 's microwave relocation rules and adopts a plan for sharing the costs of relocating microwave facilities [now] operating in the 1850 to 1990 mhz ( 2ghz ) band .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems [now] in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

These issues are currently being debated and , in many cases , addressed by private-sector and federal efforts .
these issues are [now] being debated and , in many cases , addressed by private-sector and federal efforts .

In a nutshell , GAO currently stands at an important crossroads in its history and in its ability to provide the unique support the Congress and the American people expect from it .
in a nutshell , gao [now] stands at an important crossroads in its history and in its ability to provide the unique support the congress and the american people expect from it .

The Congress is currently considering measures intended to address several of the practices and challenges we identified pertaining to critical infrastructure protection .
the congress is [now] considering measures intended to address several of the practices and challenges we identified pertaining to critical infrastructure protection .

The Congress is currently considering measures intended to address several of the practices and challenges we identified .
the congress is [now] considering measures intended to address several of the practices and challenges we identified .

HHS 's Administration for Children and Families ( ACF ) had a web page on `` ACF Regulations Currently Open for Comment . ''
hhs 's administration for children and families ( acf ) had a web page on `` acf regulations [now] open for comment . ''

However , it was not immediately apparent how to locate that page from the HHS home page ; the user had to click on `` HHS Agencies '' and , at the ACF web page , use a `` dropdown menu '' entitled `` Select a Topic '' within which the `` Regulations Currently Open for Comment '' page is located .
however , it was not immediately apparent how to locate that page from the hhs home page ; the user had to click on `` hhs agencies '' and , at the acf web page , use a `` dropdown menu '' entitled `` select a topic '' within which the `` regulations [now] open for comment '' page is located .

Some of the agencies ' web sites currently provide for such hypertext links , but not for comments on rules.7 For example , a button is provided at the end of each EPA press release that immediately permits the interested public to file a comment on the announcement .
some of the agencies ' web sites [now] provide for such hypertext links , but not for comments on rules.7 for example , a button is provided at the end of each epa press release that immediately permits the interested public to file a comment on the announcement .

The AMS system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the DOT docket management system .
the ams system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments , identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are [now] not available in the dot docket management system .

Although currently limited to this one rule , the program manager said that AMS plans to use these electronic rulemaking features in other potentially controversial rulemakings .
although [now] limited to this one rule , the program manager said that ams plans to use these electronic rulemaking features in other potentially controversial rulemakings .

For example , the State of Washington currently uses a statewide video network for meetings and collaboration , with videos available over the Internet .
for example , the state of washington [now] uses a statewide video network for meetings and collaboration , with videos available over the internet .

Currently , they said , there is no structured way for agencies to learn about best practices in other agencies .
[now] , they said , there is no structured way for agencies to learn about best practices in other agencies .

INS is currently attempting to estimate the increased budgetary impact of detaining all aliens with administratively final orders of deportation pending their removal .
ins is [now] attempting to estimate the increased budgetary impact of detaining all aliens with administratively final orders of deportation pending their removal .

The nine federal agencies that responded to FFC 's questionnaire indicated that they currently measure the valueadded of design review processes primarily from a broad context : Their insight is both subjective ( is the user reasonably happy with the completed facility ? )
the nine federal agencies that responded to ffc 's questionnaire indicated that they [now] measure the valueadded of design review processes primarily from a broad context : their insight is both subjective ( is the user reasonably happy with the completed facility ? )

The extent to which individual federal agencies currently take such measurements and analyze results varies widely .
the extent to which individual federal agencies [now] take such measurements and analyze results varies widely .

When OSI becomes aware of an ongoing executive branch investigation pertaining to a matter OSI is currently investigating , OSI will coordinate its work with the law enforcement agency involved .
when osi becomes aware of an ongoing executive branch investigation pertaining to a matter osi is [now] investigating , osi will coordinate its work with the law enforcement agency involved .

DOD is currently considering submitting its proposal to the Office of Management and Budget .
dod is [now] considering submitting its proposal to the office of management and budget .

It would eliminate any savings that certain agencies currently achieve by implementing the policy .
it would eliminate any savings that certain agencies [now] achieve by implementing the policy .

Many other nations currently financing investment in the United States also will face aging populations and declining national saving , so relying on foreign savers to finance a large share of U.S. domestic investment is not a viable strategy for the long run .
many other nations [now] financing investment in the united states also will face aging populations and declining national saving , so relying on foreign savers to finance a large share of u.s. domestic investment is not a viable strategy for the long run .

Currently , many financial planners advise people that they will need to replace about 70 to 80 percent of their pre-retirement income to maintain their pre-retirement living standard.32 According to the Social Security Administration , Social Security benefits currently replace about 39 percent of pre-retirement income for a worker with average wages ( $ 32,105 in 2000 ) .
[now] , many financial planners advise people that they will need to replace about 70 to 80 percent of their pre-retirement income to maintain their pre-retirement living standard.32 according to the social security administration , social security benefits [now] replace about 39 percent of pre-retirement income for a worker with average wages ( $ 32,105 in 2000 ) .

Social Security currently replaces about 53 percent for low earners and about 24 percent for those who earned the taxable maximum ( $ 72,600 in 2000 ) .33 While Social Security provides a foundation for retirement income , pensions , income from accumulated assets , and current earnings largely determine which households will have the highest retirement incomes , as figure 1.5 shows .
social security [now] replaces about 53 percent for low earners and about 24 percent for those who earned the taxable maximum ( $ 72,600 in 2000 ) .33 while social security provides a foundation for retirement income , pensions , income from accumulated assets , and current earnings largely determine which households will have the highest retirement incomes , as figure 1.5 shows .

Over the long term , many other nations currently financing investment in the United States will themselves be confronted with aging populations and declining national saving .
over the long term , many other nations [now] financing investment in the united states will themselves be confronted with aging populations and declining national saving .

Households for whom individual accounts closely resemble 401 ( k ) s and IRAs and who are currently saving as much as they choose for retirement would probably reduce their own saving in the presence of individual accounts .
households for whom individual accounts closely resemble 401 ( k ) s and iras and who are [now] saving as much as they choose for retirement would probably reduce their own saving in the presence of individual accounts .

For instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to increase private saving because such a program would require households that do not currently save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .
for instance , mandatory account proposals are more likely to increase private saving because such a program would require households that do not [now] save-such as many low-income individuals or families-to place some amount in an individual account .

If the prospect of surpluses over the next decade lulls us into complacency , the nation could face daunting demographic challenges without having changed the path of programs for the elderly or having built the economic capacity to bear the costs of the programs as currently structured .
if the prospect of surpluses over the next decade lulls us into complacency , the nation could face daunting demographic challenges without having changed the path of programs for the elderly or having built the economic capacity to bear the costs of the programs as [now] structured .

This program expands the authority of disability examiners , who currently make initial disability determinations jointly with physicians , and allows the single decision maker to make the initial disability determination and consult with physicians only as needed.14 Our work has shown that agencies can improve the extent to which they devolve authority for employees to make decisions and the extent to which they hold employees accountable for results .
this program expands the authority of disability examiners , who [now] make initial disability determinations jointly with physicians , and allows the single decision maker to make the initial disability determination and consult with physicians only as needed.14 our work has shown that agencies can improve the extent to which they devolve authority for employees to make decisions and the extent to which they hold employees accountable for results .

Currently , specialists and market makers may privately display a better price than their public quotations through certain private trading systems in which priced orders are invisible and inaccessible to investors at large .
[now] , specialists and market makers may privately display a better price than their public quotations through certain private trading systems in which priced orders are invisible and inaccessible to investors at large .

The CIO organization is currently working with several counties to help link them with JNET .
the cio organization is [now] working with several counties to help link them with jnet .

Currently , approximately 1 percent of the IT operating budget is devoted to training .
[now] , approximately 1 percent of the it operating budget is devoted to training .

LSC is committed to promoting a new vision of legal services that will achieve the goal of bringing legal services to those currently denied access to the justice system .
lsc is committed to promoting a new vision of legal services that will achieve the goal of bringing legal services to those [now] denied access to the justice system .

LSC is committed to promoting a new vision of legal services that will achieve the goal of bringing legal services to those currently denied access to the justice system .
lsc is committed to promoting a new vision of legal services that will achieve the goal of bringing legal services to those [now] denied access to the justice system .

Gilbert F. Casellas Gilbert Casellas is currently the President and Chief Operating Officer of the Swarthmore Group , an Investment and Financial Advisory firm located in West Chester , Pennsylvania .
gilbert f. casellas gilbert casellas is [now] the president and chief operating officer of the swarthmore group , an investment and financial advisory firm located in west chester , pennsylvania .

Currently , he serves on the boards of the University of Pennsylvania , the Prudential Insurance Company of America , the Puerto Rican Legal Defense & Education Fund , and the American Arbitration Association .
[now] , he serves on the boards of the university of pennsylvania , the prudential insurance company of america , the puerto rican legal defense & education fund , and the american arbitration association .

Sarah H. Cleveland Sarah Cleveland is currently an Assistant Professor at the University of Texas School of Law teaching courses and doing research in foreign affairs and the Constitution , public international law , international human rights , and federal civil procedure .
sarah h. cleveland sarah cleveland is [now] an assistant professor at the university of texas school of law teaching courses and doing research in foreign affairs and the constitution , public international law , international human rights , and federal civil procedure .

As currently utilized , a pro bono website has two chief functions .
as [now] utilized , a pro bono website has two chief functions .

Used well , intake systems offer the promise of increasing assistance to many who are not currently served .
used well , intake systems offer the promise of increasing assistance to many who are not [now] served .

That plan is currently being revised - as are the 2 `` The conferees have concerns about the case service reporting and associated data reports submitted annually by the Corporation 's grantees and the case statistical reports submitted by the Corporation to the Congress , and the conferees direct the Corporation to make improvement of the accuracy of these submissions a top priority , per directions in the House report .
that plan is [now] being revised - as are the 2 `` the conferees have concerns about the case service reporting and associated data reports submitted annually by the corporation 's grantees and the case statistical reports submitted by the corporation to the congress , and the conferees direct the corporation to make improvement of the accuracy of these submissions a top priority , per directions in the house report .

LSC is committed to promoting a new vision of legal services that will achieve the goal of bringing legal services to those currently denied access to the justice system .
lsc is committed to promoting a new vision of legal services that will achieve the goal of bringing legal services to those [now] denied access to the justice system .

Nonetheless , LSC , having embarked on the path laid out by GPRA , recognizes the need to assess the data currently available on grantee activity for its accuracy and adequacy as a measure of LSC 's performance .
nonetheless , lsc , having embarked on the path laid out by gpra , recognizes the need to assess the data [now] available on grantee activity for its accuracy and adequacy as a measure of lsc 's performance .

Discussed below are two methods of analysis currently under review to accomplish these goals .
discussed below are two methods of analysis [now] under review to accomplish these goals .

Currently , LSC uses a `` cost-per-case '' analysis when it conducts on-site evaluations of grantees .
[now] , lsc uses a `` cost-per-case '' analysis when it conducts on-site evaluations of grantees .

Although we live in a time of great economic prosperity , there are currently still 34.5 million Americans living in households with an income below the poverty level.11 Some 10 million additional individuals with incomes between 100 and 125 percent of the poverty level are also potentially eligible for legal services .
although we live in a time of great economic prosperity , there are [now] still 34.5 million americans living in households with an income below the poverty level.11 some 10 million additional individuals with incomes between 100 and 125 percent of the poverty level are also potentially eligible for legal services .

Because these elements are all included in the concept of strategic planning , as it is currently understood in management practice , one advantage of the term state planning is that it emphasizes that what is involved is strategic planning for state equal justice communities .
because these elements are all included in the concept of strategic planning , as it is [now] understood in management practice , one advantage of the term state planning is that it emphasizes that what is involved is strategic planning for state equal justice communities .

ILS currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the Legal Services Program of Northern Indiana , Inc. ( LSPNI ) which previously received an LSC grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with LSPNI regarding transfer of staff and other assets from LSPNI to ILS .
ils [now] has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the legal services program of northern indiana , inc. ( lspni ) which previously received an lsc grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with lspni regarding transfer of staff and other assets from lspni to ils .

A preliminary evaluation of Phase I , currently under way , has found that most users are happy with the overall implementation of the technology plan to date and believe that it has significantly improved their program 's capacity and their own individual capacity to serve clients .
a preliminary evaluation of phase i , [now] under way , has found that most users are happy with the overall implementation of the technology plan to date and believe that it has significantly improved their program 's capacity and their own individual capacity to serve clients .

The following initiatives to implement the plan are currently under way or planned : State Support Center .
the following initiatives to implement the plan are [now] under way or planned : state support center .

With funding from the Missouri Bar Foundation , Professor Greg Casey of the University of Missouri is currently conducting a scientific legal needs study that will provide a complete , accurate estimate of the need for civil legal assistance in the state .
with funding from the missouri bar foundation , professor greg casey of the university of missouri is [now] conducting a scientific legal needs study that will provide a complete , accurate estimate of the need for civil legal assistance in the state .

They are currently in the process of developing a technology plan for the next 18 months .
they are [now] in the process of developing a technology plan for the next 18 months .

Currently , the State Bar 's Delivery of Legal Services Committee is attempting to involve government attorneys in pro bono efforts , and the Bar Association 's Pro Se Committee , chaired by the Director of New Hampshire Legal Assistance , is working with the New Hampshire Supreme Court to create a courtsponsored Pro Se Task Force and launch a thorough study of pro se issues in the state .
[now] , the state bar 's delivery of legal services committee is attempting to involve government attorneys in pro bono efforts , and the bar association 's pro se committee , chaired by the director of new hampshire legal assistance , is working with the new hampshire supreme court to create a courtsponsored pro se task force and launch a thorough study of pro se issues in the state .

Currently , most of the regions have developed or are developing a regionwide intake system , with the assistance of consultants and funding provided by the Ohio Legal Assistance Foundation and funds granted by LSC under a technical assistance grant .
[now] , most of the regions have developed or are developing a regionwide intake system , with the assistance of consultants and funding provided by the ohio legal assistance foundation and funds granted by lsc under a technical assistance grant .

A NAPIL Fellow is cataloguing all community education material currently in use throughout the state and reviewing them for accuracy , duplication , and needed changes .
a napil fellow is cataloguing all community education material [now] in use throughout the state and reviewing them for accuracy , duplication , and needed changes .

Currently , the Legislature is considering a bill that will charge out-of-state attorneys a fee to practice in Oregon .
[now] , the legislature is considering a bill that will charge out-of-state attorneys a fee to practice in oregon .

Other efforts currently under way or planned include the following :
other efforts [now] under way or planned include the following :

Among the initiatives currently under way as a result of these efforts are the following :
among the initiatives [now] under way as a result of these efforts are the following :

This non-LSC funded entity is available to clients throughout the state and currently consists of six full and part-time staff attorneys .
this non-lsc funded entity is available to clients throughout the state and [now] consists of six full and part-time staff attorneys .

The development of a statewide legal services website , based at the West Virginia College of Law , is currently underway .
the development of a statewide legal services website , based at the west virginia college of law , is [now] underway .

In addition , we outline some changes that the LSC `` Results Group '' ( a working group of senior LSC professionals plus Ken Smith , an outside consultant , that designed , tested , and is currently evaluating and refining a system for reporting matters services ) is considering for improving the reliability of the data obtained for 2002 and 2003 .
in addition , we outline some changes that the lsc `` results group '' ( a working group of senior lsc professionals plus ken smith , an outside consultant , that designed , tested , and is [now] evaluating and refining a system for reporting matters services ) is considering for improving the reliability of the data obtained for 2002 and 2003 .

Our grantees now estimate that they currently turn away four out of every five low-income individuals who are seeking critical legal assistance .
our grantees now estimate that they [now] turn away four out of every five low-income individuals who are seeking critical legal assistance .

LSC currently provides over 90 % of the funding for legal services in Alabama , and realization of the need for diverse funding is prompting the state justice community to create a development office that will seek diverse funding for legal services in Alabama .
lsc [now] provides over 90 % of the funding for legal services in alabama , and realization of the need for diverse funding is prompting the state justice community to create a development office that will seek diverse funding for legal services in alabama .

The Tech Center is governed by a board of directors composed of representatives of the collaborative partners , and is currently housed at Chicago Kent College of Law .
the tech center is governed by a board of directors composed of representatives of the collaborative partners , and is [now] housed at chicago kent college of law .

Currently Nevada has no uniform set of forms , and local variations often pose barriers for pro se clients .
[now] nevada has no uniform set of forms , and local variations often pose barriers for pro se clients .

The terms currently used to define the endpoints employed in the rapid , chronic and sub-chronic toxicity tests have been derived from the terms previously used for full life-cycle tests .
the terms [now] used to define the endpoints employed in the rapid , chronic and sub-chronic toxicity tests have been derived from the terms previously used for full life-cycle tests .

The terms currently used to define the endpoints employed in the rapid , chronic and sub-chronic toxicity tests have been derived from the terms previously used for full life-cycle tests .
the terms [now] used to define the endpoints employed in the rapid , chronic and sub-chronic toxicity tests have been derived from the terms previously used for full life-cycle tests .

For this and other reasons , AMIGA currently reports results only through the year 2015 .
for this and other reasons , amiga [now] reports results only through the year 2015 .

Explicit technology representation - AMIGA reads in files with detailed lists of technologies ( currently with a focus on energy-efficient and low-carbon energy supply technologies , including electric generating units ) containing performance characteristics , availability status , costs , anticipated learning effects , and emission rates where appropriate ; 3 ) .
explicit technology representation - amiga reads in files with detailed lists of technologies ( [now] with a focus on energy-efficient and low-carbon energy supply technologies , including electric generating units ) containing performance characteristics , availability status , costs , anticipated learning effects , and emission rates where appropriate ; 3 ) .

Further , the Clear Skies Act amends certain provisions of Title I of the Clean Air Act that currently apply to the combustion units covered by the new Title IV emission caps .
further , the clear skies act amends certain provisions of title i of the clean air act that [now] apply to the combustion units covered by the new title iv emission caps .

The President 's flexible , market-based approach to reducing emissions from power generators stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which currently confront the industry .
the president 's flexible , market-based approach to reducing emissions from power generators stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which [now] confront the industry .

SCR is currently the predominant technology to be used for NOX control and is also the most demanding in terms of resources and time to install when compared to other NOx control technologies .
scr is [now] the predominant technology to be used for nox control and is also the most demanding in terms of resources and time to install when compared to other nox control technologies .

Bolstered by the fact that there is currently a worldwide excess capacity problem for suppliers of these globally traded commodity chemicals , it is projected that there will be an ample supply of ammonia and urea .
bolstered by the fact that there is [now] a worldwide excess capacity problem for suppliers of these globally traded commodity chemicals , it is projected that there will be an ample supply of ammonia and urea .

Activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is [now] substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .

Currently , power plants are required to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides ( NOX ) and sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) .
[now] , power plants are required to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides ( nox ) and sulfur dioxide ( so2 ) .

Currently , the installed maximum single absorber capacity in the U.S. is 890 MWe being fed by 2 boilers at Tampa Electric 's Big Bend Station .
[now] , the installed maximum single absorber capacity in the u.s. is 890 mwe being fed by 2 boilers at tampa electric 's big bend station .

Currently , approximately 900 MWe of single absorber capacity has been successfully installed in the U.S .
[now] , approximately 900 mwe of single absorber capacity has been successfully installed in the u.s .

However , most facilities are currently equipped with ESPs , and some are equipped with FFs .
however , most facilities are [now] equipped with esps , and some are equipped with ffs .

The `` Cumulative Total '' MWe shown in Table 6-1 includes facilities that currently are equipped with the technology or are expected to be equipped with the technology as a result of current air quality rules , such as SCRs resulting from the NOX SIP Call as well as the projected retrofits under the Clear Skies Act .
the `` cumulative total '' mwe shown in table 6-1 includes facilities that [now] are equipped with the technology or are expected to be equipped with the technology as a result of current air quality rules , such as scrs resulting from the nox sip call as well as the projected retrofits under the clear skies act .

EPA estimated that up to 72 GWe of SCR would result from the NOX SIP Call and an additional 13 GWe from individual state multipollutant rules with approximately 14 GWe currently installed .
epa estimated that up to 72 gwe of scr would result from the nox sip call and an additional 13 gwe from individual state multipollutant rules with approximately 14 gwe [now] installed .

The total number of members in the boilermaker 's construction division is currently about 24,000 journeymen and apprentices.44 The union has about 4000 members in Canada .
the total number of members in the boilermaker 's construction division is [now] about 24,000 journeymen and apprentices.44 the union has about 4000 members in canada .

Since 1998 , close to 200 GWe of new capacity have been built or is currently under construction with an even larger quantity being proposed .
since 1998 , close to 200 gwe of new capacity have been built or is [now] under construction with an even larger quantity being proposed .

Due to the installation of SCR units for the NOX SIP Call , a significant percentage of the boilermakers who are currently working in the utility industry would be needed to complete those retrofits by 2004 .
due to the installation of scr units for the nox sip call , a significant percentage of the boilermakers who are [now] working in the utility industry would be needed to complete those retrofits by 2004 .

Considering only the boilermakers who are currently in demand by the utility industry , the demand would be about 38 percent of the journeyman boilermakers or about 31 percent for journeymen and apprentices combined .
considering only the boilermakers who are [now] in demand by the utility industry , the demand would be about 38 percent of the journeyman boilermakers or about 31 percent for journeymen and apprentices combined .

Suppliers that have offered catalyst for coal applications in the past but currently focus strictly on gas and oil -fired applications were not included .
suppliers that have offered catalyst for coal applications in the past but [now] focus strictly on gas and oil -fired applications were not included .

GqÜáë=çåó=áåÅäìÇÉë=Å~í~óëí=ã~åìÑ~ÅíìêÉë=ïÜç=ÅìêêÉåíó=ëìééäó=Å~í~óëí=Ñçê=Åç~äJÑáêÉÇ=~ééäáÅ~áçåëK páÖåáÑáÅ~åí=~ÇÇááçå~ä=Å~é~Åó=ë=~î~ä~ÄäÉ=Ñêçã=ëìééäáÉë=íÜ~í=ã~ó=Ü~îÉ=çÑÑÉêÉÇ=Å~í~óëí=Ñçê=Åç~ä ~ééäáÅ~áçåë=áå=íÜÉ=é~ëíI=Äìí=ÅìêêÉåíó=ÑçÅìë=çå=Ö~ë=~åÇ=çä=JÑáêÉÇ=~ééäáÅ~áçåë=~åÇ=ÅçìäÇ=éçíÉåíá~ó ëÜáÑí=Å~é~Åáíó=íç=~=Åç~ä=éêçÇìÅíK Currently , the equivalent of approximately 100 GWe of coal , oil , and gas-fired capacity worldwide utilizes SCR technology .
gqüáë=çåó=áååäìçéë=å~í~óëí=ã~åìñ~åíìêéë=ïüç=åìêêéåíó=ëìééäó=å~í~óëí=ñçê=åç~äjñáêéç=~ééäáå~áçåëk páöåáñáå~åí=~ççááçå~ä=å~é~åó=ë=~î~ä~ääé=ñêçã=ëìééäáéë=íü~í=ã~ó=ü~îé=çññéêéç=å~í~óëí=ñçê=åç~ä ~ééäáå~áçåë=áå=íüé=é~ëíi=äìí=åìêêéåíó=ñçåìë=çå=ö~ë=~åç=çä=jñáêéç=~ééäáå~áçåë=~åç=åçìäç=éçíéåíá~ó ëüáñí=å~é~åáíó=íç=~=åç~ä=éêççìåík [now] , the equivalent of approximately 100 gwe of coal , oil , and gas-fired capacity worldwide utilizes scr technology .

Like ammonia , the urea market is currently experiencing an oversupply situation .
like ammonia , the urea market is [now] experiencing an oversupply situation .

AC producers are concentrating increasingly on the Asia-Pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs ; reported capacity expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for Asia-Pacific and Russia.50 According to Norit , the largest supplier of AC for air pollution control purposes , there is currently adequate excess capacity to accommodate significant growth in the demand ( tens of millions of pounds/yr , or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr ) .51 However , depending upon how much growth occurs as a result of regulation , additional capacity may be necessary .
ac producers are concentrating increasingly on the asia-pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs ; reported capacity expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for asia-pacific and russia.50 according to norit , the largest supplier of ac for air pollution control purposes , there is [now] adequate excess capacity to accommodate significant growth in the demand ( tens of millions of pounds/yr , or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr ) .51 however , depending upon how much growth occurs as a result of regulation , additional capacity may be necessary .

Moreover , the U.S. market for catalyst is currently larger than all of the other national markets combined .
moreover , the u.s. market for catalyst is [now] larger than all of the other national markets combined .

In fact , there is currently a worldwide excess capacity problem for suppliers of these commodity chemicals that are traded globally .
in fact , there is [now] a worldwide excess capacity problem for suppliers of these commodity chemicals that are traded globally .

Although U.S. demand for activated carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
although u.s. demand for activated carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is [now] substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .

Currently , current forty plus states have fish advisories ; that number would be reduced .
[now] , current forty plus states have fish advisories ; that number would be reduced .

Regulating Emissions from Power Generation The President 's legislative approach stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which currently confront the industry .
regulating emissions from power generation the president 's legislative approach stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which [now] confront the industry .

In addition to the quantified and monetized benefits summarized above , there are a number of additional categories are not currently amenable to quantification or valuation .
in addition to the quantified and monetized benefits summarized above , there are a number of additional categories are not [now] amenable to quantification or valuation .

EPA is currently investigating methods to quantify and monetize the human health related benefits of reductions in air emissions of mercury .
epa is [now] investigating methods to quantify and monetize the human health related benefits of reductions in air emissions of mercury .

However , the SAB , supported by recent literature addressing this issue ( Rossi et al. , 1999 ; Schwartz , 2000 ) , subsequently advised EPA that there is currently no scientific basis for selecting a threshold of 15 : g/m3 or any other specific threshold for the PM-related health effects considered in this analysis ( EPA-SAB-Council-ADV-99-012 , 1999 ) .
however , the sab , supported by recent literature addressing this issue ( rossi et al. , 1999 ; schwartz , 2000 ) , subsequently advised epa that there is [now] no scientific basis for selecting a threshold of 15 : g/m3 or any other specific threshold for the pm-related health effects considered in this analysis ( epa-sab-council-adv-99-012 , 1999 ) .

It is currently unknown whether there is a time lag -- a delay between changes in PM exposures and changes in mortality rates -- in the chronic PM/mortality relationship .
it is [now] unknown whether there is a time lag -- a delay between changes in pm exposures and changes in mortality rates -- in the chronic pm/mortality relationship .

Other uncertainties specific to premature mortality valuation include the following : Across-study Variation : The analytical procedure used in the main analysis to estimate the monetary benefits of avoided premature mortality assumes that the appropriate economic value for each incidence is a value from the currently accepted range of the value of a statistical life .
other uncertainties specific to premature mortality valuation include the following : across-study variation : the analytical procedure used in the main analysis to estimate the monetary benefits of avoided premature mortality assumes that the appropriate economic value for each incidence is a value from the [now] accepted range of the value of a statistical life .

The latter assumption is probably weak , but there is currently no way to improve upon it .
the latter assumption is probably weak , but there is [now] no way to improve upon it .

This belief is based primarily on the perception of a cost differential between rural and city delivery.1 This perception is one of the bases for the argument that a universal service requirement is necessary to assure the continuation of rural delivery or at least the level of service currently accorded rural areas.2 The purpose of this paper is to analyze rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .
this belief is based primarily on the perception of a cost differential between rural and city delivery.1 this perception is one of the bases for the argument that a universal service requirement is necessary to assure the continuation of rural delivery or at least the level of service [now] accorded rural areas.2 the purpose of this paper is to analyze rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .

Before I whip out my somewhat cloudy crystal ball , I thought you might be interested in a brief outline of the process currently associated with postal rate making .
before i whip out my somewhat cloudy crystal ball , i thought you might be interested in a brief outline of the process [now] associated with postal rate making .

Speaking of delivery confirmation , it is currently available for Priority and Parcel Post .
speaking of delivery confirmation , it is [now] available for priority and parcel post .

As I recall from the numbers in that July 20th Atlanta Journal-Constitution article , there goes much of that 8 percent of envelopes that currently carry bills and payments .
as i recall from the numbers in that july 20th atlanta journal-constitution article , there goes much of that 8 percent of envelopes that [now] carry bills and payments .

Note that the extent of any changes that would be made is a measure of the extent of non-market choices that have been allowed by the protection currently provided .
note that the extent of any changes that would be made is a measure of the extent of non-market choices that have been allowed by the protection [now] provided .

This would not be done in a 12 The law currently specifies that the rates for books will not vary with distance .
this would not be done in a 12 the law [now] specifies that the rates for books will not vary with distance .

Currently it adheres to a policy that postage will be sold at face value , regardless of the costs associated with its sale .
[now] it adheres to a policy that postage will be sold at face value , regardless of the costs associated with its sale .

When that mail leaves the system , who gets to eat that big slice of the institutional cost pie that Class mail currently enjoys ?
when that mail leaves the system , who gets to eat that big slice of the institutional cost pie that class mail [now] enjoys ?

Postal Service , the Commission extended their application for an additional five-year period in a recent rulemaking.11 Conclusion : Specialized Postal Rate Commission rules of procedure are currently available for use by the Postal Service to provide expeditious consideration of proposed service innovations in a manner consistent with the due process rights of all interested persons .
postal service , the commission extended their application for an additional five-year period in a recent rulemaking.11 conclusion : specialized postal rate commission rules of procedure are [now] available for use by the postal service to provide expeditious consideration of proposed service innovations in a manner consistent with the due process rights of all interested persons .

Thus , each firm would have to incur the same route time costs that the incumbent currently incurs .
thus , each firm would have to incur the same route time costs that the incumbent [now] incurs .

Since each firm will have only half the volume , the number of accesses by each firm will be less than the incumbent currently experiences .
since each firm will have only half the volume , the number of accesses by each firm will be less than the incumbent [now] experiences .

The lowest rate currently charged by the Postal Service is 11.0 to 11.4 cents for saturation mail weighing up to 3.3 ounces and drop shipped at the delivery office.14 Newspapers deliver about 86 billion inserts annually,15 while the U.S .
the lowest rate [now] charged by the postal service is 11.0 to 11.4 cents for saturation mail weighing up to 3.3 ounces and drop shipped at the delivery office.14 newspapers deliver about 86 billion inserts annually,15 while the u.s .

Some mailers currently use cream skimmers because of service considerations .
some mailers [now] use cream skimmers because of service considerations .

Currently in custody , he is the last known Saudi muscle candidate to be sent to the United States , in early August 2001 , to round out the number of hijackers .
[now] in custody , he is the last known saudi muscle candidate to be sent to the united states , in early august 2001 , to round out the number of hijackers .

The intelligence community currently makes information shareable by creating `` tearline '' reports , with the nonshareable information at the top and then , below the `` tearline , '' the portion that recipients are told they can share .
the intelligence community [now] makes information shareable by creating `` tearline '' reports , with the nonshareable information at the top and then , below the `` tearline , '' the portion that recipients are told they can share .

The president is required by law to ensure the congressional Intelligence committees are kept fully and currently informed of the intelligence activities of the United States .
the president is required by law to ensure the congressional intelligence committees are kept fully and [now] informed of the intelligence activities of the united states .

It stated that the FAA had no credible evidence of specific plans to attack U.S. civil aviation , though it noted that some of the `` currently active '' terrorist groups were known to `` plan and train for hijackings '' and were able to build and conceal sophisticated explosive devices in luggage and consumer products .
it stated that the faa had no credible evidence of specific plans to attack u.s. civil aviation , though it noted that some of the `` [now] active '' terrorist groups were known to `` plan and train for hijackings '' and were able to build and conceal sophisticated explosive devices in luggage and consumer products .

He noted that two key al Qaeda members in the Jordanian cell involved in the millennium plot were naturalized U.S. citizens and that one jihadist suspected in the East Africa bombings had `` informed the FBI that an extensive network of al Qida 'sleeper agents ' currently exists in the US . ''
he noted that two key al qaeda members in the jordanian cell involved in the millennium plot were naturalized u.s. citizens and that one jihadist suspected in the east africa bombings had `` informed the fbi that an extensive network of al qida 'sleeper agents ' [now] exists in the us . ''

The presentation mentioned the possibility of suicide hijackings but said that `` fortunately , we have no indication that any group is currently thinking in that direction . ''
the presentation mentioned the possibility of suicide hijackings but said that `` fortunately , we have no indication that any group is [now] thinking in that direction . ''

The problem is nearly intractable because of the way the government is currently structured .
the problem is nearly intractable because of the way the government is [now] structured .

Currently , no one is doing this job .
[now] , no one is doing this job .

Currently , the United States and the international community envision enough support so that the central government can build a truly national army and extend essential infrastructure and minimum public services to major towns and regions .
[now] , the united states and the international community envision enough support so that the central government can build a truly national army and extend essential infrastructure and minimum public services to major towns and regions .

While Saudi domestic charities are regulated by the Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare , charities and international relief agencies , such as the World Assembly of Muslim Youth ( WAMY ) , are currently regulated by the Ministry of Islamic Affairs .
while saudi domestic charities are regulated by the ministry of labor and social welfare , charities and international relief agencies , such as the world assembly of muslim youth ( wamy ) , are [now] regulated by the ministry of islamic affairs .

The small terrorist travel intelligence collection and analysis program currently in place has produced disproportionately useful results .
the small terrorist travel intelligence collection and analysis program [now] in place has produced disproportionately useful results .

Currently U.S. persons are exempt from carrying passports when returning from Canada , Mexico , and the Caribbean .
[now] u.s. persons are exempt from carrying passports when returning from canada , mexico , and the caribbean .

Currently a major portion of the billions of dollars appropriated for state and local assistance is allocated so that each state gets a certain amount , or an allocation based on its population-wherever they live .
[now] a major portion of the billions of dollars appropriated for state and local assistance is allocated so that each state gets a certain amount , or an allocation based on its population-wherever they live .

Mandates for open access to articles summarizing the results of publicly funded research would not be mandates for scientists to submit work only to the handful of journals , like PLoS Biology and PLoS Medicine , that currently make their content immediately free online in centralized repositories .
mandates for open access to articles summarizing the results of publicly funded research would not be mandates for scientists to submit work only to the handful of journals , like plos biology and plos medicine , that [now] make their content immediately free online in centralized repositories .

The Watamu Turtle Watch Program is currently paying fishermen just over $ 3 a turtle to release the animals from their nets rather than kill them .
the watamu turtle watch program is [now] paying fishermen just over $ 3 a turtle to release the animals from their nets rather than kill them .

Voluntarily sticking to higher standards of ethics will raise societal respect for the industry ( currently being battered for greed ) and attract a more talented workforce , and may even help the current efforts to reform the tort law .
voluntarily sticking to higher standards of ethics will raise societal respect for the industry ( [now] being battered for greed ) and attract a more talented workforce , and may even help the current efforts to reform the tort law .

If α-secretase stimulation is to be truly viable as a human clinical intervention , it will be essential to assess the possibility that enhanced APP ectodomain shedding might incur mechanism-based toxicity ( analogous to the concerns currently surrounding γ-secretase inhibitors ) .
if α-secretase stimulation is to be truly viable as a human clinical intervention , it will be essential to assess the possibility that enhanced app ectodomain shedding might incur mechanism-based toxicity ( analogous to the concerns [now] surrounding γ-secretase inhibitors ) .

In all analyses involving insulin , glucose , and QUICKI ( but not leptin , ghrelin , and adiponectin ) , participants with diabetes ( self-reported diagnosis , or currently taking insulin or diabetic medications , or with glucose > 300 mg/dl ) were excluded .
in all analyses involving insulin , glucose , and quicki ( but not leptin , ghrelin , and adiponectin ) , participants with diabetes ( self-reported diagnosis , or [now] taking insulin or diabetic medications , or with glucose > 300 mg/dl ) were excluded .

Zilles and his colleagues also are currently using molecular imaging techniques to update the existing maps of the different areas within our brains .
zilles and his colleagues also are [now] using molecular imaging techniques to update the existing maps of the different areas within our brains .

For those ( few ) reviews that are currently posted on Drugs @ FDA , one can determine the indication being evaluated only after opening the document and paging through it .
for those ( few ) reviews that are [now] posted on drugs @ fda , one can determine the indication being evaluated only after opening the document and paging through it .

While we await the creation of a clinical trials registry and results database that is truly comprehensive , we already have at our disposal one that could serve as a trove of in-depth and unbiased information on many , if not most , drugs currently marketed in the US .
while we await the creation of a clinical trials registry and results database that is truly comprehensive , we already have at our disposal one that could serve as a trove of in-depth and unbiased information on many , if not most , drugs [now] marketed in the us .

We do not currently understand all of the features that determine the reactivity of a particular thiol to H 2 O 2 ( Poole et al .
we do not [now] understand all of the features that determine the reactivity of a particular thiol to h 2 o 2 ( poole et al .

Constructing Ethical Guidelines for Biohistory ” [ 1 ] , neither advocates nor argues against biohistorical research ; instead , it points out that such investigations are currently taking place without guidelines—ethical , scientific , moral , or religious .
constructing ethical guidelines for biohistory ” [ 1 ] , neither advocates nor argues against biohistorical research ; instead , it points out that such investigations are [now] taking place without guidelines—ethical , scientific , moral , or religious .

The researchers are currently studying interactions between neuregulin and alpha 7 , which Role thinks will prove important .
the researchers are [now] studying interactions between neuregulin and alpha 7 , which role thinks will prove important .

Women in Japan currently have the highest average life expectancy of 85 , he notes : “ The figure could be 100 in six decades , but not 500. ” There 's remarkably little people can do even if they want to live as long as possible , he says .
women in japan [now] have the highest average life expectancy of 85 , he notes : “ the figure could be 100 in six decades , but not 500. ” there 's remarkably little people can do even if they want to live as long as possible , he says .

We also discuss how our proposed ARV allocation strategy differs from the currently proposed plan .
we also discuss how our proposed arv allocation strategy differs from the [now] proposed plan .

Treatment allocation strategies could also be designed based on reducing the future epidemic impact and disregarding treatment equality amongst currently infected people .
treatment allocation strategies could also be designed based on reducing the future epidemic impact and disregarding treatment equality amongst [now] infected people .

Such strategies place different social value on currently infected people in comparison with future infected people ; such strategies therefore may not be ethical even though they may be epidemiologically sound ( also , it is important to note that any epidemic predictions have large uncertainty ranges [ 28,29 ] ) .
such strategies place different social value on [now] infected people in comparison with future infected people ; such strategies therefore may not be ethical even though they may be epidemiologically sound ( also , it is important to note that any epidemic predictions have large uncertainty ranges [ 28,29 ] ) .

Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are currently embroiled in controversy over whether they are associated with an elevated risk of suicide [ 20 ] .
selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are [now] embroiled in controversy over whether they are associated with an elevated risk of suicide [ 20 ] .

The team tested the combination of chloroquine and SP , currently the first-line therapy in Uganda , the combination of amodiaquine and SP , a cheap regimen proven to be efficacious in previous trials , and the combination of amodiaquine and artesunate .
the team tested the combination of chloroquine and sp , [now] the first-line therapy in uganda , the combination of amodiaquine and sp , a cheap regimen proven to be efficacious in previous trials , and the combination of amodiaquine and artesunate .

A number of scientists are currently on the trail of suspected CWD disease reservoirs .
a number of scientists are [now] on the trail of suspected cwd disease reservoirs .

Such directed drug development funding could be similar to existing nonprofit development projects , such as those currently resourced to address treatments for neglected diseases like malaria and tuberculosis ( TB ) .
such directed drug development funding could be similar to existing nonprofit development projects , such as those [now] resourced to address treatments for neglected diseases like malaria and tuberculosis ( tb ) .

From the published scientific literature in peer-reviewed journals on stem cells , a major message can be distilled : namely , the vast difference that currently exists in our understanding of , and the potential utility of , embryonic versus adult stem cells as sources of material for research and clinical purposes .
from the published scientific literature in peer-reviewed journals on stem cells , a major message can be distilled : namely , the vast difference that [now] exists in our understanding of , and the potential utility of , embryonic versus adult stem cells as sources of material for research and clinical purposes .

Currently , major difficulties and inadequate understanding exist with most other types of adult stem cells reported to date .
[now] , major difficulties and inadequate understanding exist with most other types of adult stem cells reported to date .

The Sea Grant program in conjunction with interested business , is also currently assessing the carrying capacity of open-water pens as well as their potential environmental impact .
the sea grant program in conjunction with interested business , is also [now] assessing the carrying capacity of open-water pens as well as their potential environmental impact .

At least a dozen additional trials that examine STIs are currently recruiting patients and will help answer these questions .
at least a dozen additional trials that examine stis are [now] recruiting patients and will help answer these questions .

This attention is needed because the aging populations of the currently low-income and middle-income countries are expected to be those among whom major cardiovascular risk factors will increasingly be concentrated .
this attention is needed because the aging populations of the [now] low-income and middle-income countries are expected to be those among whom major cardiovascular risk factors will increasingly be concentrated .

A World Apart Autism spectrum disorder strikes between one and six out of every 1,000 children around the world , but diagnosis and treatment are currently limited to developed countries .
a world apart autism spectrum disorder strikes between one and six out of every 1,000 children around the world , but diagnosis and treatment are [now] limited to developed countries .

Other avenues currently being pursued explore individual variability , development , and comparisons between species ( See Box 1 ) .
other avenues [now] being pursued explore individual variability , development , and comparisons between species ( see box 1 ) .

These days , diatoms and their exquisite shells are also attracting the attention of nanotechnologists who hope that diatoms will teach them how to make minute structures currently beyond the capabilities of materials scientists .
these days , diatoms and their exquisite shells are also attracting the attention of nanotechnologists who hope that diatoms will teach them how to make minute structures [now] beyond the capabilities of materials scientists .

Such tedious techniques are currently used in the semiconductor industry .
such tedious techniques are [now] used in the semiconductor industry .

Unfortunately , this ca n't currently be done .
unfortunately , this ca n't [now] be done .

This is an important new area of research that could conceivably lead to more physiological sleep aids than are currently available , with profound implications for improved public health .
this is an important new area of research that could conceivably lead to more physiological sleep aids than are [now] available , with profound implications for improved public health .

I am currently pursuing the impact of ion channel compensation in Drosophila photoreceptors ( Niven et al .
i am [now] pursuing the impact of ion channel compensation in drosophila photoreceptors ( niven et al .

Unless we rectify this situation , it is likely to undermine many of the other “ -omic ” efforts currently underway .
unless we rectify this situation , it is likely to undermine many of the other “ -omic ” efforts [now] underway .

Currently , the patient is on warfarin , 2.5 mg daily , while completing a 6-mo warfarin regimen .
[now] , the patient is on warfarin , 2.5 mg daily , while completing a 6-mo warfarin regimen .

Over 60 nation-states are currently parties to the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control , including many European nations and Japan , although the United States has yet to approve this treaty .
over 60 nation-states are [now] parties to the framework convention on tobacco control , including many european nations and japan , although the united states has yet to approve this treaty .

Protocols are currently available for only a few cell types , mostly of neural identity [ 1–3 ] , and differentiation into many of the cell types derived from the paraxial mesoderm has not been reported , with the exception of a recent study indicating osteoblastic differentiation [ 4 ] .
protocols are [now] available for only a few cell types , mostly of neural identity [ 1–3 ] , and differentiation into many of the cell types derived from the paraxial mesoderm has not been reported , with the exception of a recent study indicating osteoblastic differentiation [ 4 ] .

Genetic profiles identifying metastatic tumors [ 7 ] , serum biomarkers , and proteomic profiles are currently being developed to identify patients at risk [ 8,9 ] .
genetic profiles identifying metastatic tumors [ 7 ] , serum biomarkers , and proteomic profiles are [now] being developed to identify patients at risk [ 8,9 ] .

Combined T2* and pixel variance analysis achieved a sensitivity of 98 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 88 % –99 % ) and a specificity of 92 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 87 % –96 % ) comparable to that of the learning set and much superior to currently used size criteria .
combined t2* and pixel variance analysis achieved a sensitivity of 98 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 88 % –99 % ) and a specificity of 92 % ( 95 % confidence interval : 87 % –96 % ) comparable to that of the learning set and much superior to [now] used size criteria .

These results are highly relevant in cancer staging because they provide evidence that ( a ) quantitative tissue parameters enable diagnosis of lymph node metastases while reducing interobserver variability and ( b ) that semiautomated reconstructions allow spatially more extensive mapping than is currently possible .
these results are highly relevant in cancer staging because they provide evidence that ( a ) quantitative tissue parameters enable diagnosis of lymph node metastases while reducing interobserver variability and ( b ) that semiautomated reconstructions allow spatially more extensive mapping than is [now] possible .

Nodal cancer staging currently relies on invasive procedures ( surgical lymph node dissection , sentinel lymph node resection , biopsy ) with significant morbidity and cost [ 22,23 ] , or insensitive tomographic imaging methods [ 24 ] .
nodal cancer staging [now] relies on invasive procedures ( surgical lymph node dissection , sentinel lymph node resection , biopsy ) with significant morbidity and cost [ 22,23 ] , or insensitive tomographic imaging methods [ 24 ] .

Currently , neoadjuvant therapy is often reserved for postoperative patients , once the nodal status has been determined .
[now] , neoadjuvant therapy is often reserved for postoperative patients , once the nodal status has been determined .

Celebrities paid by drug companies to promote drugs , or ‘ raise awareness ’ about disease , should be subject to the same rules as direct-to-consumer advertising , which would mean prohibition in many nations and much more fulsome disclosure in the United States than is currently the case .
celebrities paid by drug companies to promote drugs , or ‘ raise awareness ’ about disease , should be subject to the same rules as direct-to-consumer advertising , which would mean prohibition in many nations and much more fulsome disclosure in the united states than is [now] the case .

Although precise figures are not available , over 1 million United States citizens currently live with the disease , with approximately 30,000 new cases diagnosed in the US each year .
although precise figures are not available , over 1 million united states citizens [now] live with the disease , with approximately 30,000 new cases diagnosed in the us each year .

Perhaps the engineering obstacles that currently limit the closed-loop insulin pump can be overcome .
perhaps the engineering obstacles that [now] limit the closed-loop insulin pump can be overcome .

While such potential therapies remain experimental , pancreas transplantation is currently performed in patients with complicated diabetes .
while such potential therapies remain experimental , pancreas transplantation is [now] performed in patients with complicated diabetes .

Current Limitations of Islet Transplantation While significant progress has been made in the islet transplantation field [ 14 ] , many obstacles remain that currently preclude its widespread application .
current limitations of islet transplantation while significant progress has been made in the islet transplantation field [ 14 ] , many obstacles remain that [now] preclude its widespread application .

Two of the most important limitations are the currently inadequate means for preventing islet rejection , and the limited supply of islets for transplantation .
two of the most important limitations are the [now] inadequate means for preventing islet rejection , and the limited supply of islets for transplantation .

To circumvent this organ shortage problem , researchers continue to look for ways to grow islets—or at least cells capable of physiologically regulated insulin secretion—in vitro , but currently only islets from cadaveric donors can be used to restore euglycemia .
to circumvent this organ shortage problem , researchers continue to look for ways to grow islets—or at least cells capable of physiologically regulated insulin secretion—in vitro , but [now] only islets from cadaveric donors can be used to restore euglycemia .

While many targets are currently under investigation , none are ready for clinical use .
while many targets are [now] under investigation , none are ready for clinical use .

Retrieval engines currently often ignore such terms .
retrieval engines [now] often ignore such terms .

Zon has worked on disease models for blood ( Figure 4 ) , blood vessel , and heart disorders but is currently studying zebrafish models of cancer .
zon has worked on disease models for blood ( figure 4 ) , blood vessel , and heart disorders but is [now] studying zebrafish models of cancer .

Virus sequencing studies currently in progress in this cohort indicate that viral breakthrough is associated with sequence changes within and outside known CTL epitopes ( data not shown ) .
virus sequencing studies [now] in progress in this cohort indicate that viral breakthrough is associated with sequence changes within and outside known ctl epitopes ( data not shown ) .

On the other hand , this apparent contradiction may indicate that prion formation is a more complicated process than we currently think and that it may involve many cellular factors .
on the other hand , this apparent contradiction may indicate that prion formation is a more complicated process than we [now] think and that it may involve many cellular factors .

Finding these novel prions could be of very high significance since they may provide insight into a wide range of currently unexplained epigenetic phenomena .
finding these novel prions could be of very high significance since they may provide insight into a wide range of [now] unexplained epigenetic phenomena .

The prevalence of asthma among people who smoke is currently not known , but in order to study COPD/emphysema in a population without other confounding variables , people who might have had asthma were excluded , and thus our findings are restricted to non-asthmatic individuals with emphysema .
the prevalence of asthma among people who smoke is [now] not known , but in order to study copd/emphysema in a population without other confounding variables , people who might have had asthma were excluded , and thus our findings are restricted to non-asthmatic individuals with emphysema .

The therapy of COPD and emphysema is currently limited to pharmacologic bronchodilation to relieve dyspnea , antibiotics for intercurrent respiratory tract infection , and vaccination against prominent respiratory pathogens .
the therapy of copd and emphysema is [now] limited to pharmacologic bronchodilation to relieve dyspnea , antibiotics for intercurrent respiratory tract infection , and vaccination against prominent respiratory pathogens .

Testing the second prediction against data is hampered by the fact that , to our knowledge , no study has characterized the age-specific distribution of antibody concentration in a large population using the currently accepted methodology , which includes absorption with both cell wall polysaccharide and serotype 22F polysaccharide [ 13,19 ] .
testing the second prediction against data is hampered by the fact that , to our knowledge , no study has characterized the age-specific distribution of antibody concentration in a large population using the [now] accepted methodology , which includes absorption with both cell wall polysaccharide and serotype 22f polysaccharide [ 13,19 ] .

More than 7 million South Asians are currently infected with HIV [ 3 ] , nearly 5 million of whom are in India [ 3 ] .
more than 7 million south asians are [now] infected with hiv [ 3 ] , nearly 5 million of whom are in india [ 3 ] .

We argue that there is currently a short window of opportunity to take action to control the HIV epidemic in Nepal—and that inaction will lead to HIV becoming the biggest killer of the young and middle-aged in the next decade .
we argue that there is [now] a short window of opportunity to take action to control the hiv epidemic in nepal—and that inaction will lead to hiv becoming the biggest killer of the young and middle-aged in the next decade .

Although 6 million people living in developing countries are in urgent need of antiretroviral therapy , only 700,000 currently receive effective treatment [ 1 ] .
although 6 million people living in developing countries are in urgent need of antiretroviral therapy , only 700,000 [now] receive effective treatment [ 1 ] .

Such a device is currently in commercial development , and may be available by early 2006 .
such a device is [now] in commercial development , and may be available by early 2006 .

Will fMRI 's utility in the real world ever match the power we currently imagine for it ?
will fmri 's utility in the real world ever match the power we [now] imagine for it ?

The resolution of the best fMRI machines—the smallest “ volume picture element , ” or voxel , they can distinguish and make an image of—is currently about 1.5 mm ×1.5 mm × 4 mm , the size of a grain of rice .
the resolution of the best fmri machines—the smallest “ volume picture element , ” or voxel , they can distinguish and make an image of—is [now] about 1.5 mm ×1.5 mm × 4 mm , the size of a grain of rice .

Where fMRI is concerned , “ a penny for your thoughts ” is currently more like “ a million pennies for a group-averaged hemodynamic response to highly constrained stimuli under entirely artificial conditions. ” In light of this , bioethical concerns about fMRI applications should perhaps be viewed not as predictions of a certain future but rather as worstcase scenarios , a reminder of what we want to avoid .
where fmri is concerned , “ a penny for your thoughts ” is [now] more like “ a million pennies for a group-averaged hemodynamic response to highly constrained stimuli under entirely artificial conditions. ” in light of this , bioethical concerns about fmri applications should perhaps be viewed not as predictions of a certain future but rather as worstcase scenarios , a reminder of what we want to avoid .

The FDA is currently reviewing an application for Genasense , based on promising results in the treatment of malignant melanoma .
the fda is [now] reviewing an application for genasense , based on promising results in the treatment of malignant melanoma .

Research progress depends on dissemination of results , and journal articles are the most effective tool we currently have to share them .
research progress depends on dissemination of results , and journal articles are the most effective tool we [now] have to share them .

The BrainTalk Communities currently host more than 300 free online groups for neurological conditions ( such as Alzheimer disease , multiple sclerosis , Parkinson disease , chronic pain , epilepsy , and Huntington disease ) for patients across the globe .
the braintalk communities [now] host more than 300 free online groups for neurological conditions ( such as alzheimer disease , multiple sclerosis , parkinson disease , chronic pain , epilepsy , and huntington disease ) for patients across the globe .

We suspect that the intensely professionally centered enculturation most physicians receive in their training and practice environments may render them , in the words of John Seely Brown and Paul Draguld , “ blinkered if not blind ” to the emergence of many promising new technocultural changes , which currently present new opportunities for health-care innovation [ 10 ] .
we suspect that the intensely professionally centered enculturation most physicians receive in their training and practice environments may render them , in the words of john seely brown and paul draguld , “ blinkered if not blind ” to the emergence of many promising new technocultural changes , which [now] present new opportunities for health-care innovation [ 10 ] .

Nonhuman culture is currently one of the hottest areas in the study of animal behavior .
nonhuman culture is [now] one of the hottest areas in the study of animal behavior .

In talks and lectures , the renowned oceanographer and paleontologist Jeremy Jackson paints a vivid picture of what is currently happening to coastal ecosystems , talking about a wall of slime emanating from populated areas and growing outwards inexorably towards the open oceans , replacing beloved ecologies like coral reef systems .
in talks and lectures , the renowned oceanographer and paleontologist jeremy jackson paints a vivid picture of what is [now] happening to coastal ecosystems , talking about a wall of slime emanating from populated areas and growing outwards inexorably towards the open oceans , replacing beloved ecologies like coral reef systems .

In addition , we currently cross-reference studies between the two journals—and will do so even more when our new journals come on line .
in addition , we [now] cross-reference studies between the two journals—and will do so even more when our new journals come on line .

It makes sense , then , that the search for liquid water is currently the first step in the search for life on other worlds .
it makes sense , then , that the search for liquid water is [now] the first step in the search for life on other worlds .

Interestingly , the percentage of mouse genes without any homolog currently detectable in the human genome ( and vice versa ) has been estimated to be less than 1 % , a fact that strengthens the validity of mouse models of human diseases .
interestingly , the percentage of mouse genes without any homolog [now] detectable in the human genome ( and vice versa ) has been estimated to be less than 1 % , a fact that strengthens the validity of mouse models of human diseases .

The title of the article , “ A Compendium to Ensure Reproducibility in High-Dimensional Classification Tasks , ” may not lend itself easily to a clinical audience , but the underlying message to clinicians could not be more important : that , currently , studies involving large datasets , especially ones that have a clinical outcome , are so poorly reported ( or possibly so poorly done ) that many are not reproducible .
the title of the article , “ a compendium to ensure reproducibility in high-dimensional classification tasks , ” may not lend itself easily to a clinical audience , but the underlying message to clinicians could not be more important : that , [now] , studies involving large datasets , especially ones that have a clinical outcome , are so poorly reported ( or possibly so poorly done ) that many are not reproducible .

More to the point , they are weary of the bureaucratic formulations that determine how the EU 's research budget , currently known as the Sixth Framework Programme ( 2002–2006 ) and worth around €4.4 billion/year ( or just over 5 % of all public spending on nonmilitary research in the region ) , is spent and distributed .
more to the point , they are weary of the bureaucratic formulations that determine how the eu 's research budget , [now] known as the sixth framework programme ( 2002–2006 ) and worth around €4.4 billion/year ( or just over 5 % of all public spending on nonmilitary research in the region ) , is spent and distributed .

For Larrouturou , a biomathematician currently engaged in streamlining the organisation , the changes at the European level are a breath of fresh air .
for larrouturou , a biomathematician [now] engaged in streamlining the organisation , the changes at the european level are a breath of fresh air .

Research Councils UK oversees spending of Britain 's national research councils ( currently , just over £2 billion from its 2004–2005 Science Budget of nearly £2.7 billion ) .
research councils uk oversees spending of britain 's national research councils ( [now] , just over £2 billion from its 2004–2005 science budget of nearly £2.7 billion ) .

Currently , it is nearly impossible to predict the course of MS , its severity in terms of disability progression , or when a relapse will happen .
[now] , it is nearly impossible to predict the course of ms , its severity in terms of disability progression , or when a relapse will happen .

It is currently unclear why the cell has two mechanisms to dissociate cohesin from chromosomes , although it is interesting to speculate that this could be related to different functions of cohesin at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains .
it is [now] unclear why the cell has two mechanisms to dissociate cohesin from chromosomes , although it is interesting to speculate that this could be related to different functions of cohesin at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains .

Currently , a multifactorial model for genetic transmission is most likely .
[now] , a multifactorial model for genetic transmission is most likely .

The next generation of life scientists are currently undergraduates—and the success of this generation depends upon the quality of the education they receive .
the next generation of life scientists are [now] undergraduates—and the success of this generation depends upon the quality of the education they receive .

While most PSM-style programs are currently in the US , this may soon change : the 1999 “ Bologna Agreement ” requires all European Union universities to adopt uniform undergraduate and graduate degrees “ relevant to the European labour market ” ; so master's-level industry-centric degrees are sure to follow .
while most psm-style programs are [now] in the us , this may soon change : the 1999 “ bologna agreement ” requires all european union universities to adopt uniform undergraduate and graduate degrees “ relevant to the european labour market ” ; so master's-level industry-centric degrees are sure to follow .

As currently designed , the existing tests may miss important effects such as mood changes , impulsive behaviors , and attentional problems that in humans have been shown to result from exposures to environmental toxins [ 24,27,30,37,40 ] .
as [now] designed , the existing tests may miss important effects such as mood changes , impulsive behaviors , and attentional problems that in humans have been shown to result from exposures to environmental toxins [ 24,27,30,37,40 ] .

Although the exact amount is disputed , most policy analysts agree that replacing this fragmented system of funding care with a single , universal , publicly administered insurance program could recover 200 billion dollars or more , which are currently being wasted on useless and sometimes detrimental administrative services [ 11 ] .
although the exact amount is disputed , most policy analysts agree that replacing this fragmented system of funding care with a single , universal , publicly administered insurance program could recover 200 billion dollars or more , which are [now] being wasted on useless and sometimes detrimental administrative services [ 11 ] .

Conclusion Our political process is currently dominated by those who are enticed by the siren song of the market theorists and turn a deaf ear to the health policy scientists who plead for health care justice .
conclusion our political process is [now] dominated by those who are enticed by the siren song of the market theorists and turn a deaf ear to the health policy scientists who plead for health care justice .

I agree with these predictions in two respects : that the degree of life extension achieved by first-generation drugs of this sort may well approach the ( currently unknown ) amount elicitable by caloric restriction itself in humans , and that it is unlikely to be much exceeded by later drugs that work the same way .
i agree with these predictions in two respects : that the degree of life extension achieved by first-generation drugs of this sort may well approach the ( [now] unknown ) amount elicitable by caloric restriction itself in humans , and that it is unlikely to be much exceeded by later drugs that work the same way .

Malaria , for example , currently affects about 500 million people and causes about 3,000 deaths a day—mostly in sub-Saharan Africa [ 1 ] .
malaria , for example , [now] affects about 500 million people and causes about 3,000 deaths a day—mostly in sub-saharan africa [ 1 ] .

The evidence for several genes is encouraging but currently insufficient to declare any a clear-cut cause of schizophrenia .
the evidence for several genes is encouraging but [now] insufficient to declare any a clear-cut cause of schizophrenia .

The currently murky view of this literature may result from the competing filters of Type 1 and Type 2 error .
the [now] murky view of this literature may result from the competing filters of type 1 and type 2 error .

The PLoS Medicine medical student advisory group , which currently has representatives from the American Medical Student Association , the Indian Medical Students ' Organization , and the European Medical Students ' Association , will be involved in selecting and editing essays for publication .
the plos medicine medical student advisory group , which [now] has representatives from the american medical student association , the indian medical students ' organization , and the european medical students ' association , will be involved in selecting and editing essays for publication .

Virtual Pharmas have clearly started to bear fruit , and are responsible for most candidate treatments for tropical diseases currently under development .
virtual pharmas have clearly started to bear fruit , and are responsible for most candidate treatments for tropical diseases [now] under development .

A candidate vaccine comprised of a fusion protein based on two antigens has been selected and is currently in pharmaceutical development under the sponsorship of this project , with the goal of evaluating the safety and immunogenicity in humans .
a candidate vaccine comprised of a fusion protein based on two antigens has been selected and is [now] in pharmaceutical development under the sponsorship of this project , with the goal of evaluating the safety and immunogenicity in humans .

We stress that currently it is unknown what the actual size of the catchment area is around HCFs in South Africa .
we stress that [now] it is unknown what the actual size of the catchment area is around hcfs in south africa .

We stress that the alternative to a quantitative rational approach for allocating scarce resources is an ad hoc approach , which is how the scarce supply of antiretrovirals is currently being distributed in many resource-constrained countries .
we stress that the alternative to a quantitative rational approach for allocating scarce resources is an ad hoc approach , which is how the scarce supply of antiretrovirals is [now] being distributed in many resource-constrained countries .

The most important “ real world ” result is that we show that what the South African government is currently doing is inequitable .
the most important “ real world ” result is that we show that what the south african government is [now] doing is inequitable .

Currently , evidence-based practice guidelines focus on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) as the primary target for risk reduction therapy and recommend that the intensity and target goals of LDL-C-lowering therapy should be adjusted to individual absolute risk for CHD [ 3 ] .
[now] , evidence-based practice guidelines focus on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( ldl-c ) as the primary target for risk reduction therapy and recommend that the intensity and target goals of ldl-c-lowering therapy should be adjusted to individual absolute risk for chd [ 3 ] .

Currently , over $ 75 million has been raised toward the School 's $ 130 million goal .
[now] , over $ 75 million has been raised toward the school 's $ 130 million goal .

We are currently finalizing plans for the transformation of the old G.C .
we are [now] finalizing plans for the transformation of the old g.c .

Over 150 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister .
over 150 girls are [now] waiting for a big sister .

However , a donation of $ 25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni Association with the privileges thereof , including : 1 ) The right to vote in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections ( currently two members of the Class of ' 84 , Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the Board ) ; 2 ) An official Alumni Association decal and membership card ; 3 ) A discount on Alumni Association apparel ; and , 4 ) Eligibility for the Charity Raffle , $ 500 to be given to the charity of your choice .
however , a donation of $ 25 or more entitles you to official membership in the alumni association with the privileges thereof , including : 1 ) the right to vote in the upcoming alumni association board member elections ( [now] two members of the class of ' 84 , maureen althert and brian elson serve on the board ) ; 2 ) an official alumni association decal and membership card ; 3 ) a discount on alumni association apparel ; and , 4 ) eligibility for the charity raffle , $ 500 to be given to the charity of your choice .

September 1 , 1995 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name , I am sure that you are aware of the uncertainty many arts organizations are currently facing in regard to future funding .
september 1 , 1995 name address city , st zip dear name , i am sure that you are aware of the uncertainty many arts organizations are [now] facing in regard to future funding .

Your gift to the Annual Giving Campaign will help by : Offsetting the cost of operating the museum , currently about $ 30,000 a day , and keeping the Indianapolis Museum of Art experience accessible to the more than 400,000 annual visitors .
your gift to the annual giving campaign will help by : offsetting the cost of operating the museum , [now] about $ 30,000 a day , and keeping the indianapolis museum of art experience accessible to the more than 400,000 annual visitors .

You can help make this valuable program available to many persons who are not currently benefiting from dental care .
you can help make this valuable program available to many persons who are not [now] benefiting from dental care .

Over 235 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister .
over 235 girls are [now] waiting for a big sister .

Currently , the university lists more than 50 courses in philanthropic studies that touch on a wide range of disciplines including the law , sociology , and the humanities .
[now] , the university lists more than 50 courses in philanthropic studies that touch on a wide range of disciplines including the law , sociology , and the humanities .

The Indianapolis Zoological Society has developed a new state-of the-art website showcasing White River Gardens : www.whiterivergardens.com and is currently updating its zoo website : www.indyzoo.com .
the indianapolis zoological society has developed a new state-of the-art website showcasing white river gardens : www.whiterivergardens.com and is [now] updating its zoo website : www.indyzoo.com .

Eric Hiatt , the first Challenger Scholar is currently working on his doctorate in geology at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
eric hiatt , the first challenger scholar is [now] working on his doctorate in geology at the university of colorado at boulder .

If the law school is to increase its endowment ( currently $ 3.1 million ) and cover all of its expenses , a strong financial response from alumni is essential .
if the law school is to increase its endowment ( [now] $ 3.1 million ) and cover all of its expenses , a strong financial response from alumni is essential .

Dickens ) , daughter of MonaLisa , who is electrocuted and lies near death , thinking thoughts about consciousness and cognitive development , a la Piaget ; There are currently 54 chapters of The Story Continues .
dickens ) , daughter of monalisa , who is electrocuted and lies near death , thinking thoughts about consciousness and cognitive development , a la piaget ; there are [now] 54 chapters of the story continues .

DRS Technologies is currently responsible for the contract for the sensor suite .
drs technologies is [now] responsible for the contract for the sensor suite .

I am currently en route to Phoenix for tonight 's debate between the Republican presidential nominees .
i am [now] en route to phoenix for tonight 's debate between the republican presidential nominees .

There have to be , because many of these companies are currently so tiny that estimating their present value on the basis of their internal numbers alone would be futile .
there have to be , because many of these companies are [now] so tiny that estimating their present value on the basis of their internal numbers alone would be futile .

In the United States , at least , transport by car and train is mostly slower than it was then ( trains are one area in which the French have beaten us hands down -- if we had their high-speed TGV train , you could come down from Boston to see your grandchildren in Washington with a two-hour train ride , instead of the seven-plus Amtrak currently takes ) .
in the united states , at least , transport by car and train is mostly slower than it was then ( trains are one area in which the french have beaten us hands down -- if we had their high-speed tgv train , you could come down from boston to see your grandchildren in washington with a two-hour train ride , instead of the seven-plus amtrak [now] takes ) .

I think the real challenge for a currently employed middle-class professional today would be to spend a year living entirely outside the Internet : no e-mail , no eToys or E*Trade or Amazon , no MP3s or game demos , no online banking or selection of benefits through the company intranet , not to mention , of course , no Slate .
i think the real challenge for a [now] employed middle-class professional today would be to spend a year living entirely outside the internet : no e-mail , no etoys or e*trade or amazon , no mp3s or game demos , no online banking or selection of benefits through the company intranet , not to mention , of course , no slate .

Mitchell , currently with NPR and the Fort Worth Star-Telegram , has the perfect sensibility for writing about a steady profusion of disaster movies and romantic comedies .
mitchell , [now] with npr and the fort worth star-telegram , has the perfect sensibility for writing about a steady profusion of disaster movies and romantic comedies .

The story does n't mention it , but all three of these companies have issues of tremendous financial consequence currently being considered by the federal government .
the story does n't mention it , but all three of these companies have issues of tremendous financial consequence [now] being considered by the federal government .

Jesus is currently under siege by coaches , agents , and their unsavory minions , all of whom proffer money , cars , sex , and sundry other illegal inducements to sign with their colleges or professional teams .
jesus is [now] under siege by coaches , agents , and their unsavory minions , all of whom proffer money , cars , sex , and sundry other illegal inducements to sign with their colleges or professional teams .

Amazon.com and independent bookstores that currently buy books from Ingram are nervous -- unless Federal regulators quash the deal , these booksellers ' biggest retail rival will own their main source of wholesale books .
amazon.com and independent bookstores that [now] buy books from ingram are nervous -- unless federal regulators quash the deal , these booksellers ' biggest retail rival will own their main source of wholesale books .

The Washington Post 's lead forecasts that during Monday 's House Judiciary Committee proceedings , more grounds for the impeachment of President Clinton will be added to the 11 counts currently pending .
the washington post 's lead forecasts that during monday 's house judiciary committee proceedings , more grounds for the impeachment of president clinton will be added to the 11 counts [now] pending .

The papers also say the two parties have arrived at compromises regarding the Palestinian National Covenant ( which currently calls for the destruction of Israel ) , the arrest of suspects wanted in Israel and the release of Palestinians from Israeli jails , but that the issue of whether or not Arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state still remained a sore point .
the papers also say the two parties have arrived at compromises regarding the palestinian national covenant ( which [now] calls for the destruction of israel ) , the arrest of suspects wanted in israel and the release of palestinians from israeli jails , but that the issue of whether or not arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state still remained a sore point .

The poll also finds that Clinton , now with a 67 percent approval rating , is currently more popular than before last week 's vote .
the poll also finds that clinton , now with a 67 percent approval rating , is [now] more popular than before last week 's vote .

President Clinton 's lawyers have requested that the House Judiciary Committee allow them to present an expanded defense over a 3 to 4 day period instead of the currently allotted 1 day .
president clinton 's lawyers have requested that the house judiciary committee allow them to present an expanded defense over a 3 to 4 day period instead of the [now] allotted 1 day .

Of course , there is another reason nobody mentions : while it 's likely that few committee members currently have interns working , er , under them , almost all of them get off on soft money .
of course , there is another reason nobody mentions : while it 's likely that few committee members [now] have interns working , er , under them , almost all of them get off on soft money .

Currently , 38 percent of the patrol 's rank-and-file officers are Hispanic .
[now] , 38 percent of the patrol 's rank-and-file officers are hispanic .

The New York Times points out that , unlike the previous go-round with Iraq last winter , neither Russia nor France is currently attempting to find a diplomatic way out for Hussein .
the new york times points out that , unlike the previous go-round with iraq last winter , neither russia nor france is [now] attempting to find a diplomatic way out for hussein .

All papers also report that consumer spending , however , is currently at healthy levels .
all papers also report that consumer spending , however , is [now] at healthy levels .

Currently , eight million disabled people of working age receive more than $ 50 billion a year from Social Security and Supplemental Security Income , says the paper , and fewer than 1 percent of them work .
[now] , eight million disabled people of working age receive more than $ 50 billion a year from social security and supplemental security income , says the paper , and fewer than 1 percent of them work .

A front-page NYT story says Republican incumbent members of Congress seem to have instead taken to heart other recent polls suggesting an emerging anti-Republican backlash inspired by the House 's initiation of an impeachment investigation -- no Republican House candidate , says the Times , is currently running a commercial mentioning the Lewinsky scandal .
a front-page nyt story says republican incumbent members of congress seem to have instead taken to heart other recent polls suggesting an emerging anti-republican backlash inspired by the house 's initiation of an impeachment investigation -- no republican house candidate , says the times , is [now] running a commercial mentioning the lewinsky scandal .

The NYT inside piece on all this focuses instead on the sparse details of what is currently known about damage to raid targets .
the nyt inside piece on all this focuses instead on the sparse details of what is [now] known about damage to raid targets .

Gore thinks Bradley 's health plan is too expensive ; Bradley thinks Gore 's wo n't reach enough currently uninsured people .
gore thinks bradley 's health plan is too expensive ; bradley thinks gore 's wo n't reach enough [now] uninsured people .

Take this morning , when the Nasdaq opened up a blistering 120 points , then quickly tumbled more than 200 points before rallying yet again ( it 's currently up 15 points ) .
take this morning , when the nasdaq opened up a blistering 120 points , then quickly tumbled more than 200 points before rallying yet again ( it 's [now] up 15 points ) .

Castro 's reasons for demanding Fidelito 's return resemble those currently claimed by Gonzalez 's family .
castro 's reasons for demanding fidelito 's return resemble those [now] claimed by gonzalez 's family .

The other papers put the story inside , with all the coverage explaining the judge 's reasoning : If Lee were out , he might be able to transfer to a foreign power the seven highly sensitive data tapes he admits making but that are currently missing .
the other papers put the story inside , with all the coverage explaining the judge 's reasoning : if lee were out , he might be able to transfer to a foreign power the seven highly sensitive data tapes he admits making but that are [now] missing .

The only problem with this picture of the future is that it 's currently against the law .
the only problem with this picture of the future is that it 's [now] against the law .

House-approved legislation calling for a formal presidential acknowledgment is currently bound for the Senate .
house-approved legislation calling for a formal presidential acknowledgment is [now] bound for the senate .

In the coming days I want to examine some of Rosen 's premises , such as his idea that a declining interest in the news can be linked to journalism as currently practiced .
in the coming days i want to examine some of rosen 's premises , such as his idea that a declining interest in the news can be linked to journalism as [now] practiced .

He currently gets $ 230,000 a year from the University of Illinois .
he [now] gets $ 230,000 a year from the university of illinois .

ET today at the online site of the humor magazine McSweeney 's , featuring stories from Diary of a Flying Man , a collection published by Knopf and currently sold only by street vendors .
et today at the online site of the humor magazine mcsweeney 's , featuring stories from diary of a flying man , a collection published by knopf and [now] sold only by street vendors .

The Enquirer reports she 's committed to her plan and is currently looking over possible inseminators .
the enquirer reports she 's committed to her plan and is [now] looking over possible inseminators .

In modern times , of course , it would , on the contrary , seem irresponsible to advocate deflation in the name of a historical monetary benchmark ( though Hong Kong is currently following a de facto policy of deflation in order to defend the fixed exchange rate between its currency and the U.S. dollar ) .
in modern times , of course , it would , on the contrary , seem irresponsible to advocate deflation in the name of a historical monetary benchmark ( though hong kong is [now] following a de facto policy of deflation in order to defend the fixed exchange rate between its currency and the u.s. dollar ) .

For instance , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the Commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , etc .
for instance , the u.s. commission on civil rights is [now] looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , etc .

UPI currently employs 150 journalists , about one-tenth of its 1982 staff , plus 120 stringers .
upi [now] employs 150 journalists , about one-tenth of its 1982 staff , plus 120 stringers .

The model is currently on display at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum in New York City .
the model is [now] on display at the cooper-hewitt museum in new york city .

Currently working out of Oliver North 's old office , Clarke maintains a lighthearted attitude toward the law that has not discouraged President Clinton from expanding counterterror activities into an $ 11 billion a year endeavor .
[now] working out of oliver north 's old office , clarke maintains a lighthearted attitude toward the law that has not discouraged president clinton from expanding counterterror activities into an $ 11 billion a year endeavor .

Sidebar : Hollywood reporters say Universal Studios is panicking over when to release Mike Nichols ' adaptation of the Clinton satire Primary Colors , currently due out in March .
sidebar : hollywood reporters say universal studios is panicking over when to release mike nichols ' adaptation of the clinton satire primary colors , [now] due out in march .

Unemployment currently ranges from 10 percent in the cities to 30 percent in more remote areas .
unemployment [now] ranges from 10 percent in the cities to 30 percent in more remote areas .

When companies start being run by the female equivalents of Pumpsie -- as most companies currently are by the male equivalents -- then we 'll know that the glass ceiling is really gone .
when companies start being run by the female equivalents of pumpsie -- as most companies [now] are by the male equivalents -- then we 'll know that the glass ceiling is really gone .

The Washington Post leads with the explosion in special funding provisions ( a k a `` pork '' ) that the House Republican leadership has attached to the spending bills currently under consideration in order to gain members ' votes for them .
the washington post leads with the explosion in special funding provisions ( a k a `` pork '' ) that the house republican leadership has attached to the spending bills [now] under consideration in order to gain members ' votes for them .

While Epstein can argue that this happens currently , consider what wholesale expansion of an unregulated market would bring in terms of the number of complications .
while epstein can argue that this happens [now] , consider what wholesale expansion of an unregulated market would bring in terms of the number of complications .

Out of 600,000 CWA members , there are currently about 2,000 objectors .
out of 600,000 cwa members , there are [now] about 2,000 objectors .

According to his numbers , government at all levels currently consumes about 38 percent of personal income .
according to his numbers , government at all levels [now] consumes about 38 percent of personal income .

Bin Laden 's worldwide terror network is currently dominating headlines , but other terrorist groups are thriving as well .
bin laden 's worldwide terror network is [now] dominating headlines , but other terrorist groups are thriving as well .

The first of his biweekly columns for the Guardian on the presidential election campaign is about the battle between Al Gore and Bill Bradley for the Democratic nomination and how they are both currently campaigning as underdogs .
the first of his biweekly columns for the guardian on the presidential election campaign is about the battle between al gore and bill bradley for the democratic nomination and how they are both [now] campaigning as underdogs .

A traditional direct mail solicitation usually contains legal reassurances that the solicitation is authorized ( and the cost of postage makes an unauthorized mailing an expensive proposition ) , which some e-mail solicitations currently lack .
a traditional direct mail solicitation usually contains legal reassurances that the solicitation is authorized ( and the cost of postage makes an unauthorized mailing an expensive proposition ) , which some e-mail solicitations [now] lack .

Voucher programs currently cover only 0.1 percent of students , so school choice is an untried solution to education 's ills .
voucher programs [now] cover only 0.1 percent of students , so school choice is an untried solution to education 's ills .

There is a script currently being edited ; Michael Nouri ( Flashdance ) will be the male lead ; Jim Brunner ( Delta Force , Missing in Action ) will do the screenplay and probably direct .
there is a script [now] being edited ; michael nouri ( flashdance ) will be the male lead ; jim brunner ( delta force , missing in action ) will do the screenplay and probably direct .

Never mind that Mr. Gottlieb , a former Slate staff writer , is currently enrolled at Harvard Law School .
never mind that mr. gottlieb , a former slate staff writer , is [now] enrolled at harvard law school .

Not only does Congresswoman Prudie have a nice ring , but your constituents/readers would definitely benefit from all the sound advice you could impart to all those bozos such as Tom DeLay currently taking up space in D.C .
not only does congresswoman prudie have a nice ring , but your constituents/readers would definitely benefit from all the sound advice you could impart to all those bozos such as tom delay [now] taking up space in d.c .

After the requisite barb-trading with the White House , and a much-photographed round of negotiations in which the sanctity of Social Security and the need to invest in our nation 's children are duly invoked , it would be a blessing if Congress would quietly pass a continuing resolution keeping spending more or less where it currently is , and then take to the hustings , where each party can blame the other for doing what 's best for the country -- nothing .
after the requisite barb-trading with the white house , and a much-photographed round of negotiations in which the sanctity of social security and the need to invest in our nation 's children are duly invoked , it would be a blessing if congress would quietly pass a continuing resolution keeping spending more or less where it [now] is , and then take to the hustings , where each party can blame the other for doing what 's best for the country -- nothing .

The Times headed its anti-French editorial Wednesday with the kind of dreary play on words that Fleet Street currently finds irresistible .
the times headed its anti-french editorial wednesday with the kind of dreary play on words that fleet street [now] finds irresistible .

It also noted that the French national rugby team , currently in England for that sport 's World Cup , had ordered a meal of roast beef from room service at their hotel in Windsor with `` absolutely no stipulations as to where it came from . ''
it also noted that the french national rugby team , [now] in england for that sport 's world cup , had ordered a meal of roast beef from room service at their hotel in windsor with `` absolutely no stipulations as to where it came from . ''

Instead , he called for a single , `` bi-national '' state based on a constitution ( something neither Israel nor the areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority currently has ) , with `` the idea and practice of citizenship , not of ethnic or racial community , as the main vehicle for coexistence . ''
instead , he called for a single , `` bi-national '' state based on a constitution ( something neither israel nor the areas controlled by the palestinian authority [now] has ) , with `` the idea and practice of citizenship , not of ethnic or racial community , as the main vehicle for coexistence . ''

Boys Do n't Cry 's postscript explains that she eventually returned to Falls City , where is she currently raising a child .
boys do n't cry 's postscript explains that she eventually returned to falls city , where is she [now] raising a child .

Stocks have shrunk from 76 percent of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 's assets in 1996 to 32 percent currently .
stocks have shrunk from 76 percent of berkshire hathaway inc. 's assets in 1996 to 32 percent [now] .

The editorial concluded that the `` carnage will stop only when reconciliation begins , '' but as a story in Thursday 's Sydney Morning Herald noted , the fighting is currently intensifying , with the head of the Indonesian armed forces threatening to order a state of emergency in the province .
the editorial concluded that the `` carnage will stop only when reconciliation begins , '' but as a story in thursday 's sydney morning herald noted , the fighting is [now] intensifying , with the head of the indonesian armed forces threatening to order a state of emergency in the province .

Currently American weapons of mass destruction are kept in at least seven foreign countries -- Belgium , Greenland , Italy , the Netherlands , Germany , Turkey , and Britain .
[now] american weapons of mass destruction are kept in at least seven foreign countries -- belgium , greenland , italy , the netherlands , germany , turkey , and britain .

Your readers who are currently considering artificial augmentation ( which as a man I find repugnant ) may just want to wait a while .
your readers who are [now] considering artificial augmentation ( which as a man i find repugnant ) may just want to wait a while .

He is currently working on a profile of Gore , a biography of Rosa Parks , and a biography of Henry Ford .
he is [now] working on a profile of gore , a biography of rosa parks , and a biography of henry ford .

It 's hard to imagine that this latest `` incident '' wo n't have an impact on the court , which is currently reviewing another legal challenge to the chair .
it 's hard to imagine that this latest `` incident '' wo n't have an impact on the court , which is [now] reviewing another legal challenge to the chair .

An explanation : Last week , the magazine you are currently reading forced the Shopping Avenger at gunpoint to read a series of treacle-filled self-help books , and then to .
an explanation : last week , the magazine you are [now] reading forced the shopping avenger at gunpoint to read a series of treacle-filled self-help books , and then to .

Currently , I work for a law firm , but I have had this experience with every job I 've had in my 20-plus years of working -- even when I worked as a waitress .
[now] , i work for a law firm , but i have had this experience with every job i 've had in my 20-plus years of working -- even when i worked as a waitress .

The sellers are currently solicited through advertisements ( `` Pay your tuition with eggs '' ) but will soon be able to offer their services on a specialized Internet auction site .
the sellers are [now] solicited through advertisements ( `` pay your tuition with eggs '' ) but will soon be able to offer their services on a specialized internet auction site .

Currently , researchers are trying to determine the extent of the loss .
[now] , researchers are trying to determine the extent of the loss .

I currently share a four-bedroom house with three other people .
i [now] share a four-bedroom house with three other people .

The other , largely neglected option : Imply that the competition , as currently configured , is improbably upscale .
the other , largely neglected option : imply that the competition , as [now] configured , is improbably upscale .

I believe the most unsettling image currently extant in popular culture is that of Bob Dole under the influence of Viagra .
i believe the most unsettling image [now] extant in popular culture is that of bob dole under the influence of viagra .

As I understand it , he is currently occupied , very publicly , and supposedly romantically , with three women whose names are like Handy , Dandy , and Randy ... or something like that .
as i understand it , he is [now] occupied , very publicly , and supposedly romantically , with three women whose names are like handy , dandy , and randy ... or something like that .

In that spirit , the government currently believes the Internet -- which just a few years ago was considered a luxury -- is now a necessity .
in that spirit , the government [now] believes the internet -- which just a few years ago was considered a luxury -- is now a necessity .

Currently , cable lines run past 97 percent of U.S. homes , and many small communities have a cable TV provider in their central districts where schools and libraries are .
[now] , cable lines run past 97 percent of u.s. homes , and many small communities have a cable tv provider in their central districts where schools and libraries are .

Currently the bank has about 5,000 branches and 180,000 employees .
[now] the bank has about 5,000 branches and 180,000 employees .

Unfortunately , there is currently no standard way for someone to get or publish a key , which is one reason encrypted e-mail is not common today .
unfortunately , there is [now] no standard way for someone to get or publish a key , which is one reason encrypted e-mail is not common today .

The entire World Wide Web is currently estimated to contain about 1.5 terabytes ( or 1.5 million megabytes ) of data .
the entire world wide web is [now] estimated to contain about 1.5 terabytes ( or 1.5 million megabytes ) of data .

Already , the archivists have stockpiled more than 2 terabytes of the Net , and currently they 're storing about 100 gigabytes of data every month .
already , the archivists have stockpiled more than 2 terabytes of the net , and [now] they 're storing about 100 gigabytes of data every month .

On sites like MSNBC and CNN , breaking news comes and goes every minute , which means pages disappear faster than they can currently be squirreled away .
on sites like msnbc and cnn , breaking news comes and goes every minute , which means pages disappear faster than they can [now] be squirreled away .

For example , 207.68.136.88 is currently the IP address of one of Slate 's servers .
for example , 207.68.136.88 is [now] the ip address of one of slate 's servers .

One click on the name of any currently running movie will bring it up on the screen , but without any additional information except for its rating ( G , PG , etc . ) .
one click on the name of any [now] running movie will bring it up on the screen , but without any additional information except for its rating ( g , pg , etc . ) .

Take the example of the Internet-enabled car , currently a pipe dream .
take the example of the internet-enabled car , [now] a pipe dream .

Currently the wine industry is pushing -- so far without success -- for approval of wine labels that read `` To learn the health effects of moderate wine consumption , send for the federal government 's Dietary Guidelines for Americans '' -- followed by the Agriculture Department 's address and Web site .
[now] the wine industry is pushing -- so far without success -- for approval of wine labels that read `` to learn the health effects of moderate wine consumption , send for the federal government 's dietary guidelines for americans '' -- followed by the agriculture department 's address and web site .

Apparently , the company 's motivation is to avoid legal liability and money damages possibly arising from verdicts in any of the lawsuits currently being brought by various local governments .
apparently , the company 's motivation is to avoid legal liability and money damages possibly arising from verdicts in any of the lawsuits [now] being brought by various local governments .

The NYT focuses on one Chechen village , a former refuge for a Chechen rebel commander , which has recently suffered severe attacks even though there is currently no indication of rebel presence in the village .
the nyt focuses on one chechen village , a former refuge for a chechen rebel commander , which has recently suffered severe attacks even though there is [now] no indication of rebel presence in the village .

The papers point out that the plan is more ambitious than the one unveiled by Al Gore a few weeks ago , in that Bradley 's attempts to make health care available not just to children but to nearly all currently non-covered adults .
the papers point out that the plan is more ambitious than the one unveiled by al gore a few weeks ago , in that bradley 's attempts to make health care available not just to children but to nearly all [now] non-covered adults .

The NYT off-leads an analysis of the Comprehensive Test Ban treaty , currently being debated by the Senate , which would ban underground nuclear testing .
the nyt off-leads an analysis of the comprehensive test ban treaty , [now] being debated by the senate , which would ban underground nuclear testing .

It is certainly true , as Beatty says , that there is no one currently in the presidential race who represents an orthodox liberal position .
it is certainly true , as beatty says , that there is no one [now] in the presidential race who represents an orthodox liberal position .

There 's a funny moment , halfway across the Atlantic , when the captain gets the news by computer that @ Home has just bought Excite , and the crew goes on about stocks and taxes the way the athletes in those Schwab ads currently on TV talk about p/e ratios .
there 's a funny moment , halfway across the atlantic , when the captain gets the news by computer that @ home has just bought excite , and the crew goes on about stocks and taxes the way the athletes in those schwab ads [now] on tv talk about p/e ratios .

Texas currently spends over one point four-five million dollars per day keeping drug offenders behind bars and another twenty-eight thousand dollars a day incarcerating young people on drug offenses , '' he said angrily .
texas [now] spends over one point four-five million dollars per day keeping drug offenders behind bars and another twenty-eight thousand dollars a day incarcerating young people on drug offenses , '' he said angrily .

Engineers are currently investigating new materials and technologies that might allow Moore 's Law to survive this latest challenge .
engineers are [now] investigating new materials and technologies that might allow moore 's law to survive this latest challenge .

Habibie has apparently decided not to run to remain in office , but the bigger news that affects many people and concerns the U.N. and the countries currently supplying peacekeeping forces in East Timor is that Indonesia 's legislature has formally relinquished the nation 's claim to the region .
habibie has apparently decided not to run to remain in office , but the bigger news that affects many people and concerns the u.n. and the countries [now] supplying peacekeeping forces in east timor is that indonesia 's legislature has formally relinquished the nation 's claim to the region .

The WP goes bottom front with a dispatch about how the batch of appropriations bills currently on Congress ' plate are salted with discreet little money plums for business : for auto companies , defense contractors , utilities , agribusiness , shipbuilders , chemical companies , and even an ammunition manufacturer .
the wp goes bottom front with a dispatch about how the batch of appropriations bills [now] on congress ' plate are salted with discreet little money plums for business : for auto companies , defense contractors , utilities , agribusiness , shipbuilders , chemical companies , and even an ammunition manufacturer .

It 's important to point out that Jones ' suit is currently winding its way through the justice system .
it 's important to point out that jones ' suit is [now] winding its way through the justice system .

The nation-state currently functions as the enforcer of contracts , making certain rules and formalities a practical necessity .
the nation-state [now] functions as the enforcer of contracts , making certain rules and formalities a practical necessity .

While that is no easy task , we ought not forget that the IRS currently performs this very function in administering the estate and gift tax .
while that is no easy task , we ought not forget that the irs [now] performs this very function in administering the estate and gift tax .

Triclosan is an anti-microbial solution currently available in a single toothpaste : Colgate Total .
triclosan is an anti-microbial solution [now] available in a single toothpaste : colgate total .

Those extra women will expand the supply of CEOs and help to drive down , or at least moderate , the currently obscene levels of CEO pay .
those extra women will expand the supply of ceos and help to drive down , or at least moderate , the [now] obscene levels of ceo pay .

In James Surowiecki 's article `` The Lockheed Redemption , '' he stated that Lockheed was `` currently building the F-117A Stealth fighter and the thoroughly unnecessary F-22 for the Air Force . ''
in james surowiecki 's article `` the lockheed redemption , '' he stated that lockheed was `` [now] building the f-117a stealth fighter and the thoroughly unnecessary f-22 for the air force . ''

The proposed `` HearSLATE '' could then offer discriminating commuters and professional drivers some intellectual refuge from the endless tirade of mindless drivel currently broadcast by the common carriers .
the proposed `` hearslate '' could then offer discriminating commuters and professional drivers some intellectual refuge from the endless tirade of mindless drivel [now] broadcast by the common carriers .

Among them : nanny , physical therapist , executive recruiter , catering director , and Web site developer ( no , Slate is not currently hiring ) .
among them : nanny , physical therapist , executive recruiter , catering director , and web site developer ( no , slate is not [now] hiring ) .

More cheering : The Anti-Defamation League 's survey describes a continuing drop in America 's `` hard core anti-Semites '' -- from 29 percent in 1964 , to 20 percent in 1992 , to 12 percent currently .
more cheering : the anti-defamation league 's survey describes a continuing drop in america 's `` hard core anti-semites '' -- from 29 percent in 1964 , to 20 percent in 1992 , to 12 percent [now] .

Ocalan was arrested in Italy at Germany 's request , but Bonn has now dropped its request for his extradition and has jointly proposed with Italy that he be tried for terrorist crimes by a currently nonexistent international tribunal .
ocalan was arrested in italy at germany 's request , but bonn has now dropped its request for his extradition and has jointly proposed with italy that he be tried for terrorist crimes by a [now] nonexistent international tribunal .

Furthermore ( and what you should be writing about ) , the bootleg industry is currently undergoing a revolution in production , thanks to the introduction of CD-ROM technology , which effectively means that anything ever bootlegged is readily available .
furthermore ( and what you should be writing about ) , the bootleg industry is [now] undergoing a revolution in production , thanks to the introduction of cd-rom technology , which effectively means that anything ever bootlegged is readily available .

This space age table with a radio link to the airline 's database is currently being field-tested in San Francisco and will soon be deployed at LAX , O'Hare , and La Guardia airports .
this space age table with a radio link to the airline 's database is [now] being field-tested in san francisco and will soon be deployed at lax , o'hare , and la guardia airports .

He would certainly be backed up on that decision by a couple currently in residence at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
he would certainly be backed up on that decision by a couple [now] in residence at 1600 pennsylvania ave .

Currently , privatization is merely tolerated .
[now] , privatization is merely tolerated .

It bears directly on Steele 's credibility -- has she changed her story to exculpate Clinton ? -- and Steele is currently the main witness undermining Kathleen Willey .
it bears directly on steele 's credibility -- has she changed her story to exculpate clinton ? -- and steele is [now] the main witness undermining kathleen willey .

Konstantin Kagalovsky , former vice chairman of Menatep and current vice chairman of Khodorkovsky 's oil company , is married to a ( currently suspended ) Bank of New York executive who handled Eastern European accounts .
konstantin kagalovsky , former vice chairman of menatep and current vice chairman of khodorkovsky 's oil company , is married to a ( [now] suspended ) bank of new york executive who handled eastern european accounts .

Benex is purportedly a front for a top Russia mafioso ( currently missing ) .
benex is purportedly a front for a top russia mafioso ( [now] missing ) .

The man suspected of laundering the money for Benex is married to a Bank of New York executive ( currently under suspension ) .
the man suspected of laundering the money for benex is married to a bank of new york executive ( [now] under suspension ) .

Another bank executive ( currently under suspension ) who handled the bank 's Russian accounts is married to a man who once worked as 1 ) Russia 's IMF representative and 2 ) the deputy chair of a now-defunct Moscow bank ( also targeted by the investigation ) .
another bank executive ( [now] under suspension ) who handled the bank 's russian accounts is married to a man who once worked as 1 ) russia 's imf representative and 2 ) the deputy chair of a now-defunct moscow bank ( also targeted by the investigation ) .

Vice President Gore tells USAT that today in a speech he will unveil a health-care proposal that promises to provide affordable coverage by 2005 for the nation 's nearly 11 million currently uninsured children .
vice president gore tells usat that today in a speech he will unveil a health-care proposal that promises to provide affordable coverage by 2005 for the nation 's nearly 11 million [now] uninsured children .

Crowley -- who confirmed to Chatterbox that she 's currently writing a Liddy Dole profile for Talk magazine -- is still stonewalling !
crowley -- who confirmed to chatterbox that she 's [now] writing a liddy dole profile for talk magazine -- is still stonewalling !

His David Helfgott Plays Rachmaninov ( RCA/Victor ) , currently No .
his david helfgott plays rachmaninov ( rca/victor ) , [now] no .

Federal agencies want the right to read encrypted messages , much as they currently have the right to tap phones .
federal agencies want the right to read encrypted messages , much as they [now] have the right to tap phones .

Students from Iraq and North Korea ( some learning nuclear physics ) currently go unwatched once they enter the United States .
students from iraq and north korea ( some learning nuclear physics ) [now] go unwatched once they enter the united states .

Some of the `` Democratic '' candidates currently supported by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee are pro-life , pro-death-penalty , anti-union , anti-gun-control , and pro-school-prayer .
some of the `` democratic '' candidates [now] supported by the democratic congressional campaign committee are pro-life , pro-death-penalty , anti-union , anti-gun-control , and pro-school-prayer .

David Westin , the top choice to replace the legendary Roone Arledge as head of ABC News , thinks 10 p.m. news could draw an audience two or three times larger than the early-evening news currently draws .
david westin , the top choice to replace the legendary roone arledge as head of abc news , thinks 10 p.m. news could draw an audience two or three times larger than the early-evening news [now] draws .

Currently , teams in small television markets ca n't afford to pay great players and thus ca n't compete .
[now] , teams in small television markets ca n't afford to pay great players and thus ca n't compete .

Critics also seize the opportunity to weigh in again on de Kooning 's late work , currently on exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art .
critics also seize the opportunity to weigh in again on de kooning 's late work , [now] on exhibit at the museum of modern art .

The latest comedy by smirkmeister Jim Carrey ( Ace Ventura : Pet Detective ) , currently the No .
the latest comedy by smirkmeister jim carrey ( ace ventura : pet detective ) , [now] the no .

The backlash against domestic goddess Martha Stewart reaches it zenith with a new biography , currently No .
the backlash against domestic goddess martha stewart reaches it zenith with a new biography , [now] no .

He 's currently in jail for a minor fraud charge .
he 's [now] in jail for a minor fraud charge .

The government does provide direct day-care subsidies to 1.1 million low-income children ( the four main programs currently spend about $ 2.3 billion a year , in addition to about $ 4 billion for Head Start ) , and some of those subsidies come with quality strings attached .
the government does provide direct day-care subsidies to 1.1 million low-income children ( the four main programs [now] spend about $ 2.3 billion a year , in addition to about $ 4 billion for head start ) , and some of those subsidies come with quality strings attached .

States will also be freed from the hodgepodge of regulations that currently cause gaps in coverage as mothers move among home , training , and work .
states will also be freed from the hodgepodge of regulations that [now] cause gaps in coverage as mothers move among home , training , and work .

Mr. Joseph Camel , the cartoon tobacco mascot , is currently facing charges by the feds that he has knowingly and with profit aforethought enticed children to smoke cigarettes .
mr. joseph camel , the cartoon tobacco mascot , is [now] facing charges by the feds that he has knowingly and with profit aforethought enticed children to smoke cigarettes .

The company 's application , which is currently available at the Rock the Vote site for what Strama calls a `` test run , '' follows the Florida model described above , except that Newvoter.com 's online application form can be used for 46 states and the District of Columbia .
the company 's application , which is [now] available at the rock the vote site for what strama calls a `` test run , '' follows the florida model described above , except that newvoter.com 's online application form can be used for 46 states and the district of columbia .

It will also encourage them to artificially pump up the amounts raised in this way , as Bradley 's , Bush 's , and Gore 's campaigns are currently doing with contributions that are n't really made online .
it will also encourage them to artificially pump up the amounts raised in this way , as bradley 's , bush 's , and gore 's campaigns are [now] doing with contributions that are n't really made online .

The NAACP is currently boycotting the state for flying the Confederate flag .
the naacp is [now] boycotting the state for flying the confederate flag .

The new statewide standards , which will be phased in beginning with the 2004 model year , would require automakers to halve the amount of pollution emitted by the cars that are currently being manufactured .
the new statewide standards , which will be phased in beginning with the 2004 model year , would require automakers to halve the amount of pollution emitted by the cars that are [now] being manufactured .

Doctors will be required to hire a privacy `` point person , '' says the LAT , who will be trained to edit records for release ; currently , when an employer inquires about a job-related injury , for example , he is usually given the employee 's entire record .
doctors will be required to hire a privacy `` point person , '' says the lat , who will be trained to edit records for release ; [now] , when an employer inquires about a job-related injury , for example , he is usually given the employee 's entire record .

I suspect this will be a huge political issue within a few years , and five to ten years from now , after the boycotts and hoopla , we 'll all be eating very strange ( as we currently perceive it ) foods .
i suspect this will be a huge political issue within a few years , and five to ten years from now , after the boycotts and hoopla , we 'll all be eating very strange ( as we [now] perceive it ) foods .

Clinton announced yesterday that the EPA will force states to clean up 20,000 rivers , lakes , and bays currently too dirty to swim or fish in , the Post and the NYT report .
clinton announced yesterday that the epa will force states to clean up 20,000 rivers , lakes , and bays [now] too dirty to swim or fish in , the post and the nyt report .

A New York Times article briefly mentions that the longer document is currently in Israel and will be released this week .
a new york times article briefly mentions that the longer document is [now] in israel and will be released this week .

The Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz led Thursday with an exclusive report saying that the latest draft of the U.S. peace initiative required that Israel stop expanding its West Bank settlements and `` refrain from demolishing 1800 [ Palestinian ] homes currently slated for demolition . ''
the israeli newspaper ha'aretz led thursday with an exclusive report saying that the latest draft of the u.s. peace initiative required that israel stop expanding its west bank settlements and `` refrain from demolishing 1800 [ palestinian ] homes [now] slated for demolition . ''

Homosexuality ceased to be grounds for exclusion from the United States in 1991 , but since gay and lesbian couples can not legally marry in this country , there is currently no legal way for them to benefit from family-preference laws .
homosexuality ceased to be grounds for exclusion from the united states in 1991 , but since gay and lesbian couples can not legally marry in this country , there is [now] no legal way for them to benefit from family-preference laws .

In Israel , Ha'aretz led its front page Thursday not with Clinton 's troubles but with the news that U.S. special Middle East peace envoy Dennis Ross , currently in Jerusalem , is hoping to draft a new Israeli pullback package before the end of this week .
in israel , ha'aretz led its front page thursday not with clinton 's troubles but with the news that u.s. special middle east peace envoy dennis ross , [now] in jerusalem , is hoping to draft a new israeli pullback package before the end of this week .

Last month , the Associated Press reported the arcane rules currently in effect for who can be buried in Arlington :
last month , the associated press reported the arcane rules [now] in effect for who can be buried in arlington :

There are currently 350 pseudonyms in use at the agency .
there are [now] 350 pseudonyms in use at the agency .

The upshot of the camera tampering , according to USAT , is that the team leader ca n't verify that Iraq is not currently producing weapons of mass destruction .
the upshot of the camera tampering , according to usat , is that the team leader ca n't verify that iraq is not [now] producing weapons of mass destruction .

A wrinkle in all this , reports the NYT , is that the Oregon legislature had already decided to put the question to the voters again , so another by-mail referendum currently underway will probably be concluded before the original law can take effect .
a wrinkle in all this , reports the nyt , is that the oregon legislature had already decided to put the question to the voters again , so another by-mail referendum [now] underway will probably be concluded before the original law can take effect .

The Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report '' notes that a bill passing the House recently would grant accountants and other tax advisers the privilege of client confidentiality that is currently only enjoyed in tax matters by lawyers .
the wall street journal `` tax report '' notes that a bill passing the house recently would grant accountants and other tax advisers the privilege of client confidentiality that is [now] only enjoyed in tax matters by lawyers .

The New York Times goes with the revelation of a major Clinton administration domestic goal for this year : sign up millions of children eligible for Medicaid health insurance but not currently enrolled .
the new york times goes with the revelation of a major clinton administration domestic goal for this year : sign up millions of children eligible for medicaid health insurance but not [now] enrolled .

Women currently head the Canadian units of Ford , General Motors , Xerox , and Kraft .
women [now] head the canadian units of ford , general motors , xerox , and kraft .

It runs an op-ed piece about China that asserts `` while individuals and special-interest groups are free to give human rights absolute and unqualified priority , governments are not , '' and which reports that `` the number of political prisoners in China currently is 3,000 -- which is 0.00023 percent of the total population . ''
it runs an op-ed piece about china that asserts `` while individuals and special-interest groups are free to give human rights absolute and unqualified priority , governments are not , '' and which reports that `` the number of political prisoners in china [now] is 3,000 -- which is 0.00023 percent of the total population . ''

Is n't it possible that if we all stop buying things all sorts of people who currently are n't starving to death will suddenly be out of work and will soon be starving to death ?
is n't it possible that if we all stop buying things all sorts of people who [now] are n't starving to death will suddenly be out of work and will soon be starving to death ?

For the purposes of the movie , I think of the '80s as the moment just before everything that is currently happening happened .
for the purposes of the movie , i think of the '80s as the moment just before everything that is [now] happening happened .

Currently , 2 million Puerto Ricans live in the United States and 4 million live in Puerto Rico .
[now] , 2 million puerto ricans live in the united states and 4 million live in puerto rico .

As a state , Puerto Rico 's per capita income would be half that of Mississippi , currently the poorest state .
as a state , puerto rico 's per capita income would be half that of mississippi , [now] the poorest state .

The new requirement : Signing an affidavit affirming not being currently married and not being currently pregnant .
the new requirement : signing an affidavit affirming not being [now] married and not being [now] pregnant .

To find out whether vouchers can actually improve education , Bush would have to offer an additional incentive worth several times the federal government 's Title 1 spending ( currently around $ 8 billion ) .
to find out whether vouchers can actually improve education , bush would have to offer an additional incentive worth several times the federal government 's title 1 spending ( [now] around $ 8 billion ) .

At one point he imagines this middle-class plaint : `` By dismissing our fears about declining morality out of hand , you fail to recognize that middle-class morality is not necessarily opposed to the values of inclusion and equality that you currently profess . ''
at one point he imagines this middle-class plaint : `` by dismissing our fears about declining morality out of hand , you fail to recognize that middle-class morality is not necessarily opposed to the values of inclusion and equality that you [now] profess . ''

Burn Rate , currently all the rage in Silicon Valley and on Wall Street and excerpted in the June Wired to wide acclaim , deserves our attention for its panoramic treatment of the Internet 's boom years and its pus-ugly picture of the get-rich psyche .
burn rate , [now] all the rage in silicon valley and on wall street and excerpted in the june wired to wide acclaim , deserves our attention for its panoramic treatment of the internet 's boom years and its pus-ugly picture of the get-rich psyche .

Will meets the poor kid when the woman Will is currently attempting to date drags the boy along on a picnic as a favor to the boy 's flaky mother .
will meets the poor kid when the woman will is [now] attempting to date drags the boy along on a picnic as a favor to the boy 's flaky mother .

Only 17 of the nearly 800 excavated villas are currently open to the public .
only 17 of the nearly 800 excavated villas are [now] open to the public .

L Is for Legacy : Gwen Ifill double dribbled her observation that the L word currently haunting Clinton is `` legacy , '' not liberalism ( Washington Week in Review and Meet the Press ) .
l is for legacy : gwen ifill double dribbled her observation that the l word [now] haunting clinton is `` legacy , '' not liberalism ( washington week in review and meet the press ) .

While there are currently about two dozen gay or lesbian regulars in prime-time shows , according to the gay and lesbian magazine the Advocate , none plays the lead .
while there are [now] about two dozen gay or lesbian regulars in prime-time shows , according to the gay and lesbian magazine the advocate , none plays the lead .

It 's interesting to note that of the 21 pundits who held forth on tobacco legislation this weekend , only Jack Germond professes to currently being a smoker .
it 's interesting to note that of the 21 pundits who held forth on tobacco legislation this weekend , only jack germond professes to [now] being a smoker .

JFK 's words imply that he 's for the plan , or at least for something very like it ( in fact , the three Kennedys currently in Congress opposed the Republican version and were split on the final compromise ) .
jfk 's words imply that he 's for the plan , or at least for something very like it ( in fact , the three kennedys [now] in congress opposed the republican version and were split on the final compromise ) .

Currently , its advance is generating the greatest concern in the ex-Soviet states of Central Asia , but the movement may yet resonate more strongly in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia .
[now] , its advance is generating the greatest concern in the ex-soviet states of central asia , but the movement may yet resonate more strongly in pakistan and saudi arabia .

According to Corriere della Sera of Milan , the FAA `` seems not to know '' that the same Porcari , now aged 50 , is currently in prison in Naples for a different crime .
according to corriere della sera of milan , the faa `` seems not to know '' that the same porcari , now aged 50 , is [now] in prison in naples for a different crime .

All of those currently being developed employ digital signature technology -- a cryptographic alternative to traditional signatures that identifies a document 's origin and verifies that it has n't been altered while being transmitted ( click here for a primer ) .
all of those [now] being developed employ digital signature technology -- a cryptographic alternative to traditional signatures that identifies a document 's origin and verifies that it has n't been altered while being transmitted ( click here for a primer ) .

Currently , Clinton 's men are taking aim at independent counsel Kenneth Starr .
[now] , clinton 's men are taking aim at independent counsel kenneth starr .

Strong currently serves as an adviser to the U.N. secretary-general , an adviser to the World Bank president , and presided over the 1992 Earth Summit as its secretary-general .
strong [now] serves as an adviser to the u.n. secretary-general , an adviser to the world bank president , and presided over the 1992 earth summit as its secretary-general .

Currently , needle-exchange clinics damage neighborhoods by serving as magnets for addicts .
[now] , needle-exchange clinics damage neighborhoods by serving as magnets for addicts .

Currently , explains the Post , patents are not allowed on human beings ( based on the 13th Amendment 's proscription of slavery ) , but the issue of hybrids is unsettled , because patent law has not addressed `` how human '' an animal would have to be before it fell under the ban .
[now] , explains the post , patents are not allowed on human beings ( based on the 13th amendment 's proscription of slavery ) , but the issue of hybrids is unsettled , because patent law has not addressed `` how human '' an animal would have to be before it fell under the ban .

USA Today leads with the Senate 's passage of a huge transportation-funding plan , 38 percent larger than the one currently in effect .
usa today leads with the senate 's passage of a huge transportation-funding plan , 38 percent larger than the one [now] in effect .

There are currently , Abramson reported , 31 separate official inquiries into reported wrongdoing by Bill Clinton , members of his administration or figures in the Democratic Party .
there are [now] , abramson reported , 31 separate official inquiries into reported wrongdoing by bill clinton , members of his administration or figures in the democratic party .

The national edition of the New York Times leads with a U.S.-British operation that 's currently relocating nuclear material from the nation of Georgia to England to keep it out of the hands of Iran , Chechen gangs or aspiring nuclear powers .
the national edition of the new york times leads with a u.s.-british operation that 's [now] relocating nuclear material from the nation of georgia to england to keep it out of the hands of iran , chechen gangs or aspiring nuclear powers .

The LAT front brings word that NOW , after staying on the sidelines while Paula Jones still had a case headed for trial , is currently considering providing support for her appeal of its recent dismissal .
the lat front brings word that now , after staying on the sidelines while paula jones still had a case headed for trial , is [now] considering providing support for her appeal of its recent dismissal .

The New York Times leads with the recommendation by the nation 's air safety board that thousands of airliners currently in service be rewired as a precaution against the sort of fuel tank explosion that destroyed TWA Flight 800 .
the new york times leads with the recommendation by the nation 's air safety board that thousands of airliners [now] in service be rewired as a precaution against the sort of fuel tank explosion that destroyed twa flight 800 .

The dramatic extent of the development is pointed out by the NYT 's observation that Boeing alone has produced nearly 10,000 airliners currently in service , and that the recommendation applies to the planes of at least one other company , Airbus , as well .
the dramatic extent of the development is pointed out by the nyt 's observation that boeing alone has produced nearly 10,000 airliners [now] in service , and that the recommendation applies to the planes of at least one other company , airbus , as well .

The WP lead reports that the company emerging from the BankAmerica/NationsBank combine will command eight percent of all bank deposits in the U.S. , close to the ten percent limit currently mandated by federal law .
the wp lead reports that the company emerging from the bankamerica/nationsbank combine will command eight percent of all bank deposits in the u.s. , close to the ten percent limit [now] mandated by federal law .

We are currently capable of perpetrating every kind of visual lie on display here , and seamlessly and invisibly at that , for reasons some may well think are justified .
we are [now] capable of perpetrating every kind of visual lie on display here , and seamlessly and invisibly at that , for reasons some may well think are justified .

Joseph Paul Franklin , a white supremacist currently serving six life sentences for murder ( and the man to whom the right-wing paranoid cult classic , The Turner Diaries , is dedicated ) , made a jailhouse confession in Flynt 's shooting .
joseph paul franklin , a white supremacist [now] serving six life sentences for murder ( and the man to whom the right-wing paranoid cult classic , the turner diaries , is dedicated ) , made a jailhouse confession in flynt 's shooting .

Currently serving a life sentence for the crime , Yolanda told 20/20 that Selena called her `` Mom . ''
[now] serving a life sentence for the crime , yolanda told 20/20 that selena called her `` mom . ''

I would be hard pressed to think of a single economist not actually employed by an anti-environmental lobbying operation who believes that the United States should protect the environment less , not more , than it currently does .
i would be hard pressed to think of a single economist not actually employed by an anti-environmental lobbying operation who believes that the united states should protect the environment less , not more , than it [now] does .

Even if we accept that Cassidy does n't know much about the discipline he currently covers , what happened to basic journalistic instincts ?
even if we accept that cassidy does n't know much about the discipline he [now] covers , what happened to basic journalistic instincts ?

France 's problem is unemployment ( currently almost 13 percent ) .
france 's problem is unemployment ( [now] almost 13 percent ) .

The scenarios under consideration tend to emphasize making membership entirely or partially elective , which would make the House of Lords more democratic , and then giving the upper chamber greater power than it currently enjoys .
the scenarios under consideration tend to emphasize making membership entirely or partially elective , which would make the house of lords more democratic , and then giving the upper chamber greater power than it [now] enjoys .

When a company splits its stock , it does so by offering its current shareholders one ( or sometimes two or three ) shares for every one they currently own .
when a company splits its stock , it does so by offering its current shareholders one ( or sometimes two or three ) shares for every one they [now] own .

Not that the author is a Buchananite or a Perotista ; a former Washington Post editor and currently a political writer for Rolling Stone , Greider is liberal and cosmopolitan .
not that the author is a buchananite or a perotista ; a former washington post editor and [now] a political writer for rolling stone , greider is liberal and cosmopolitan .

The drawings currently on exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art he likewise qualified as `` documents . ''
the drawings [now] on exhibit at the museum of modern art he likewise qualified as `` documents . ''

The suspicion about psychoanalysts that is currently fashionable creates an interesting dilemma for their biographers .
the suspicion about psychoanalysts that is [now] fashionable creates an interesting dilemma for their biographers .

By curious coincidence , this fairy-tale conjunction of appealing nymphets and gory murder is currently the subject of an unusual show at the Museum of American Folk Art in New York : an exhibition of eccentrically magnificent watercolors by the late painter and writer Henry Darger .
by curious coincidence , this fairy-tale conjunction of appealing nymphets and gory murder is [now] the subject of an unusual show at the museum of american folk art in new york : an exhibition of eccentrically magnificent watercolors by the late painter and writer henry darger .

The party , which finished second in October 's general elections , is currently negotiating with the conservative People 's Party .
the party , which finished second in october 's general elections , is [now] negotiating with the conservative people 's party .

His curriculum is fairly new and is currently used in less than a thousand schools , and I suspect that in time , and as more schools adopt the program , the curriculum will evolve .
his curriculum is fairly new and is [now] used in less than a thousand schools , and i suspect that in time , and as more schools adopt the program , the curriculum will evolve .

Bradley presents himself as someone ill at ease with the way politics is currently practiced .
bradley presents himself as someone ill at ease with the way politics is [now] practiced .

He currently enjoys parliamentary immunity , but parliament would almost certainly suspend it at prosecutorial request .
he [now] enjoys parliamentary immunity , but parliament would almost certainly suspend it at prosecutorial request .

Nor will the hearings affect the bans on abortions after `` fetal viability '' ( 24 weeks into the pregnancy ) currently pending in many states .
nor will the hearings affect the bans on abortions after `` fetal viability '' ( 24 weeks into the pregnancy ) [now] pending in many states .

Media conglomeration runs in cycles , so the fish currently progressing through the bellies of the media kings may not stay there for long .
media conglomeration runs in cycles , so the fish [now] progressing through the bellies of the media kings may not stay there for long .

Is there currently an American bohemia ?
is there [now] an american bohemia ?

The Democratic National Committee 's campaign purse is currently one-fourth the size of the Republican Party 's roughly $ 10 million war chest .
the democratic national committee 's campaign purse is [now] one-fourth the size of the republican party 's roughly $ 10 million war chest .

Something like $ 10 billion in new construction projects are currently underway in the city , including Paris , which will feature a 50-story replica of the Eiffel Tower .
something like $ 10 billion in new construction projects are [now] underway in the city , including paris , which will feature a 50-story replica of the eiffel tower .

The Indian Journal of Medical Research , on the other hand , despite all the press reports about India 's burgeoning middle class , is currently filled with reports on infectious diseases -- the scourge of poor nations .
the indian journal of medical research , on the other hand , despite all the press reports about india 's burgeoning middle class , is [now] filled with reports on infectious diseases -- the scourge of poor nations .

Currently , everywhere in the country it is illegal to drive with a blood-alcohol concentration of 0.10 percent or higher .
[now] , everywhere in the country it is illegal to drive with a blood-alcohol concentration of 0.10 percent or higher .

That analyst is followed by another who believes that the key is to seek out and buy those industries currently in favor with investors .
that analyst is followed by another who believes that the key is to seek out and buy those industries [now] in favor with investors .

She , in turn , is followed by an advocate for a more conventional approach : looking for companies with strong earnings growth that are currently trading at low stock prices .
she , in turn , is followed by an advocate for a more conventional approach : looking for companies with strong earnings growth that are [now] trading at low stock prices .

If more people have PCs , then more people will eventually use the Internet ( fewer than 20 percent of U.S. households currently have access ) .
if more people have pcs , then more people will eventually use the internet ( fewer than 20 percent of u.s. households [now] have access ) .

Increasingly , patients and their allies are seeking legislative remedies -- currently , more than 1,000 bills that would regulate managed-care plans are pending in state legislatures , 80 in California alone .
increasingly , patients and their allies are seeking legislative remedies -- [now] , more than 1,000 bills that would regulate managed-care plans are pending in state legislatures , 80 in california alone .

It 'd certainly be more cathartic for the anti-smoking forces , and probably less painful for the tobacco industry , than the farcical death by a thousand cuts process that 's currently underway in Washington .
it 'd certainly be more cathartic for the anti-smoking forces , and probably less painful for the tobacco industry , than the farcical death by a thousand cuts process that 's [now] underway in washington .

To hold costs down , the $ 24 billion program does n't cover kids who are currently insured .
to hold costs down , the $ 24 billion program does n't cover kids who are [now] insured .

If the primary goal is a future where all children are well covered , Congress should stick with the Senate 's broad insurance benefits , but open the program to all children below 200 percent of poverty -- even the currently insured .
if the primary goal is a future where all children are well covered , congress should stick with the senate 's broad insurance benefits , but open the program to all children below 200 percent of poverty -- even the [now] insured .

The plan gives states some murky coverage options and rules limiting the program to the currently uninsured .
the plan gives states some murky coverage options and rules limiting the program to the [now] uninsured .

It 's currently building the F-117A Stealth fighter and the thoroughly unnecessary F-22 for the Air Force , and is bidding against Boeing for the contract to build the Joint Strike fighter , the last great contracting plum of the century .
it 's [now] building the f-117a stealth fighter and the thoroughly unnecessary f-22 for the air force , and is bidding against boeing for the contract to build the joint strike fighter , the last great contracting plum of the century .

The transplant waiting list currently includes 55,560 patients , and about four thousand of them will die waiting .
the transplant waiting list [now] includes 55,560 patients , and about four thousand of them will die waiting .

Press accounts invariably suggested that Sara Lee 's divestment of manufacturing operations would free cash `` currently tied up in low-margin activities . ''
press accounts invariably suggested that sara lee 's divestment of manufacturing operations would free cash `` [now] tied up in low-margin activities . ''

Currently , astronauts , patients in many hospitals , and people in 27 other countries eat irradiated food .
[now] , astronauts , patients in many hospitals , and people in 27 other countries eat irradiated food .

The White House said it would drop the lawsuits if gun-makers accepted safety provisions demanded by 29 cities currently suing the industry .
the white house said it would drop the lawsuits if gun-makers accepted safety provisions demanded by 29 cities [now] suing the industry .

It praised President Abdurrahman Wahid , who is currently in the United States , for promising another referendum for the Aceh region .
it praised president abdurrahman wahid , who is [now] in the united states , for promising another referendum for the aceh region .

Posner is chief judge of the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals and the most prominent legal philosopher currently on the federal bench , including the Supreme Court .
posner is chief judge of the seventh circuit court of appeals and the most prominent legal philosopher [now] on the federal bench , including the supreme court .

There 's no evidence that the church currently uses extralegal weapons against online critics -- pries into their e-mail , say .
there 's no evidence that the church [now] uses extralegal weapons against online critics -- pries into their e-mail , say .

Although Osteen 's decision is currently under appeal , he approved Kessler 's ban on tobacco sales to anyone under 18 , as well as the commissioner 's various prohibitions on cigarette-vending machines , self-service cigarette displays , and free samples of tobacco .
although osteen 's decision is [now] under appeal , he approved kessler 's ban on tobacco sales to anyone under 18 , as well as the commissioner 's various prohibitions on cigarette-vending machines , self-service cigarette displays , and free samples of tobacco .

The FDA currently regulates that nonfat delivery device , olestra . )
the fda [now] regulates that nonfat delivery device , olestra . )

Instead , just when you 're starting to wonder who exactly is making this ridiculous claim , he changes the subject to an allegedly analogous example of biological determinism : currently popular Darwinian ideas about male and female psychology .
instead , just when you 're starting to wonder who exactly is making this ridiculous claim , he changes the subject to an allegedly analogous example of biological determinism : [now] popular darwinian ideas about male and female psychology .

In theory , mandatory insurance could make life better for everyone , including those who currently prefer to be uninsured .
in theory , mandatory insurance could make life better for everyone , including those who [now] prefer to be uninsured .

Currently , commercial Web publishers think they 've staved off Federal Trade Commission regulators by establishing voluntary privacy standards for online users .
[now] , commercial web publishers think they 've staved off federal trade commission regulators by establishing voluntary privacy standards for online users .

While items of my clothing are currently at the cleaners , I can provide explanations for all the spots .
while items of my clothing are [now] at the cleaners , i can provide explanations for all the spots .

Huntington 's book is devoted to a currently ubiquitous theme : tribalism .
huntington 's book is devoted to a [now] ubiquitous theme : tribalism .

Suppose the going prices are $ 1.65 for a man 's shirt and $ 5.25 for a woman 's blouse , even though ( under the theory we 're currently entertaining ) they are equally expensive for the cleaner to handle .
suppose the going prices are $ 1.65 for a man 's shirt and $ 5.25 for a woman 's blouse , even though ( under the theory we 're [now] entertaining ) they are equally expensive for the cleaner to handle .

This logic has no direct bearing on the currently topical issue of sexually integrated basic training .
this logic has no direct bearing on the [now] topical issue of sexually integrated basic training .

The search for an AIDS vaccine currently needs serious help , with the U.S. government , the biggest investor in the effort , spending less than 10 percent of its AIDS-research budget on the problem .
the search for an aids vaccine [now] needs serious help , with the u.s. government , the biggest investor in the effort , spending less than 10 percent of its aids-research budget on the problem .

Both Times note that it also is a vehicle for reducing the government 's reliance on foreign lenders , who currently hold 39 percent of U.S. publicly held debt .
both times note that it also is a vehicle for reducing the government 's reliance on foreign lenders , who [now] hold 39 percent of u.s. publicly held debt .

Here again , the benefits of this cut will flow almost entirely to the wealthiest , and will solve a problem that currently does not exist ( that is , capital scarcity ) .
here again , the benefits of this cut will flow almost entirely to the wealthiest , and will solve a problem that [now] does not exist ( that is , capital scarcity ) .

AOL currently has 17 million customers , and the $ 21.95 per month they pay for the service generates two-thirds of AOL 's revenue .
aol [now] has 17 million customers , and the $ 21.95 per month they pay for the service generates two-thirds of aol 's revenue .

Currently , says the story , GM takes about 17-18 days and Chrysler-Daimler takes 10-12 .
[now] , says the story , gm takes about 17-18 days and chrysler-daimler takes 10-12 .

The $ 690 million increase would add 120,000 families to the 1.7 million currently receiving the housing vouchers .
the $ 690 million increase would add 120,000 families to the 1.7 million [now] receiving the housing vouchers .

The paper said that , while the United States is demanding that Syria take action against Hezbollah first , `` there are signs of Syrian crackdowns on terror groups currently based in Syria , as well as Hezbollah . ''
the paper said that , while the united states is demanding that syria take action against hezbollah first , `` there are signs of syrian crackdowns on terror groups [now] based in syria , as well as hezbollah . ''

Don Michael Randel , currently provost at Cornell University , has been selected to succeed Hugo Sonnenschein , who stepped down in June .
don michael randel , [now] provost at cornell university , has been selected to succeed hugo sonnenschein , who stepped down in june .

The act is currently under consideration by a federal appeals court .
the act is [now] under consideration by a federal appeals court .

Certainly this argument applies in the case of alleged rape by a president even more currently popular than the governor of Texas .
certainly this argument applies in the case of alleged rape by a president even more [now] popular than the governor of texas .

Excellent reviews for math and physics Professor Brian Greene 's explanation of the basics of string theory , currently the most popular `` theory of everything , '' cited as a way of reconciling the otherwise incompatible theories of general relativity and quantum mechanics .
excellent reviews for math and physics professor brian greene 's explanation of the basics of string theory , [now] the most popular `` theory of everything , '' cited as a way of reconciling the otherwise incompatible theories of general relativity and quantum mechanics .

In the latter , currently the most popular movie in the country , the filmmakers strain to bring together free spirit Sandra Bullock and affianced fuddy-duddy Ben Affleck .
in the latter , [now] the most popular movie in the country , the filmmakers strain to bring together free spirit sandra bullock and affianced fuddy-duddy ben affleck .

The New York Times says the center is currently going after the law schools of the University of Washington and the University of Michigan .
the new york times says the center is [now] going after the law schools of the university of washington and the university of michigan .

An estimated 20,000 tourists are currently stranded in snowed-in resort towns throughout the Alps .
an estimated 20,000 tourists are [now] stranded in snowed-in resort towns throughout the alps .

Even those records `` are gibberish as they currently stand , '' sighs one former Archives librarian .
even those records `` are gibberish as they [now] stand , '' sighs one former archives librarian .

Traditional trades through Merrill currently cost up to hundreds of dollars ; the online fee will be $ 29.95 .
traditional trades through merrill [now] cost up to hundreds of dollars ; the online fee will be $ 29.95 .

The gist : China filched the designs for all seven nuclear warheads currently in the U.S. arsenal ; has used the designs to update its weapons ; and has been stealing secrets from American labs for more than 20 years .
the gist : china filched the designs for all seven nuclear warheads [now] in the u.s. arsenal ; has used the designs to update its weapons ; and has been stealing secrets from american labs for more than 20 years .

Wrestlers from Argentina , Brazil , Korea , and Mongolia are also currently active .
wrestlers from argentina , brazil , korea , and mongolia are also [now] active .

Glenn Close plays Camille Orcutt , Cookie 's histrionic niece and the director of the church theatricals ( currently Oscar Wilde 's Salome ) , whose hysterical obsession with hiding the `` disgraceful '' truth throws the town into an uproar .
glenn close plays camille orcutt , cookie 's histrionic niece and the director of the church theatricals ( [now] oscar wilde 's salome ) , whose hysterical obsession with hiding the `` disgraceful '' truth throws the town into an uproar .

A piece describes how the leading Kosovar Albanian newspaper is currently being published in exile in Macedonia by a ragtag bunch of twentysomething editors .
a piece describes how the leading kosovar albanian newspaper is [now] being published in exile in macedonia by a ragtag bunch of twentysomething editors .

McSweeney 's Internet Tendency , the online outpost of the delightful humor magazine , is currently featuring Tim 's `` The Talent Competition . ''
mcsweeney 's internet tendency , the online outpost of the delightful humor magazine , is [now] featuring tim 's `` the talent competition . ''

California , the balmy home of the next Democratic National Convention , is currently featuring Tim himself .
california , the balmy home of the next democratic national convention , is [now] featuring tim himself .

The chemistry between us is palpable , and we truly enjoy many things together in what is currently a platonic friendship .
the chemistry between us is palpable , and we truly enjoy many things together in what is [now] a platonic friendship .

More dampeningly still , the Daily Telegraph of London led Monday with the news that British Prime Minister Tony Blair , currently the most hawkish of the NATO leaders , failed to sway his allies in favor of deploying ground troops .
more dampeningly still , the daily telegraph of london led monday with the news that british prime minister tony blair , [now] the most hawkish of the nato leaders , failed to sway his allies in favor of deploying ground troops .

Forty-three states currently permit concealed weapons .
forty-three states [now] permit concealed weapons .

Hare 's first play to open at the National Theatre in London in 1978 ( and currently being revived there ) was Plenty , later made into a film with Meryl Streep .
hare 's first play to open at the national theatre in london in 1978 ( and [now] being revived there ) was plenty , later made into a film with meryl streep .

Prom is coming up , and I am currently wondering whether or not to ask anyone .
prom is coming up , and i am [now] wondering whether or not to ask anyone .

Running down the left side of every article you 'll find `` Today in Slate , '' which is our attempt to persuade you to check out other good stuff currently on our site .
running down the left side of every article you 'll find `` today in slate , '' which is our attempt to persuade you to check out other good stuff [now] on our site .

By contrast `` Related in Slate `` box contains links to relevant Slate pieces -- new or old -- that are related to the page you are currently reading .
by contrast `` related in slate `` box contains links to relevant slate pieces -- new or old -- that are related to the page you are [now] reading .

Thanks to current banking regulations , more than 85 percent of U.S. banks currently maintain KYC programs .
thanks to current banking regulations , more than 85 percent of u.s. banks [now] maintain kyc programs .

The form is currently represented by an unheralded , low-budget jewel called Six Ways to Sunday , directed by Adam Bernstein from a script he wrote with Marc Gerald .
the form is [now] represented by an unheralded , low-budget jewel called six ways to sunday , directed by adam bernstein from a script he wrote with marc gerald .

However , I am currently limiting my donations to a select few organizations .
however , i am [now] limiting my donations to a select few organizations .

Beginning at age 15 , she had an affair for almost two years with a 35-year-old married man ; has attempted suicide some three times ; was hospitalized for psychiatric problems for three months ; was arrested for assault and is currently on probation ; and the list goes on .
beginning at age 15 , she had an affair for almost two years with a 35-year-old married man ; has attempted suicide some three times ; was hospitalized for psychiatric problems for three months ; was arrested for assault and is [now] on probation ; and the list goes on .

One of the men I am currently seeing has asked me to dinner at a particular restaurant that he 's been eager to try .
one of the men i am [now] seeing has asked me to dinner at a particular restaurant that he 's been eager to try .

Although China currently launches relatively few satellites , Loral , like its competitors Hughes and Lockheed Martin , aims to increase its use of Chinese rockets for several reasons :
although china [now] launches relatively few satellites , loral , like its competitors hughes and lockheed martin , aims to increase its use of chinese rockets for several reasons :

There are currently 11 U.S. Navy warships in the Persian Gulf carrying cruise missiles capable of hitting Baghdad .
there are [now] 11 u.s. navy warships in the persian gulf carrying cruise missiles capable of hitting baghdad .

Only 10 percent of transactions are currently conducted in rubles -- the national currency .
only 10 percent of transactions are [now] conducted in rubles -- the national currency .

However , there are currently no federal laws prohibiting the second category .
however , there are [now] no federal laws prohibiting the second category .

What sort of cultural and political influence does Farrakhan currently wield ?
what sort of cultural and political influence does farrakhan [now] wield ?

Even then , some critics doubt that Russia , which is currently reluctant to participate in further arms-control efforts , will move to ratification .
even then , some critics doubt that russia , which is [now] reluctant to participate in further arms-control efforts , will move to ratification .

Currently , more than 37,000 Palestinians commute daily to jobs in Israel .
[now] , more than 37,000 palestinians commute daily to jobs in israel .

Currently , voter turnout among eligible Hispanics remains below the national average .
[now] , voter turnout among eligible hispanics remains below the national average .

Currently , there is no international encryption standard in place ; but the law-enforcement agencies hope that U.S. export policy will lead to one .
[now] , there is no international encryption standard in place ; but the law-enforcement agencies hope that u.s. export policy will lead to one .

Because McLaren 's neighbors spotted armed men arriving in trucks with Idaho license plates , it is believed that some of the 12 men and women currently residing in the `` embassy '' may belong to other rightist groups .
because mclaren 's neighbors spotted armed men arriving in trucks with idaho license plates , it is believed that some of the 12 men and women [now] residing in the `` embassy '' may belong to other rightist groups .

Despite the higher rates , in competitive areas private firms get the lion 's share of business -- for example , UPS currently delivers more than 80 percent of all the packages shipped in the United States .
despite the higher rates , in competitive areas private firms get the lion 's share of business -- for example , ups [now] delivers more than 80 percent of all the packages shipped in the united states .

Bills , payments , and financial statements currently account for half of first-class mail volume and one-third of USPS 's revenue .
bills , payments , and financial statements [now] account for half of first-class mail volume and one-third of usps 's revenue .

Of course both these groups -- the Roseannes and the Murphy Browns , you might say -- are currently leaning heavily for Clinton .
of course both these groups -- the roseannes and the murphy browns , you might say -- are [now] leaning heavily for clinton .

Readers choose a book to discuss ( currently Allan Bloom 's The Closing of the American Mind ) , elect a Fraygrant to lead the discussion , and have themselves an electronic book group .
readers choose a book to discuss ( [now] allan bloom 's the closing of the american mind ) , elect a fraygrant to lead the discussion , and have themselves an electronic book group .

What we have added is a new page called Pundit Links , with links to the most recent columns by nearly every major opinionmeister currently available on the Web , ranging alphabetically from Russell Baker to George Will , and ideologically from Molly Ivins to -- oh , R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr. , we suppose .
what we have added is a new page called pundit links , with links to the most recent columns by nearly every major opinionmeister [now] available on the web , ranging alphabetically from russell baker to george will , and ideologically from molly ivins to -- oh , r. emmett tyrrell jr. , we suppose .

Currently we do these two different ways .
[now] we do these two different ways .

Over the next 15 years , the United States , along with other industrialized nations , must cut its emissions of greenhouse gases to a level one-third below its currently projected output .
over the next 15 years , the united states , along with other industrialized nations , must cut its emissions of greenhouse gases to a level one-third below its [now] projected output .

The DSM , now in its fourth edition , is the reference book which details all the mental disorders currently acknowledged by the APA .
the dsm , now in its fourth edition , is the reference book which details all the mental disorders [now] acknowledged by the apa .

Like the Nation of Islam , which claims Elijah Muhammad is currently circling Earth on a space shuttle , Sun Ra made his vision of liberation in Saturn the ideological bedrock of a rigorous theology , organization , and enterprise .
like the nation of islam , which claims elijah muhammad is [now] circling earth on a space shuttle , sun ra made his vision of liberation in saturn the ideological bedrock of a rigorous theology , organization , and enterprise .

There is an astonishing array of inventions in women 's costumes , where all the most dangerous aesthetic risks are currently being taken .
there is an astonishing array of inventions in women 's costumes , where all the most dangerous aesthetic risks are [now] being taken .

The thing is , child abuse as currently conceived is hopelessly Gothic .
the thing is , child abuse as [now] conceived is hopelessly gothic .

Where the Times emphasized the elaborate support system the state has erected , the Post , while recognizing that aspect , emphasizes instead Wisconsin 's tendency to cut people off who 've demonstrated the most minimal ability to hold a job , regardless of whether they currently have one .
where the times emphasized the elaborate support system the state has erected , the post , while recognizing that aspect , emphasizes instead wisconsin 's tendency to cut people off who 've demonstrated the most minimal ability to hold a job , regardless of whether they [now] have one .

A Boss spokeswoman is quoted as saying , `` ... We 're currently trying to find what was going on . ''
a boss spokeswoman is quoted as saying , `` ... we 're [now] trying to find what was going on . ''

Currently , respondents can choose from among `` American Indian , '' `` Alaskan Native , '' `` Asian or Pacific Islander , '' `` black , '' or `` white , '' and also from the ethnic categories of `` Hispanic origin '' and `` not of Hispanic origin . ''
[now] , respondents can choose from among `` american indian , '' `` alaskan native , '' `` asian or pacific islander , '' `` black , '' or `` white , '' and also from the ethnic categories of `` hispanic origin '' and `` not of hispanic origin . ''

The presidential smoking ban would , says the WP , `` set a standard policy across the government and extend existing prohibitions to places currently exempt , such as military officers ' clubs . ''
the presidential smoking ban would , says the wp , `` set a standard policy across the government and extend existing prohibitions to places [now] exempt , such as military officers ' clubs . ''

Atop its piece today about the just-announced new TV ratings system , the LAT runs a graphic box featuring the new content guidelines that will be added to the age-based ones currently in use : V-Violence , S-Sexual Situations , L-Coarse Language , D-Suggestive Dialogue , and FV-Fantasy Violence .
atop its piece today about the just-announced new tv ratings system , the lat runs a graphic box featuring the new content guidelines that will be added to the age-based ones [now] in use : v-violence , s-sexual situations , l-coarse language , d-suggestive dialogue , and fv-fantasy violence .

The paper then goes on to relieve whatever anxieties are currently being suffered by libertarian fight fans : `` The president , however , stopped short of suggesting federal intervention in boxing . ''
the paper then goes on to relieve whatever anxieties are [now] being suffered by libertarian fight fans : `` the president , however , stopped short of suggesting federal intervention in boxing . ''

Mendelsohn 's most recent annual survey shows that those households with children where the annual family income exceeds $ 250,000 are blessed with an average of 2.3 children currently at home .
mendelsohn 's most recent annual survey shows that those households with children where the annual family income exceeds $ 250,000 are blessed with an average of 2.3 children [now] at home .

More likely , any cost savings would come from eliminating stores in shared markets -- that is , from eliminating stores that currently compete with each other .
more likely , any cost savings would come from eliminating stores in shared markets -- that is , from eliminating stores that [now] compete with each other .

The CV on which Gates says no one could possibly suppose he was trying to imply he is currently on those boards : We accept that he was not trying to imply this , but you would n't be insane to infer it -- especially given that some boards do list a leaving date .
the cv on which gates says no one could possibly suppose he was trying to imply he is [now] on those boards : we accept that he was not trying to imply this , but you would n't be insane to infer it -- especially given that some boards do list a leaving date .

Many thousands of young Americans currently live in Moscow , Prague , and other Eastern European capitals , enjoying the excitements of their post-Communist transition , excitements that include the abundance of attractive sexual partners eager to connect with Westerners .
many thousands of young americans [now] live in moscow , prague , and other eastern european capitals , enjoying the excitements of their post-communist transition , excitements that include the abundance of attractive sexual partners eager to connect with westerners .

With baby boomers in their peak earning years , Social Security currently brings in more revenue than it pays out in benefits .
with baby boomers in their peak earning years , social security [now] brings in more revenue than it pays out in benefits .

The second problem is that even if the government honors these bonds in full -- principal and interest -- a point will be reached , well into the next century , when the Social Security `` trust fund '' is exhausted , and not enough money is coming in to pay the currently promised benefits .
the second problem is that even if the government honors these bonds in full -- principal and interest -- a point will be reached , well into the next century , when the social security `` trust fund '' is exhausted , and not enough money is coming in to pay the [now] promised benefits .

Most economists do agree that the Consumer Price Index significantly overstates inflation , and the system currently adjusts retirees ' initial benefits for real economic growth as well as for inflation .
most economists do agree that the consumer price index significantly overstates inflation , and the system [now] adjusts retirees ' initial benefits for real economic growth as well as for inflation .

Currently , election law permits national party committees such as the Democratic National Committee and the Republican National Committee to accept unlimited soft-money contributions and redirect them .
[now] , election law permits national party committees such as the democratic national committee and the republican national committee to accept unlimited soft-money contributions and redirect them .

Joan R. Petersilia , former director of RAND 's criminal-justice-research program , has calculated that we currently spend about $ 200 per year per probationer for supervision .
joan r. petersilia , former director of rand 's criminal-justice-research program , has calculated that we [now] spend about $ 200 per year per probationer for supervision .

A front-page NYT effort illustrates the military 's current personnel crunch via the situation aboard the Navy 's newest ship , the $ 4.5 billion aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman -- meant to be run with nearly 400 more crewmembers than it could muster for the warm-up cruise currently underway in the Atlantic .
a front-page nyt effort illustrates the military 's current personnel crunch via the situation aboard the navy 's newest ship , the $ 4.5 billion aircraft carrier harry s. truman -- meant to be run with nearly 400 more crewmembers than it could muster for the warm-up cruise [now] underway in the atlantic .

In the movie , currently being shown on 10 screens in the United States , Broomfield tracks down wierdos of the you-couldn't-make-these-people-up variety to get them to accuse Love not just of being a jerk , but of being a murderer .
in the movie , [now] being shown on 10 screens in the united states , broomfield tracks down wierdos of the you-couldn't-make-these-people-up variety to get them to accuse love not just of being a jerk , but of being a murderer .

The two papers note that the report has created new tensions between the U.S. and Russia , which wants to lift the sanctions currently binding on Iraq .
the two papers note that the report has created new tensions between the u.s. and russia , which wants to lift the sanctions [now] binding on iraq .

Business groups and congressional Republicans have long opposed such standards on the theory that compliance will cost more than the $ 15- $ 20 billion a year currently spent on workers ' compensation for these injuries .
business groups and congressional republicans have long opposed such standards on the theory that compliance will cost more than the $ 15- $ 20 billion a year [now] spent on workers ' compensation for these injuries .

Everybody fronts the news that the head of the International Olympic Committee , Juan Samaranch , apologized Sunday for the site-selection corruption scandal currently swirling around the Olympics , and suspended six IOC members implicated in it .
everybody fronts the news that the head of the international olympic committee , juan samaranch , apologized sunday for the site-selection corruption scandal [now] swirling around the olympics , and suspended six ioc members implicated in it .

The paper says about 4000 Army and Marine soldiers will be stationed in the southern part of the Serbian province -- if the two sides fighting a civil war there can come up with a cease-fire agreement in the negotiations currently under way in Paris .
the paper says about 4000 army and marine soldiers will be stationed in the southern part of the serbian province -- if the two sides fighting a civil war there can come up with a cease-fire agreement in the negotiations [now] under way in paris .

In other news , according to a story reefered on the front page of the Times and reported inside the Post and the LAT , Clinton will announce on Saturday that American troops will be deployed to Kosovo if a satisfactory agreement is reached between the `` warring parties '' currently negotiating in a chateau outside Paris .
in other news , according to a story reefered on the front page of the times and reported inside the post and the lat , clinton will announce on saturday that american troops will be deployed to kosovo if a satisfactory agreement is reached between the `` warring parties '' [now] negotiating in a chateau outside paris .

A forced breakup is currently envisioned by the government as coming in two flavors : 1 ) Carve MS into one company that sells only the Windows operating system and one that would sell other MS software products , and 2 ) Split the company into two or more nearly identical units .
a forced breakup is [now] envisioned by the government as coming in two flavors : 1 ) carve ms into one company that sells only the windows operating system and one that would sell other ms software products , and 2 ) split the company into two or more nearly identical units .

An example highlighted by the paper is the bill currently advancing in the Florida legislature that would make it a crime punishable by up to five years in jail and a $ 5,000 fine for any local government official or employee to file suit against gunmakers -- consequences rarely suffered , it should be noted , by those convicted of illegal gun possession or discharge .
an example highlighted by the paper is the bill [now] advancing in the florida legislature that would make it a crime punishable by up to five years in jail and a $ 5,000 fine for any local government official or employee to file suit against gunmakers -- consequences rarely suffered , it should be noted , by those convicted of illegal gun possession or discharge .

Approved 237 to 186 ( with 51 Republicans breaking party lines to support it ) , the bill would 1 ) Ban unregulated `` soft money '' donations to political parties and 2 ) Restrict `` issue-advocacy ads , '' which sometimes mask their true sponsors and currently skirt regulation .
approved 237 to 186 ( with 51 republicans breaking party lines to support it ) , the bill would 1 ) ban unregulated `` soft money '' donations to political parties and 2 ) restrict `` issue-advocacy ads , '' which sometimes mask their true sponsors and [now] skirt regulation .

He will join his former fiancee and ex-Naval Academy midshipman , Diane Zamora , who currently is serving a life sentence for her role in the murder .
he will join his former fiancee and ex-naval academy midshipman , diane zamora , who [now] is serving a life sentence for her role in the murder .

The most famous examples -- Megan 's Law ( federal : requires notifying a neighborhood of the presence of a convicted sex offender ) , the Jimmy Ryce Act ( Florida ) and Stephanie 's Law ( Kansas : both provide for the commitment to a mental hospital of dangerous repeat sex offenders after the expiration of their prison terms ) -- are but the tip of a legislative iceberg that , the Post reports , currently consists of at least 50 such laws added to the books in the past 18 months .
the most famous examples -- megan 's law ( federal : requires notifying a neighborhood of the presence of a convicted sex offender ) , the jimmy ryce act ( florida ) and stephanie 's law ( kansas : both provide for the commitment to a mental hospital of dangerous repeat sex offenders after the expiration of their prison terms ) -- are but the tip of a legislative iceberg that , the post reports , [now] consists of at least 50 such laws added to the books in the past 18 months .

The later metro edition of the NYT instead leads with the U.S. ' strategizing about how to capture suspected terrorist mastermind Osama bin Laden , currently in Afghanistan .
the later metro edition of the nyt instead leads with the u.s. ' strategizing about how to capture suspected terrorist mastermind osama bin laden , [now] in afghanistan .

The NYT says they currently suspect plastic explosives , perhaps from a lot sold to Libya by Czechoslovakia in the 1970s or 80s .
the nyt says they [now] suspect plastic explosives , perhaps from a lot sold to libya by czechoslovakia in the 1970s or 80s .

There is another bit of context missing from all accounts : what responsibilities the law currently assigns to school districts with regard to other sorts of teacher misconduct .
there is another bit of context missing from all accounts : what responsibilities the law [now] assigns to school districts with regard to other sorts of teacher misconduct .

The Chinese words kung fu and wok are currently in vogue in the US , whence they are likely to spread to other English-speaking countries .
the chinese words kung fu and wok are [now] in vogue in the us , whence they are likely to spread to other english-speaking countries .

Although the various Anglo-hybrids are currently unstable , the hybridity itself is stable enough .
although the various anglo-hybrids are [now] unstable , the hybridity itself is stable enough .

He intimated that , in his humble opinion , his overseer is a loquacious and diminutive fellow of a somewhat devious and unpleasant bent , that he is afflicted with a strabismus of the sinistral optical member , and that he is currently attired in a rather noisome woolen torsal garment of an indeterminate off-chocolate hue .
he intimated that , in his humble opinion , his overseer is a loquacious and diminutive fellow of a somewhat devious and unpleasant bent , that he is afflicted with a strabismus of the sinistral optical member , and that he is [now] attired in a rather noisome woolen torsal garment of an indeterminate off-chocolate hue .

The vitalists , like Shaw and Bergson , were n't alone in trying to explain evolution ; there were also the Lamarckians ( and later in the then-Soviet Union , Lysenkoism ) ; the orthogenesis true-believers ; and , finally , the neoDarwinists , whose view of random mutations is the currently accepted explanation .
the vitalists , like shaw and bergson , were n't alone in trying to explain evolution ; there were also the lamarckians ( and later in the then-soviet union , lysenkoism ) ; the orthogenesis true-believers ; and , finally , the neodarwinists , whose view of random mutations is the [now] accepted explanation .

While English is currently the most important language , it is the first language of only a small proportion of speakers : according to official estimates for 1989-90 , English , with two million first-language speakers , is well behind Zulu , Xhosa , Afrikaans , Tswana , and North Sotho .
while english is [now] the most important language , it is the first language of only a small proportion of speakers : according to official estimates for 1989-90 , english , with two million first-language speakers , is well behind zulu , xhosa , afrikaans , tswana , and north sotho .

This article is an attempt to catalogue the main tools currently applied by cryptic puzzle-makers and solvers .
this article is an attempt to catalogue the main tools [now] applied by cryptic puzzle-makers and solvers .

Our purpose here is rather to devise a classification of the various types of clue elements ( CEs ) currently in use .
our purpose here is rather to devise a classification of the various types of clue elements ( ces ) [now] in use .

Currently two Russian words are challenging correspondents , among others , to find English equivalents : perestroika and glasnost ' .
[now] two russian words are challenging correspondents , among others , to find english equivalents : perestroika and glasnost ' .

Currently , however , many a denizen of the United States regards light ( also spelled lite ) as a label that indicates that a beer is lower in calories than its nonlight counterparts .
[now] , however , many a denizen of the united states regards light ( also spelled lite ) as a label that indicates that a beer is lower in calories than its nonlight counterparts .

Woolf here suggests two lines of thought currently pursued by feminist linguists ; feminists both seek to describe women 's language and to explore the cluster of related conditions summarized under the rubric “ silence. ” The discussion by women about women 's language is lively ; the discussion of the related and complementary topic , women 's silence , is elaborate , complex , and a bit sad .
woolf here suggests two lines of thought [now] pursued by feminist linguists ; feminists both seek to describe women 's language and to explore the cluster of related conditions summarized under the rubric “ silence. ” the discussion by women about women 's language is lively ; the discussion of the related and complementary topic , women 's silence , is elaborate , complex , and a bit sad .

Though all are currently being used almost exclusively in plural form , they are treated as if they were singular , e.g. , a bacteria , etc .
though all are [now] being used almost exclusively in plural form , they are treated as if they were singular , e.g. , a bacteria , etc .

One use of a flag is to mark whether information currently in use in a computer application has been changed since it was last saved .
one use of a flag is to mark whether information [now] in use in a computer application has been changed since it was last saved .

The latter , according to the currently accepted theory , became contankerous , and then cantankerous , influenced by cankerous and rancorous .
the latter , according to the [now] accepted theory , became contankerous , and then cantankerous , influenced by cankerous and rancorous .

My father , Ernest Truex , had been appearing in London 's West End for several years and was currently starring in Good Morning , Bill !
my father , ernest truex , had been appearing in london 's west end for several years and was [now] starring in good morning , bill !

My list was also merely indicative of the terms currently employed ( five of them ) , and Bernstein 's Reverse Dictionary mentions the other major divisions as well .
my list was also merely indicative of the terms [now] employed ( five of them ) , and bernstein 's reverse dictionary mentions the other major divisions as well .

Although currently considered the most glaring of all Indian team names , Redskins actually predates its New World usage by some twenty-five centuries or so .
although [now] considered the most glaring of all indian team names , redskins actually predates its new world usage by some twenty-five centuries or so .

Harder 's Literary Names Mainstreamed As Given Names is very insightful : How many parents realize that the currently popular Jennifer is derived from Guinevere ( King Arthur 's adulterous queen ) or that the name Pamela became popular through Samuel Richardson 's Pamela ; or Virtue Rewarded ( 1740 ) ?
harder 's literary names mainstreamed as given names is very insightful : how many parents realize that the [now] popular jennifer is derived from guinevere ( king arthur 's adulterous queen ) or that the name pamela became popular through samuel richardson 's pamela ; or virtue rewarded ( 1740 ) ?

Newcomers to the American Southwest where there is a large population of Latin Americans often ask , “ What do you call these people ? ” Hispanic , though currently the best answer , is n't entirely satisfactory because the term lumps together people who are about as alike as , say , Tahitians and Haitians .
newcomers to the american southwest where there is a large population of latin americans often ask , “ what do you call these people ? ” hispanic , though [now] the best answer , is n't entirely satisfactory because the term lumps together people who are about as alike as , say , tahitians and haitians .

This week a reader wrote , noting that out of a dozen plays he had seen which are currently running in London , he had been startled by language that he rated “ obscene ” in no fewer than ten .
this week a reader wrote , noting that out of a dozen plays he had seen which are [now] running in london , he had been startled by language that he rated “ obscene ” in no fewer than ten .

Alzheimer 's and multi-infarct dementia , the result of multiple small strokes , are currently considered the most frequent causes of dementia .
alzheimer 's and multi-infarct dementia , the result of multiple small strokes , are [now] considered the most frequent causes of dementia .

A Quasi Modo is a dress with the big shoulder pads that are currently ultra chic , but have an unfortunate tendency to slip , giving one a hunchbacked appearance .
a quasi modo is a dress with the big shoulder pads that are [now] ultra chic , but have an unfortunate tendency to slip , giving one a hunchbacked appearance .

She is listening to a Chopin nocturne , while lying on a beige chaise lounge , sipping cointreau , eating canapés and reading a roman à thèse , currently in vogue .
she is listening to a chopin nocturne , while lying on a beige chaise lounge , sipping cointreau , eating canapés and reading a roman à thèse , [now] in vogue .

As for challenges , I am currently looking for a word that can be cut into two successively smaller forms .
as for challenges , i am [now] looking for a word that can be cut into two successively smaller forms .

Wen ( 1000 ) , boil ( 1000 ) , and kernels ( 1000 ) as currently in “ kernels in my grine , ” are the oldest , but pimple ( 1400 ) , rising ( 1563 ) , bealing ( 1605 ) , and gland ( 1692 ) are also still used to designate small nonvenereal masses .
wen ( 1000 ) , boil ( 1000 ) , and kernels ( 1000 ) as [now] in “ kernels in my grine , ” are the oldest , but pimple ( 1400 ) , rising ( 1563 ) , bealing ( 1605 ) , and gland ( 1692 ) are also still used to designate small nonvenereal masses .

Terms that have validity only in a historical context abound : carrying gang , Dumb cell , Model Prison , probation gang , and separate prison , or the place name Isle of the Dead , all of which appear currently in literature prepared for the tourist trade .
terms that have validity only in a historical context abound : carrying gang , dumb cell , model prison , probation gang , and separate prison , or the place name isle of the dead , all of which appear [now] in literature prepared for the tourist trade .

As VERBATIM is currently published from Laurel Heights , the snake has swallowed its tail .
as verbatim is [now] published from laurel heights , the snake has swallowed its tail .

