Even more daunting is a flight of 5 steps to her front gate .
even more [scary] is a flight of 5 steps to her front gate .

We know that he himself referred to the daunting shadow of Beethoven 's greatness — and we can assume that public expectation was just as daunting , given that he was regarded as Beethoven 's heir .
we know that he himself referred to the [scary] shadow of beethoven 's greatness — and we can assume that public expectation was just as [scary] , given that he was regarded as beethoven 's heir .

Coping with life 6,000 miles from home and family in Vancouver would be daunting enough for any girl of Nadia 's age .
coping with life 6,000 miles from home and family in vancouver would be [scary] enough for any girl of nadia 's age .

The experience was certainly daunting for the Scots , yet one from which coaches Douglas Morgan and John Jeffrey hope they will learn .
the experience was certainly [scary] for the scots , yet one from which coaches douglas morgan and john jeffrey hope they will learn .

In bars , restaurants or at home , the vast majority of the inhabitants will be glued to television sets as their team take on mighty Real Madrid and 80,000 whistling fans in the daunting Bernabeu Stadium . Will history be made , or will the magic fade ?
in bars , restaurants or at home , the vast majority of the inhabitants will be glued to television sets as their team take on mighty real madrid and 80,000 whistling fans in the [scary] bernabeu stadium . will history be made , or will the magic fade ?

It is as awesome a task as the work in Easterhouse by the Salvation Army captain Eric Buchanan is daunting .
it is as awesome a task as the work in easterhouse by the salvation army captain eric buchanan is [scary] .

Baker admits the firm found the brief pretty daunting but says the process of refining the final choice was helped by close collaboration between the designers and the senior Festival management team .
baker admits the firm found the brief pretty [scary] but says the process of refining the final choice was helped by close collaboration between the designers and the senior festival management team .

We need another Harry Cross and Ralph to present a silver lining to the ever present cloud of worthwhile issues which can be quite a daunting thing to watch especially the 90-minute Saturday omnibus edition .
we need another harry cross and ralph to present a silver lining to the ever present cloud of worthwhile issues which can be quite a [scary] thing to watch especially the 90-minute saturday omnibus edition .

Bell 's magnificent knock took Oswestry to a daunting 233–4 in which Andrew Clarke weighed in with 58 and Mike Robinson 35 .
bell 's magnificent knock took oswestry to a [scary] 233–4 in which andrew clarke weighed in with 58 and mike robinson 35 .

Either he was smiling , or the gaunt hollows of his face gave him the daunting appearance of a smile .
either he was smiling , or the gaunt hollows of his face gave him the [scary] appearance of a smile .

Also , the task can be quite daunting ; assumptions and approximations may be required that the originator of the project can not accept , leading to revision of the goals or abandonment of the study .
also , the task can be quite [scary] ; assumptions and approximations may be required that the originator of the project can not accept , leading to revision of the goals or abandonment of the study .

This helped give workers the confidence to stand up to their employers — to quit or strike or be sacked seemed less daunting .
this helped give workers the confidence to stand up to their employers — to quit or strike or be sacked seemed less [scary] .

It was daunting .
it was [scary] .

Paul Hailwood ( 72 ) and Tony Foster ( 61 ) led Eccleston to a daunting 236–6 in 40 overs and despite 70 from Steve Tickle , Orrell were dismissed for 171 .
paul hailwood ( 72 ) and tony foster ( 61 ) led eccleston to a [scary] 236–6 in 40 overs and despite 70 from steve tickle , orrell were dismissed for 171 .

‘ Durham would have made a beautiful model , but the city below the viaduct was a daunting prospect , ’ said Richard .
‘ durham would have made a beautiful model , but the city below the viaduct was a [scary] prospect , ’ said richard .

It proved a false hope for Merioneth as Brymbo 's Nigel Roberts ( 78 ) , Stuart Williams ( 35 ) and Mark Jones ( 20 not out ) teamed up with Chris Lloyd of Wrexham ( 63 ) to post a daunting total to Merioneth .
it proved a false hope for merioneth as brymbo 's nigel roberts ( 78 ) , stuart williams ( 35 ) and mark jones ( 20 not out ) teamed up with chris lloyd of wrexham ( 63 ) to post a [scary] total to merioneth .

The idea 's to make hospital less daunting and the treatment more successful .
the idea 's to make hospital less [scary] and the treatment more successful .

For some children it 's a treat to make a visit to hospital less daunting .
for some children it 's a treat to make a visit to hospital less [scary] .

Young married couples setting up home have the daunting task of choosing all the major electrical equipment at once .
young married couples setting up home have the [scary] task of choosing all the major electrical equipment at once .

And having done that daunting task , he then attempted the even more daunting task of putting all this information together into this enormous book , and it is , as you see before you , a very hefty tome .
and having done that [scary] task , he then attempted the even more [scary] task of putting all this information together into this enormous book , and it is , as you see before you , a very hefty tome .

It 's always slightly daunting at this particular time because you 're introduced as some sort of guru and people expect great things .
it 's always slightly [scary] at this particular time because you 're introduced as some sort of guru and people expect great things .

There 's just time for a quick flip through the Highway Code and then your , but the test is even more daunting when you 're taking it on a 15 ton steam roller .
there 's just time for a quick flip through the highway code and then your , but the test is even more [scary] when you 're taking it on a 15 ton steam roller .

But after the convention , he launched his campaign with a spirited bus trip from New York to the Midwest and quickly ran up a daunting lead in the polls and held it until the campaign 's end .
but after the convention , he launched his campaign with a spirited bus trip from new york to the midwest and quickly ran up a [scary] lead in the polls and held it until the campaign 's end .

Trying to recreate something as well-known as Layla must be like trying to forge a Picasso . Was it a fairly daunting task ?
trying to recreate something as well-known as layla must be like trying to forge a picasso . was it a fairly [scary] task ?

Perhaps they know how a guitarist 's mind works : the more daunting something is , the more they want it .
perhaps they know how a guitarist 's mind works : the more [scary] something is , the more they want it .

There are so many products on the market at this time of year that the choice can be a little daunting .
there are so many products on the market at this time of year that the choice can be a little [scary] .

One would think that it must be a daunting task finding worthy nominees every year .
one would think that it must be a [scary] task finding worthy nominees every year .

The potential nightmare of coupling three , four or more units to a foot-controller , then programming the pedals to recall the various patches from each unit in the correct order is , at the very least , daunting to most of us .
the potential nightmare of coupling three , four or more units to a foot-controller , then programming the pedals to recall the various patches from each unit in the correct order is , at the very least , [scary] to most of us .

Breaking away from a career as sideman can be a daunting task .
breaking away from a career as sideman can be a [scary] task .

The champions have to overturn a daunting 3-0 deficit at Elland Road tomorrow night if they are to get past Stuttgart and make it into the European Cup second round .
the champions have to overturn a [scary] 3-0 deficit at elland road tomorrow night if they are to get past stuttgart and make it into the european cup second round .

Strachan feels Leeds are running into form at just the right time for the most daunting task of manager Howard Wilkinson 's four-year reign .
strachan feels leeds are running into form at just the right time for the most [scary] task of manager howard wilkinson 's four-year reign .

She says : ‘ Finding capital and backing can be daunting .
she says : ‘ finding capital and backing can be [scary] .

Those of you who trained under a very autocratic system , dominated by a strictly imposed hierarchy where nurses came somewhere close to the bottom of the pyramid , are likely to find the concept of accountability quite daunting .
those of you who trained under a very autocratic system , dominated by a strictly imposed hierarchy where nurses came somewhere close to the bottom of the pyramid , are likely to find the concept of accountability quite [scary] .

Imperceptibly leading away to the right from the right hand cairn is the High Level Route , but if it all looks too daunting simply ascend Pillar by keeping to the ridge ( 1 mile ) .
imperceptibly leading away to the right from the right hand cairn is the high level route , but if it all looks too [scary] simply ascend pillar by keeping to the ridge ( 1 mile ) .

And if he handles that daunting task , Bassett is ready to offer him a Premier League future .
and if he handles that [scary] task , bassett is ready to offer him a premier league future .

It is still a daunting task .
it is still a [scary] task .

The terror of leaving the tot you have cared for round the clock in the hands of a virtual stranger can be more daunting than the birth itself .
the terror of leaving the tot you have cared for round the clock in the hands of a virtual stranger can be more [scary] than the birth itself .

Finding schools abroad may be a daunting prospect for employees .
finding schools abroad may be a [scary] prospect for employees .

Facing the prospect of having your pet put down can be daunting , especially as people often do n't know what to expect .
facing the prospect of having your pet put down can be [scary] , especially as people often do n't know what to expect .

If this is your first experience in the role of main helper to someone close to you who has suffered a major loss , and if you have not yet suffered one yourself , you may find the strange variety and intensity of her emotions and her need for long-term support rather daunting .
if this is your first experience in the role of main helper to someone close to you who has suffered a major loss , and if you have not yet suffered one yourself , you may find the strange variety and intensity of her emotions and her need for long-term support rather [scary] .

These three young men have demonstrated a personal commitment and sacrifice which inspired them to attempt this daunting journey with enthusiasm .
these three young men have demonstrated a personal commitment and sacrifice which inspired them to attempt this [scary] journey with enthusiasm .

Carrick deserves that much , for there is not more daunting tradition to follow than that of the Yorkshire left-arm spinner .
carrick deserves that much , for there is not more [scary] tradition to follow than that of the yorkshire left-arm spinner .

Your first solo exhibition may seem a daunting prospect but it is an event to which every serious artist aspires . Oliver Lange looks at four different types of exhibitions and points out their advantages and disadvantages
your first solo exhibition may seem a [scary] prospect but it is an event to which every serious artist aspires . oliver lange looks at four different types of exhibitions and points out their advantages and disadvantages

The first solo show may well be a very daunting experience , for although artists are used to showing work , it is normally in the context of a mixed exhibition or gallery display rather than presenting a large amount of work to an invited audience , including critics !
the first solo show may well be a very [scary] experience , for although artists are used to showing work , it is normally in the context of a mixed exhibition or gallery display rather than presenting a large amount of work to an invited audience , including critics !

It was knowing that surgery could work miracles that helped him overcome fears about the daunting operation .
it was knowing that surgery could work miracles that helped him overcome fears about the [scary] operation .

Despite the quantities , at least of surviving examples , being small , the actual list of items required is quite daunting , including wood , charcoal , iron , silver , mercury , clay , lead , antimony , tallow , tin , gold , garnets and other stones , and abrasive .
despite the quantities , at least of surviving examples , being small , the actual list of items required is quite [scary] , including wood , charcoal , iron , silver , mercury , clay , lead , antimony , tallow , tin , gold , garnets and other stones , and abrasive .

The work of tracing this process is arduous , daunting , reductive .
the work of tracing this process is arduous , [scary] , reductive .

To discuss Besant fully , the biographer needs to understand a daunting range of intricate topics such as the radical-secular-socialist jockeyings of the 1880s , or the brands of Indian nationalism in 1900-20 .
to discuss besant fully , the biographer needs to understand a [scary] range of intricate topics such as the radical-secular-socialist jockeyings of the 1880s , or the brands of indian nationalism in 1900-20 .

At the outset Helen Martini said the prospects of what they had taken on were daunting , but she had no doubts about what they could accomplish .
at the outset helen martini said the prospects of what they had taken on were [scary] , but she had no doubts about what they could accomplish .

Neil was devoted to Claudia , but he found Philip frankly daunting .
neil was devoted to claudia , but he found philip frankly [scary] .

They heard the river before they saw it , if seeing is the word ; and although this was daunting to most , sounding as though it was running high with the rain , the scouts assured that the noise was actually caused by the shallows of the ford area , where the water was more disturbed .
they heard the river before they saw it , if seeing is the word ; and although this was [scary] to most , sounding as though it was running high with the rain , the scouts assured that the noise was actually caused by the shallows of the ford area , where the water was more disturbed .

The sea was not rough , but there was quite a heavy swell , and the noise of this breaking on the reefs and skerries to their left was daunting to the uninitiated .
the sea was not rough , but there was quite a heavy swell , and the noise of this breaking on the reefs and skerries to their left was [scary] to the uninitiated .

Firstly , there was the bare fact that two London East Enders , both of whom had left school at fifteen and were quite untutored in writing , had felt so passionately about their situation that , in different prisons and unknown to each other , they had each set themselves the daunting task of writing the equivalent of full-length books .
firstly , there was the bare fact that two london east enders , both of whom had left school at fifteen and were quite untutored in writing , had felt so passionately about their situation that , in different prisons and unknown to each other , they had each set themselves the [scary] task of writing the equivalent of full-length books .

This can be a somewhat daunting document , but it would be unrealistic for us to simplify it too much .
this can be a somewhat [scary] document , but it would be unrealistic for us to simplify it too much .

Sometimes , when he did , he wondered whether , however daunting the operation seemed , he would sell up and move back to London .
sometimes , when he did , he wondered whether , however [scary] the operation seemed , he would sell up and move back to london .

If you have never had to think of it before , the prospect of what to do with several thousand pounds can seem a very daunting challenge .
if you have never had to think of it before , the prospect of what to do with several thousand pounds can seem a very [scary] challenge .

Even the natural menace of Genestealers was daunting enough to require utmost circumspection .
even the natural menace of genestealers was [scary] enough to require utmost circumspection .

Most young children luckily will respond to the authority of a stranger and so the task is not as daunting as it sounds .
most young children luckily will respond to the authority of a stranger and so the task is not as [scary] as it sounds .

Gothic horror does the opposite : it frightens us out of our skin , discomforts us and turns what we think we know into something unreal and daunting .
gothic horror does the opposite : it frightens us out of our skin , discomforts us and turns what we think we know into something unreal and [scary] .

If you think of a Form program in this way , it becomes far less daunting .
if you think of a form program in this way , it becomes far less [scary] .

Social workers who find practice with old people somewhat daunting , as discussed earlier may find this way of working is helpful .
social workers who find practice with old people somewhat [scary] , as discussed earlier may find this way of working is helpful .

Grimsby found the skills of West Ham a daunting proposition in the early stages .
grimsby found the skills of west ham a [scary] proposition in the early stages .

His task is both daunting and serious , but Allison — famed for that Fedora and fat cigars — would go to the gallows cracking jokes and his humour is sorely needed to lift some long faces in the dressing room .
his task is both [scary] and serious , but allison — famed for that fedora and fat cigars — would go to the gallows cracking jokes and his humour is sorely needed to lift some long faces in the dressing room .

And tonight she was at Earls Court watching her son face his greatest and most daunting challenge — the ‘ fight for the right ’ .
and tonight she was at earls court watching her son face his greatest and most [scary] challenge — the ‘ fight for the right ’ .

But for newcomers it is daunting to stand on the brink of Genghis Khan — one of the runs in China Bowl — and gaze down at unending acres of snow .
but for newcomers it is [scary] to stand on the brink of genghis khan — one of the runs in china bowl — and gaze down at unending acres of snow .

Caring for dependent older people can , in any case , be a daunting task , particularly when problems of mental confusion and incontinence arise .
caring for dependent older people can , in any case , be a [scary] task , particularly when problems of mental confusion and incontinence arise .

Working with families can often appear to be a daunting task because the counsellor has to hold together so many different individuals at the same time .
working with families can often appear to be a [scary] task because the counsellor has to hold together so many different individuals at the same time .

However , questioning the medical professional is a difficult and often a daunting task , given their present high social status .
however , questioning the medical professional is a difficult and often a [scary] task , given their present high social status .

Get yourself as relaxed as possible before going into daunting situations .
get yourself as relaxed as possible before going into [scary] situations .

This is the most enjoyable part of pressed flower craft , but it can also be the most daunting .
this is the most enjoyable part of pressed flower craft , but it can also be the most [scary] .

Britt 's distress is being made worse by a daunting work schedule and the strain was painfully evident as she jetted from Stockholm to Malmo .
britt 's distress is being made worse by a [scary] work schedule and the strain was painfully evident as she jetted from stockholm to malmo .

But while the children are looking forward to finding out what Santa has brought them , you are dreading the daunting task of preparing and cooking a huge Christmas dinner .
but while the children are looking forward to finding out what santa has brought them , you are dreading the [scary] task of preparing and cooking a huge christmas dinner .

The first weeks in a job can be daunting — and irritating for women who are used to running their own lives .
the first weeks in a job can be [scary] — and irritating for women who are used to running their own lives .

The prospect of real freedom after so many years of oppression is exciting as well as daunting .
the prospect of real freedom after so many years of oppression is exciting as well as [scary] .

For many personal investors the direct purchase of European government bonds will be too daunting a task because of the complexities of the individual markets , the costs of dealing and settlement and the high minimum sums necessary to make such investment worthwhile .
for many personal investors the direct purchase of european government bonds will be too [scary] a task because of the complexities of the individual markets , the costs of dealing and settlement and the high minimum sums necessary to make such investment worthwhile .

Charles , then , was the second brother to be left a widower , after Thomas ; the domestic burden thus falling upon him and his remaining daughters must have been rather a daunting one , including the need to feed , control and educate young Ben , then only nine years old .
charles , then , was the second brother to be left a widower , after thomas ; the domestic burden thus falling upon him and his remaining daughters must have been rather a [scary] one , including the need to feed , control and educate young ben , then only nine years old .

She admitted that , ‘ even though you knew that what you said did n't matter ’ , it was a daunting experience ; in fact ‘ afterwards , counsel apologised for giving me such a hard time ’ .
she admitted that , ‘ even though you knew that what you said did n't matter ’ , it was a [scary] experience ; in fact ‘ afterwards , counsel apologised for giving me such a hard time ’ .

We were faced with a daunting barrier of head-high tussac grass with which the island is completely covered .
we were faced with a [scary] barrier of head-high tussac grass with which the island is completely covered .

Conceived by James Freed , a Jew born in Germany who escaped with his parents to the United States in 1939 , it is an eerie , grim and splendidly daunting structure .
conceived by james freed , a jew born in germany who escaped with his parents to the united states in 1939 , it is an eerie , grim and splendidly [scary] structure .

Denied a dividend , shareholders had to cough up to meet a daunting 903 billion lire rights issue .
denied a dividend , shareholders had to cough up to meet a [scary] 903 billion lire rights issue .

The hugely daunting size of the problem — nearly 1,200 gaols under the control of thirty-one different states — ensures that even unequivocal instructions from the Supreme Court are anything but universally implemented .
the hugely [scary] size of the problem — nearly 1,200 gaols under the control of thirty-one different states — ensures that even unequivocal instructions from the supreme court are anything but universally implemented .

The second obstacle faced by American banks is even more daunting .
the second obstacle faced by american banks is even more [scary] .

The power exercised by Citrine and his colleagues was daunting .
the power exercised by citrine and his colleagues was [scary] .

The frustration was perhaps greatest among the senior men who had come from the company sector , but municipal engineers also could find the professional , full-time and expert Central Authority control daunting in comparison with the earlier part-time , politically-appointed municipal electricity committees which had been easier to manipulate .
the frustration was perhaps greatest among the senior men who had come from the company sector , but municipal engineers also could find the professional , full-time and expert central authority control [scary] in comparison with the earlier part-time , politically-appointed municipal electricity committees which had been easier to manipulate .

Prosecution lawyers face a daunting obstacle-race across uncharted territory .
prosecution lawyers face a [scary] obstacle-race across uncharted territory .

The sheer amount of information seemed daunting .
the sheer amount of information seemed [scary] .

The two divers , Chief Petty Officer Carrington and Petty Officer Grant , were curiously alike , both aged about thirty , of medium height and compact build : both were much given to smiling , a cheerfulness that in no way detracted from their almost daunting aura of competence .
the two divers , chief petty officer carrington and petty officer grant , were curiously alike , both aged about thirty , of medium height and compact build : both were much given to smiling , a cheerfulness that in no way detracted from their almost [scary] aura of competence .

Even if teachers were given the time and opportunity to develop their professional lives in the ways they felt most suitable , the questions and dilemmas that face them are so many and so deep that it is indeed a daunting task .
even if teachers were given the time and opportunity to develop their professional lives in the ways they felt most suitable , the questions and dilemmas that face them are so many and so deep that it is indeed a [scary] task .

The ‘ Bahamas ’ crew have worked out that for every hour on the main line , 30 hours of maintenance are required , quite a daunting thought .
the ‘ bahamas ’ crew have worked out that for every hour on the main line , 30 hours of maintenance are required , quite a [scary] thought .

these can be rather daunting when you 've just set up your ribber .
these can be rather [scary] when you 've just set up your ribber .

Well , he did n't get his wish and the prospect of playing against the Scarlets in the semis on the back-to back Bank Holiday occasion will be a daunting one .
well , he did n't get his wish and the prospect of playing against the scarlets in the semis on the back-to back bank holiday occasion will be a [scary] one .

Hot-footing across town to the Knitting Factory , we see the Lower East Side 's cosiest rabbit hutch temporarily transformed into the Hampstead White Horse of beloved memory , courtesy of Moonshake , Th' Faith Healers and Stereolab in a Too Pure block vote of daunting capability and , in the cast of Th' Healers , unprecedented execution .
hot-footing across town to the knitting factory , we see the lower east side 's cosiest rabbit hutch temporarily transformed into the hampstead white horse of beloved memory , courtesy of moonshake , th' faith healers and stereolab in a too pure block vote of [scary] capability and , in the cast of th' healers , unprecedented execution .

That in itself may sound daunting , but on its centennial in 1993 the museum would prefer to see its situation as an asset .
that in itself may sound [scary] , but on its centennial in 1993 the museum would prefer to see its situation as an asset .

Although maybe not too daunting in light observation aircraft such as Piper L–4s , as these could already operate with ease from small fields and open spaces , there would be no advantage in using a large and unwieldy centrifugal launcher .
although maybe not too [scary] in light observation aircraft such as piper l–4s , as these could already operate with ease from small fields and open spaces , there would be no advantage in using a large and unwieldy centrifugal launcher .

The list of missing potentially serviceable parts was daunting .
the list of missing potentially serviceable parts was [scary] .

In the first part of the book the daunting business of perspective and proportion is thoroughly explained , whilst additionally there is good advice on drawing architectural details , curves and ellipses , and making use of shadows and reflections .
in the first part of the book the [scary] business of perspective and proportion is thoroughly explained , whilst additionally there is good advice on drawing architectural details , curves and ellipses , and making use of shadows and reflections .

Produced for 20th Century Fox by Elmo Williams , the film crews had the daunting job of recreating two air forces and two navies in numbers sufficient to depict the massed Japanese attackers and , for lack of a better phrase , the massed American targets .
produced for 20th century fox by elmo williams , the film crews had the [scary] job of recreating two air forces and two navies in numbers sufficient to depict the massed japanese attackers and , for lack of a better phrase , the massed american targets .

This is daunting but it is also challenging and stimulating .
this is [scary] but it is also challenging and stimulating .

There were only three other black kids at Repton at the time and Hope had to withstand some daunting reactions to his presence at the club in the East End of London .
there were only three other black kids at repton at the time and hope had to withstand some [scary] reactions to his presence at the club in the east end of london .

Russia 's problem was strategically different but no less daunting , for though she had only one front she faced two enemies : Germany and Austria-Hungary .
russia 's problem was strategically different but no less [scary] , for though she had only one front she faced two enemies : germany and austria-hungary .

Raynal 's task was daunting .
raynal 's task was [scary] .

The way in which bank managers exercise their individual discretion over loan applications ( often in a personal interview ) seems to be a daunting prospect to many people often , perhaps , correctly .
the way in which bank managers exercise their individual discretion over loan applications ( often in a personal interview ) seems to be a [scary] prospect to many people often , perhaps , correctly .

With ‘ old-fashioned ’ fixed-sum instalment credit , a consumer considering a purchase has to choose between doing without , finding the cash , and going through what could be the rather daunting business of arranging credit for that particular item .
with ‘ old-fashioned ’ fixed-sum instalment credit , a consumer considering a purchase has to choose between doing without , finding the cash , and going through what could be the rather [scary] business of arranging credit for that particular item .

For many groups this is an idea so novel and daunting that it is unlikely to happen spontaneously .
for many groups this is an idea so novel and [scary] that it is unlikely to happen spontaneously .

All this makes Pat 's task seem very daunting but she is challenged by the strength and reality of the faith of the people she plans to meet soon .
all this makes pat 's task seem very [scary] but she is challenged by the strength and reality of the faith of the people she plans to meet soon .

It is a daunting task to compile an adequate list , but it has been successfully attempted in such publications as Crane and Kaye 's Census of British Newspapers and Periodicals , 1620–1800 ( 1927 ) , and the Library Association 's Subject-Index to Periodicals .
it is a [scary] task to compile an adequate list , but it has been successfully attempted in such publications as crane and kaye 's census of british newspapers and periodicals , 1620–1800 ( 1927 ) , and the library association 's subject-index to periodicals .

The order of magnitude of these transfers suggests that problems of resettling the elderly long-stay population in the community were considered too daunting .
the order of magnitude of these transfers suggests that problems of resettling the elderly long-stay population in the community were considered too [scary] .

All our children need adequate resources in order to learn , and while working with such inadequate materials is difficult for the fully sighted , for the visually handicapped it is daunting .
all our children need adequate resources in order to learn , and while working with such inadequate materials is difficult for the fully sighted , for the visually handicapped it is [scary] .

This skirts the base of the pinnacled north ridge and reaches a ridge beyond , where the final stage of the ascent , of daunting aspect , requires a very steep scramble up a narrowing spire to its airy top .
this skirts the base of the pinnacled north ridge and reaches a ridge beyond , where the final stage of the ascent , of [scary] aspect , requires a very steep scramble up a narrowing spire to its airy top .

They are usually also very willing to create special opportunities for individuals to become accustomed to new experiences such as going swimming , to help them become familiar with an unknown and perhaps daunting routine before ‘ plunging in ’ with the general public .
they are usually also very willing to create special opportunities for individuals to become accustomed to new experiences such as going swimming , to help them become familiar with an unknown and perhaps [scary] routine before ‘ plunging in ’ with the general public .

The system is , however , extremely difficult to negotiate and even the most competent citizen would find the task of tracking down his or her welfare benefit entitlements a daunting one .
the system is , however , extremely difficult to negotiate and even the most competent citizen would find the task of tracking down his or her welfare benefit entitlements a [scary] one .

It must also be recognized that hospital admission can prove a particularly daunting experience for someone whose basic life-style is totally different from the British one .
it must also be recognized that hospital admission can prove a particularly [scary] experience for someone whose basic life-style is totally different from the british one .

The team that ended the 1960s was dumped , and Ripley-Rust and Pybus set about the daunting task of building a squad capable of winning promotion when the club 's League career got underway again .
the team that ended the 1960s was dumped , and ripley-rust and pybus set about the [scary] task of building a squad capable of winning promotion when the club 's league career got underway again .

Like his father there was something daunting , almost terrible about him an austerity suggestive of ferocity .
like his father there was something [scary] , almost terrible about him an austerity suggestive of ferocity .

Clearly , the government policies required to make the use of education and health services equitable are a daunting package .
clearly , the government policies required to make the use of education and health services equitable are a [scary] package .

Thus they are less daunting than a large pipe organ to the ‘ reluctant organist ’ .
thus they are less [scary] than a large pipe organ to the ‘ reluctant organist ’ .

There are daunting epistemological problems involved in the ideas of object , stance and mode .
there are [scary] epistemological problems involved in the ideas of object , stance and mode .

We must now confront the rather more daunting problems of differentiating lexical units paradigmatically .
we must now confront the rather more [scary] problems of differentiating lexical units paradigmatically .

But it is not merely that shabbiness makes the great house seem less daunting : in its decay , it becomes acceptable as part of English history .
but it is not merely that shabbiness makes the great house seem less [scary] : in its decay , it becomes acceptable as part of english history .

The early spice traders also encountered the daunting `` home `` team of defending mariners , the Bugis tribe , who so terrified them with their skill and ferocity that the word `` Boogie man `` entered our language , and still haunts our dreams .
the early spice traders also encountered the [scary] `` home `` team of defending mariners , the bugis tribe , who so terrified them with their skill and ferocity that the word `` boogie man `` entered our language , and still haunts our dreams .

To you the task is daunting ; the act of studying is hardly one of compulsive fascination .
to you the task is [scary] ; the act of studying is hardly one of compulsive fascination .

The mountain of studies that must be mastered before that distant date assumes daunting proportions and you see nothing but a losing battle against time .
the mountain of studies that must be mastered before that distant date assumes [scary] proportions and you see nothing but a losing battle against time .

Ideally , you should have a duplicate set in some different place from the first — we could tell you daunting stories of lost notes .
ideally , you should have a duplicate set in some different place from the first — we could tell you [scary] stories of lost notes .

The paved surfaces of patios and terraces can in fact be rather daunting in their bareness , and a little relief is easily supplied in the shape of plant containers .
the paved surfaces of patios and terraces can in fact be rather [scary] in their bareness , and a little relief is easily supplied in the shape of plant containers .

For girls themselves , it may also be a daunting prospect , especially if they 're feeling rather vulnerable and embarrassed about their condition .
for girls themselves , it may also be a [scary] prospect , especially if they 're feeling rather vulnerable and embarrassed about their condition .

Alix found this daunting , although Caroline took great pains not to daunt , and was on other , non-culinary matters , a perfectly acceptable non-competitive person .
alix found this [scary] , although caroline took great pains not to daunt , and was on other , non-culinary matters , a perfectly acceptable non-competitive person .

This task is daunting but not unattainable .
this task is [scary] but not unattainable .

It is a daunting sight : a seventeen-foot drop through a complex arrangement of boulders , holes , standing waves , scissor waves , and lateral waves rebounding off a sheer wall on the right .
it is a [scary] sight : a seventeen-foot drop through a complex arrangement of boulders , holes , standing waves , scissor waves , and lateral waves rebounding off a sheer wall on the right .

They helped to overcome the notion that many children had that bookshops were daunting places .
they helped to overcome the notion that many children had that bookshops were [scary] places .

Like so many of us , he thought computers would make his job much easier , and so like many of us — he found that it just was n't that simple … This month Ken takes the plunge and sets about the daunting task of buying a new machine .
like so many of us , he thought computers would make his job much easier , and so like many of us — he found that it just was n't that simple … this month ken takes the plunge and sets about the [scary] task of buying a new machine .

At first sight the schedules are daunting — a 30-page booklet for each age group asks specific questions about a child 's health , educational progress , family and social relationships , identity , social presentation and emotional development .
at first sight the schedules are [scary] — a 30-page booklet for each age group asks specific questions about a child 's health , educational progress , family and social relationships , identity , social presentation and emotional development .

The acquisition of language — an incredibly daunting task to one who has never heard it and never will — is therefore of crucial importance to a prelingually deaf child without an education which teaches him language his potential capacity and intelligence are forever wasted and he is destined to lead a primitive life appearing mentally defective to a hearing world .
the acquisition of language — an incredibly [scary] task to one who has never heard it and never will — is therefore of crucial importance to a prelingually deaf child without an education which teaches him language his potential capacity and intelligence are forever wasted and he is destined to lead a primitive life appearing mentally defective to a hearing world .

The Anglo-Americans succeeded in restoring democracy in Belgium , Holland , Norway , Denmark and elsewhere but the strategically vital states of France and Italy both had large Communist parties who shared power in coalition governments , and all countries faced the daunting task of economic reconstruction after the war .
the anglo-americans succeeded in restoring democracy in belgium , holland , norway , denmark and elsewhere but the strategically vital states of france and italy both had large communist parties who shared power in coalition governments , and all countries faced the [scary] task of economic reconstruction after the war .

East of the Oder-Neisse river , the Allies had agreed to place lands ‘ under Polish administration ’ and most Germans living there fled their homes , creating a daunting refugee problem in western Germany .
east of the oder-neisse river , the allies had agreed to place lands ‘ under polish administration ’ and most germans living there fled their homes , creating a [scary] refugee problem in western germany .

For the unrepresented claimant , these papers are undoubtedly daunting .
for the unrepresented claimant , these papers are undoubtedly [scary] .

Whatever disadvantage teenagers and adults may have with new languages , they have abilities which infants , for all their daunting ease of acquisition , lack .
whatever disadvantage teenagers and adults may have with new languages , they have abilities which infants , for all their [scary] ease of acquisition , lack .

Mistaken for the famous lyre player , Maximus Pettulian , the Doctor is invited to be a guest at Nero 's court ; an invitation he gleefully accepts until the daunting worry hits him that he might actually be expected to play ( the Doctor can not play a note ) .
mistaken for the famous lyre player , maximus pettulian , the doctor is invited to be a guest at nero 's court ; an invitation he gleefully accepts until the [scary] worry hits him that he might actually be expected to play ( the doctor can not play a note ) .

Coming onto a new series for the first time could be a daunting prospect even to the acting profession 's hardy perennials .
coming onto a new series for the first time could be a [scary] prospect even to the acting profession 's hardy perennials .

It made the meeting with the woman , whom she had often heard referred to but whom she remembered meeting only once briefly in New York less daunting .
it made the meeting with the woman , whom she had often heard referred to but whom she remembered meeting only once briefly in new york less [scary] .

What Katherine found daunting was the ambience within : the large unsmiling woman who sat at a table in the entrance hall and stiffly handed her two sheets of paper , one with a map of the school which showed her own room clearly marked , the other with a long list of instructions printed in four languages , French , German , Italian and English ; a smell which mingled disinfectant and scouring soap ; the difference in temperature between the stifling main body of the school and the chill of the outlying wing where she found her room .
what katherine found [scary] was the ambience within : the large unsmiling woman who sat at a table in the entrance hall and stiffly handed her two sheets of paper , one with a map of the school which showed her own room clearly marked , the other with a long list of instructions printed in four languages , french , german , italian and english ; a smell which mingled disinfectant and scouring soap ; the difference in temperature between the stifling main body of the school and the chill of the outlying wing where she found her room .

For a girl who before her recent adventure had never been away from home alone for more than a weekend , the prospect which this room and Madame Chardin 's rules evoked was a daunting one .
for a girl who before her recent adventure had never been away from home alone for more than a weekend , the prospect which this room and madame chardin 's rules evoked was a [scary] one .

With a record collection that numbers 22,500 albums alone ( although he admits he could quite easily do without nine tenths of them ) the sheer volume of items which arrive at Radio One addressed to John Peel every day is quite daunting .
with a record collection that numbers 22,500 albums alone ( although he admits he could quite easily do without nine tenths of them ) the sheer volume of items which arrive at radio one addressed to john peel every day is quite [scary] .

Marie Enge was a tall , good-looking woman in her late twenties with the kind of physical presence that most men found daunting .
marie enge was a tall , good-looking woman in her late twenties with the kind of physical presence that most men found [scary] .

The choice of a suitable fabric can be daunting because there is such a wide variety of fabrics on the market today .
the choice of a suitable fabric can be [scary] because there is such a wide variety of fabrics on the market today .

Pain is something we 're all afraid of , and the pain of labour can be particularly daunting .
pain is something we 're all afraid of , and the pain of labour can be particularly [scary] .

To marketing departments the technological challenge associated with such an approach may appear at first quite daunting .
to marketing departments the technological challenge associated with such an approach may appear at first quite [scary] .

Fitting a new sink may seem a somewhat daunting task but it need n't be , provided the new sink is going to be in the same position as the old one .
fitting a new sink may seem a somewhat [scary] task but it need n't be , provided the new sink is going to be in the same position as the old one .

Carrying on from this , there is a series of demonstrations , which have been planned out in easy stages and are therefore not too daunting .
carrying on from this , there is a series of demonstrations , which have been planned out in easy stages and are therefore not too [scary] .

If restretching is too daunting , you could either use a frame with sufficient rebate to hide the discrepancy or have a frame made which fits the canvas . Do n't worry about it — many of my paintings are the same !
if restretching is too [scary] , you could either use a frame with sufficient rebate to hide the discrepancy or have a frame made which fits the canvas . do n't worry about it — many of my paintings are the same !

Unless you 're confident about reefing in strong winds , keeping your cool in a choppy sea , and paddling a line ashore when it 's gusting , life can be a little daunting .
unless you 're confident about reefing in strong winds , keeping your cool in a choppy sea , and paddling a line ashore when it 's gusting , life can be a little [scary] .

On two or three afternoons of the first week winds may be a little daunting ; do n't be put off .
on two or three afternoons of the first week winds may be a little [scary] ; do n't be put off .

Organising a change in diet can seem daunting , especially for working mothers who have little time to spend on complicated recipes .
organising a change in diet can seem [scary] , especially for working mothers who have little time to spend on complicated recipes .

She read her way through what was in the house — not a daunting process , given her mother 's resistance to the printed word — and then resorted to libraries .
she read her way through what was in the house — not a [scary] process , given her mother 's resistance to the printed word — and then resorted to libraries .

So daunting is this prospect , that many taxpayers should look afresh at the best forms of taxation and the best destinations for the proceeds .
so [scary] is this prospect , that many taxpayers should look afresh at the best forms of taxation and the best destinations for the proceeds .

But the task of rebuilding was a daunting one .
but the task of rebuilding was a [scary] one .

Obviously the problem with providing very detailed information is that financial reports become huge documents , which taken as a whole can be daunting for the reader .
obviously the problem with providing very detailed information is that financial reports become huge documents , which taken as a whole can be [scary] for the reader .

The first taste of free fighting with an opponent , under a system that requires the individual to make his own decisions as to which techniques to use , can seem somewhat daunting .
the first taste of free fighting with an opponent , under a system that requires the individual to make his own decisions as to which techniques to use , can seem somewhat [scary] .

Nothing can be more daunting for a beginner than to step up and smash his fist or foot through a neatly arranged stack of wood or tiles , but that is only because his mind constructs a barrier .
nothing can be more [scary] for a beginner than to step up and smash his fist or foot through a neatly arranged stack of wood or tiles , but that is only because his mind constructs a barrier .

Writing for the solo voice is such a daunting prospect that many composers never try it , and thus never discover their real potentialities .
writing for the solo voice is such a [scary] prospect that many composers never try it , and thus never discover their real potentialities .

Harbury was young and ambitious and went at things with a daunting eagerness .
harbury was young and ambitious and went at things with a [scary] eagerness .

The book 's aim is to help guide local communities through the various and often daunting processes involved when tackling local environmental problems such as open space .
the book 's aim is to help guide local communities through the various and often [scary] processes involved when tackling local environmental problems such as open space .

Anne Greasley and Imogen Egford recall the daunting experience of Professor Fraenkel 's seminars on Greek Metre .
anne greasley and imogen egford recall the [scary] experience of professor fraenkel 's seminars on greek metre .

What seemed a daunting quantity of hard male muscle clenched into action as he sat up and swung his long legs to the ground .
what seemed a [scary] quantity of hard male muscle clenched into action as he sat up and swung his long legs to the ground .

With a low gasp she let her fingers slide up over the daunting hardness of his shoulders , touch the short , thick hair at his nape … he moved his hands down to her hips , in a quick convulsive movement , crushing her against him .
with a low gasp she let her fingers slide up over the [scary] hardness of his shoulders , touch the short , thick hair at his nape … he moved his hands down to her hips , in a quick convulsive movement , crushing her against him .

With daunting suppleness and muscle-power he somehow managed to make each successive reduction in the pole 's height look easy to clear , and because he was obviously a fellow tourist queues of hopefuls fell flat on their backs trying to emulate his skill .
with [scary] suppleness and muscle-power he somehow managed to make each successive reduction in the pole 's height look easy to clear , and because he was obviously a fellow tourist queues of hopefuls fell flat on their backs trying to emulate his skill .

Lucy 's pregnant weight was a daunting burden to assist across the drive to the Volvo .
lucy 's pregnant weight was a [scary] burden to assist across the drive to the volvo .

As she reached the foot of the narrow stair Penry emerged from the kitchen , his black eyebrows knitting together in a daunting frown at the sight of her .
as she reached the foot of the narrow stair penry emerged from the kitchen , his black eyebrows knitting together in a [scary] frown at the sight of her .

The dark , brooding look about him , so daunting at their first meeting , was missing these days , replaced by a zest and animation she knew must have been the norm for Penry Vaughan before his marriage — or before his divorce , she corrected herself .
the dark , brooding look about him , so [scary] at their first meeting , was missing these days , replaced by a zest and animation she knew must have been the norm for penry vaughan before his marriage — or before his divorce , she corrected herself .

Lastly , a further problem , and in practical terms possibly the most daunting , is the general lack of technical skills and awareness displayed by the traditional archivist .
lastly , a further problem , and in practical terms possibly the most [scary] , is the general lack of technical skills and awareness displayed by the traditional archivist .

There are no fewer than eighty castles to visit in Wales , and the northern part has a fair share of these daunting fortresses .
there are no fewer than eighty castles to visit in wales , and the northern part has a fair share of these [scary] fortresses .

Even those of which we have evidence are very daunting creatures — and the most surprising descendants to have sprung from the simple little shells that first appeared 600 million years ago .
even those of which we have evidence are very [scary] creatures — and the most surprising descendants to have sprung from the simple little shells that first appeared 600 million years ago .

Often , to have a solid example in front of you is less daunting than a drawing .
often , to have a solid example in front of you is less [scary] than a drawing .

These complications are a bit daunting at first , but a bit of careful thought , and progress step by step , will make all clear !
these complications are a bit [scary] at first , but a bit of careful thought , and progress step by step , will make all clear !

That may sound a little daunting , but it is quite a natural possibility , known to the mathematician as a Hilbert space .
that may sound a little [scary] , but it is quite a natural possibility , known to the mathematician as a hilbert space .

Architect Robert Luna 's remodelling of the second floor possesses a few postmodern touches here and there , such as angular cutouts in gallery walls , but it is otherwise a straightforward design in which many of the massive spaces remain daunting for viewer and smaller artworks alike .
architect robert luna 's remodelling of the second floor possesses a few postmodern touches here and there , such as angular cutouts in gallery walls , but it is otherwise a straightforward design in which many of the massive spaces remain [scary] for viewer and smaller artworks alike .

The very idea of coming up with something so novel that no one has thought of it is daunting .
the very idea of coming up with something so novel that no one has thought of it is [scary] .

The House of Representatives presented an infinitely more daunting challenge ; in that chamber there were only 190 Republicans , against 242 Democrats .
the house of representatives presented an infinitely more [scary] challenge ; in that chamber there were only 190 republicans , against 242 democrats .

If the prospect of getting into advertising seems daunting , do n't despair .
if the prospect of getting into advertising seems [scary] , do n't despair .

The refectory where meals were served was still a bit daunting .
the refectory where meals were served was still a bit [scary] .

Josie Lawrence 's girlish reading is rather daunting at first but in fact hits the right note for this unexpectedly cheering and totally unsentimental little fable .
josie lawrence 's girlish reading is rather [scary] at first but in fact hits the right note for this unexpectedly cheering and totally unsentimental little fable .

In 1949–50 China was a weak , vulnerable country devastated by war and civil war with a whole range of daunting political , economic and strategic challenges facing the new government .
in 1949–50 china was a weak , vulnerable country devastated by war and civil war with a whole range of [scary] political , economic and strategic challenges facing the new government .

In short , the administration of the Church of England is not just a spiritual matter ; it is also a managerial task of daunting proportions .
in short , the administration of the church of england is not just a spiritual matter ; it is also a managerial task of [scary] proportions .

Out of that curve , Doohan grabs another gear and the warbling exhaust note signals that the rear tyre is still scrabbling for grip as he shifts up again and aims at the daunting , sixth gear left on to the back straight .
out of that curve , doohan grabs another gear and the warbling exhaust note signals that the rear tyre is still scrabbling for grip as he shifts up again and aims at the [scary] , sixth gear left on to the back straight .

The list of the sort of aggravations that could arise may appear to be daunting .
the list of the sort of aggravations that could arise may appear to be [scary] .

This all sounds rather daunting but a number of teachers have received grants under the sponsored research programme , the most notable example being Andrew Mellor and his study of bullying in Scottish secondary schools .
this all sounds rather [scary] but a number of teachers have received grants under the sponsored research programme , the most notable example being andrew mellor and his study of bullying in scottish secondary schools .

We then went down again , this time backwards which was also excellent fun , if a little daunting with not quite being able to see what was going on .
we then went down again , this time backwards which was also excellent fun , if a little [scary] with not quite being able to see what was going on .

To either side of them the wonders spread , daunting in their opulent splendour .
to either side of them the wonders spread , [scary] in their opulent splendour .

Ahead was the daunting sight of the three grandstands enclosing the last green .
ahead was the [scary] sight of the three grandstands enclosing the last green .

The tee shot here was blind over one of the most daunting bunkers in golf .
the tee shot here was blind over one of the most [scary] bunkers in golf .

With few exceptions , they have turned to the TNCs for help in this daunting task .
with few exceptions , they have turned to the tncs for help in this [scary] task .

To anyone who has n't been to , taught at or scrounged off , a modern university , the prospect of tracking somebody down with basically only a name to go on must sound daunting .
to anyone who has n't been to , taught at or scrounged off , a modern university , the prospect of tracking somebody down with basically only a name to go on must sound [scary] .

With a record collection that numbers 22,500 albums alone ( although he admits he could quite easily do without nine tenths of them ) the sheer volume of items which arrive at Radio One addressed to John Peel every day is quite daunting .
with a record collection that numbers 22,500 albums alone ( although he admits he could quite easily do without nine tenths of them ) the sheer volume of items which arrive at radio one addressed to john peel every day is quite [scary] .

Having found the appropriate register , the researcher is soon faced with fresh difficulties , quite apart from the daunting task of reading sixteenth and seventeenth century scripts .
having found the appropriate register , the researcher is soon faced with fresh difficulties , quite apart from the [scary] task of reading sixteenth and seventeenth century scripts .

Comedian Mel Smith took on the daunting role of Inspector Morose — a parody of John Thaw 's more famous Inspector Morse — in an advertising campaign launched today .
comedian mel smith took on the [scary] role of inspector morose — a parody of john thaw 's more famous inspector morse — in an advertising campaign launched today .

The standard of play over the past few years has shown a considerable step-up and the cream of the local talent now face a daunting challenge in their bid to reclaim the title for ‘ home ’ keeping .
the standard of play over the past few years has shown a considerable step-up and the cream of the local talent now face a [scary] challenge in their bid to reclaim the title for ‘ home ’ keeping .

The challenge facing democratic theory today is daunting .
the challenge facing democratic theory today is [scary] .

Set a daunting 248 to win by the tourists , New Zealand were struggling at 94 for four and needing to score at over seven runs an over , but Crowe and a timely 44 not out off 28 balls by teenager Jeff Wilson saw the Kiwis home at 250 for seven .
set a [scary] 248 to win by the tourists , new zealand were struggling at 94 for four and needing to score at over seven runs an over , but crowe and a timely 44 not out off 28 balls by teenager jeff wilson saw the kiwis home at 250 for seven .

‘ Daunting ?
‘ [scary] ?

Daunting was a word he 'd used , and today his manner was just that .
[scary] was a word he 'd used , and today his manner was just that .

He could be so — daunting .
he could be so — [scary] .

John was silent , perhaps because of this rather daunting information , the proximity of Ianthe 's aunt 's sister making his room on Campden Hill seem rather less likely .
john was silent , perhaps because of this rather [scary] information , the proximity of ianthe 's aunt 's sister making his room on campden hill seem rather less likely .

Her flat earth common sense made her instantly acceptable to large numbers of clergy whom she in no way threatened by any daunting scholarship or ambiguity of perception .
her flat earth common sense made her instantly acceptable to large numbers of clergy whom she in no way threatened by any [scary] scholarship or ambiguity of perception .

The remnants of a rock garden , ‘ with stones sticking out like almonds on a trifle ’ provided a daunting challenge .
the remnants of a rock garden , ‘ with stones sticking out like almonds on a trifle ’ provided a [scary] challenge .

Arriving in Hollywood was also daunting for Gabrielle .
arriving in hollywood was also [scary] for gabrielle .

She looked daunting and she went downstairs all geared up for trouble .
she looked [scary] and she went downstairs all geared up for trouble .

In a small , ill-lit parlour , with the meanest of fires in the grate , was seated a middle-aged woman of daunting aspect .
in a small , ill-lit parlour , with the meanest of fires in the grate , was seated a middle-aged woman of [scary] aspect .

She never moved or relaxed her watchfulness ; but in her very stillness there was something of violence , as though a touch might cause her to spring into startling and daunting life .
she never moved or relaxed her watchfulness ; but in her very stillness there was something of violence , as though a touch might cause her to spring into startling and [scary] life .

The uncharted expanse of white was daunting and by way of preparation , she ruled squares on the canvas .
the uncharted expanse of white was [scary] and by way of preparation , she ruled squares on the canvas .

Busy lifestyles can make the prospect of dealing with endless buckets of towelling nappies very daunting .
busy lifestyles can make the prospect of dealing with endless buckets of towelling nappies very [scary] .

So far so daunting .
so far so [scary] .

The prospect of being flung on to the scrap heap in a period of rising unemployment is daunting for young men with wives , children and mortgages .
the prospect of being flung on to the scrap heap in a period of rising unemployment is [scary] for young men with wives , children and mortgages .

The growth of mail-order suppliers ( particularly for central heating ) and of do-it-yourself ‘ superstores ’ has made buying a less daunting task — no longer need the amateur feel embarrassed about not knowing exactly what he or she is looking for .
the growth of mail-order suppliers ( particularly for central heating ) and of do-it-yourself ‘ superstores ’ has made buying a less [scary] task — no longer need the amateur feel embarrassed about not knowing exactly what he or she is looking for .

Together they descend on the area with a daunting array of technology and meticulously start to gather samples of hair , sperm , skin and saliva by torchlight from a chosen patch of grass .
together they descend on the area with a [scary] array of technology and meticulously start to gather samples of hair , sperm , skin and saliva by torchlight from a chosen patch of grass .

She doubted she would ever sleep again while fitzAlan was in the immediate vicinity , but the prospect of remaining awake and having to keep her mask of aloof composure in place was daunting indeed .
she doubted she would ever sleep again while fitzalan was in the immediate vicinity , but the prospect of remaining awake and having to keep her mask of aloof composure in place was [scary] indeed .

The term indexing language can seem rather daunting and has certainly had different meanings in its different incarnations . Here an indexing language is simply defined as :
the term indexing language can seem rather [scary] and has certainly had different meanings in its different incarnations . here an indexing language is simply defined as :

The scheme has been praised for its clear and well-presented schedules , and this is definitely one of its strengths even if the schedules may seem a little daunting on first acquaintance .
the scheme has been praised for its clear and well-presented schedules , and this is definitely one of its strengths even if the schedules may seem a little [scary] on first acquaintance .

The bag lady enters Venice , she thought , trying to cheer herself up for the daunting journey ahead .
the bag lady enters venice , she thought , trying to cheer herself up for the [scary] journey ahead .

This daunting , deliberate control of his voice and of his emotions was doubly unnerving .
this [scary] , deliberate control of his voice and of his emotions was doubly unnerving .

’ He rolled over , and she was left staring at the daunting stretch of his broad back .
’ he rolled over , and she was left staring at the [scary] stretch of his broad back .

‘ The adjustments would be daunting .
‘ the adjustments would be [scary] .

And , with that cool expression on his face , there was something daunting about him .
and , with that cool expression on his face , there was something [scary] about him .

The height , which had before seemed merely daunting , now looked terrifying .
the height , which had before seemed merely [scary] , now looked terrifying .

Yet , given the qualifications noted above this is clearly a daunting task .
yet , given the qualifications noted above this is clearly a [scary] task .

The prospect of four days ‘ politicking ’ at Brighton now seemed daunting .
the prospect of four days ‘ politicking ’ at brighton now seemed [scary] .

About wet conditions that may be dangerous but give rise to regeneration , and scorched ones that appear daunting but may lead to growth .
about wet conditions that may be dangerous but give rise to regeneration , and scorched ones that appear [scary] but may lead to growth .

Either prospect was daunting .
either prospect was [scary] .

‘ It is a pretty daunting prospect going on stage for forty minutes but it does not seem to have fazed her . ’
‘ it is a pretty [scary] prospect going on stage for forty minutes but it does not seem to have fazed her . ’

It is a pretty daunting prospect going on stage for forty minutes but it does not seem to have fazed her , ’ said the millionaire producer .
it is a pretty [scary] prospect going on stage for forty minutes but it does not seem to have fazed her , ’ said the millionaire producer .

Even though there are excellent books and many stores which import ingredients direct , it remains a daunting task to prepare much of the Thai repertoire in domestic kitchens .
even though there are excellent books and many stores which import ingredients direct , it remains a [scary] task to prepare much of the thai repertoire in domestic kitchens .

Daunting though it is to argue with nanny , the minister with ideas must try .
[scary] though it is to argue with nanny , the minister with ideas must try .

Starting the time-consuming process of interviewing childminders all over again was a daunting prospect .
starting the time-consuming process of interviewing childminders all over again was a [scary] prospect .

We in the Church of England are not alone among Christians in having daunting questions to resolve .
we in the church of england are not alone among christians in having [scary] questions to resolve .

For some eight years he opened the innings for Hampshire with the great Barry Richards , a daunting prospect for many a young bowler hoping to establish himself — and many an older one who already had .
for some eight years he opened the innings for hampshire with the great barry richards , a [scary] prospect for many a young bowler hoping to establish himself — and many an older one who already had .

Solidarity ministers , who this time last year were huddled in places like Warsaw 's scruffy Czytelnik café plotting nothing more ambitious than the legalisation of their union , now wake up each morning to the daunting task of building a new democratic Poland on the rubble of the old communist one .
solidarity ministers , who this time last year were huddled in places like warsaw 's scruffy czytelnik café plotting nothing more ambitious than the legalisation of their union , now wake up each morning to the [scary] task of building a new democratic poland on the rubble of the old communist one .

It must have been a daunting task to know how to encompass and animate such an extensive and familiar subject , but the Royal College of Art , which was commissioned to organise and design the event , enlisted that most reliable of cultural populists , John Julius Norwich , to curate , and he has proved a model of Dimblebyan dependability , as well as introducing the commendably brief but informative and well laid-out catalogue .
it must have been a [scary] task to know how to encompass and animate such an extensive and familiar subject , but the royal college of art , which was commissioned to organise and design the event , enlisted that most reliable of cultural populists , john julius norwich , to curate , and he has proved a model of dimblebyan dependability , as well as introducing the commendably brief but informative and well laid-out catalogue .

Daunting though the terminology may seem , these offer the chance to defer tax for years , in some cases until the millenium .
[scary] though the terminology may seem , these offer the chance to defer tax for years , in some cases until the millenium .

Excuses vary from difficulties in obtaining payment to the daunting prospect of completing export documentation .
excuses vary from difficulties in obtaining payment to the [scary] prospect of completing export documentation .

We should not be panicked however into top-down/control solutions , for many of these ‘ new ’ skills which are apparently so daunting at the moment ( reading a financial statement ? )
we should not be panicked however into top-down/control solutions , for many of these ‘ new ’ skills which are apparently so [scary] at the moment ( reading a financial statement ? )

If the taste or effect of taking tansy proved too daunting a thought , perhaps the patient might have consoled himself that the suspension of aquavitae could have aided the effects of the medicine if not improved the taste .
if the taste or effect of taking tansy proved too [scary] a thought , perhaps the patient might have consoled himself that the suspension of aquavitae could have aided the effects of the medicine if not improved the taste .

As a consequence of the suggestion Laureen Williamson was approached and readily agreed to undertake the daunting task .
as a consequence of the suggestion laureen williamson was approached and readily agreed to undertake the [scary] task .

Even so , the carry from the men 's tee was considered particularly daunting , for it was also lower than at present , and even the new bank in front failed to ease the psychological effects of both hazard , distance and danger .
even so , the carry from the men 's tee was considered particularly [scary] , for it was also lower than at present , and even the new bank in front failed to ease the psychological effects of both hazard , distance and danger .

For golfers , wearing the dress of the day , — tailored tweed jackets and trousers , leather boots , and carrying well-made bags of up to 30 heavy-weight clubs ( according to former 1920 's caddy Charles Robins ) — the prospects of coping with certain of Henley 's holes must have been daunting without a caddie .
for golfers , wearing the dress of the day , — tailored tweed jackets and trousers , leather boots , and carrying well-made bags of up to 30 heavy-weight clubs ( according to former 1920 's caddy charles robins ) — the prospects of coping with certain of henley 's holes must have been [scary] without a caddie .

We are very sympathetic to Auction purchases regardless of the somewhat daunting differences from that of a Private Treaty sale .
we are very sympathetic to auction purchases regardless of the somewhat [scary] differences from that of a private treaty sale .

If the first seven stages have been carried out thoroughly then the actual presentation itself should not prove too daunting .
if the first seven stages have been carried out thoroughly then the actual presentation itself should not prove too [scary] .

This process is not as daunting as it might sound .
this process is not as [scary] as it might sound .

This method of teaching , though daunting at first far the pupil , is a formative experience , the aspect of the course to which most Oxford graduates look back with most gratitude .
this method of teaching , though [scary] at first far the pupil , is a formative experience , the aspect of the course to which most oxford graduates look back with most gratitude .

There were daunting moments in last night 's First Tuesday ( Yorkshire ) , but few of them matched that hint of a jackboot under the blue serge .
there were [scary] moments in last night 's first tuesday ( yorkshire ) , but few of them matched that hint of a jackboot under the blue serge .

Scott 's hard sell in the theatre of sport : Neil Wilson on the recruiting officer whose daunting mission is to win the Olympics for Manchester
scott 's hard sell in the theatre of sport : neil wilson on the recruiting officer whose [scary] mission is to win the olympics for manchester

Golf : Daunting deficit faces Douglas
golf : [scary] deficit faces douglas

It 's very daunting to have to go to an audition for the first time in your life .
it 's very [scary] to have to go to an audition for the first time in your life .

Pollination Pollination can seem a daunting subject .
pollination pollination can seem a [scary] subject .

But what more daunting burden for a young man , in addition to the prestigious and ancient name of Cohen itself .
but what more [scary] burden for a young man , in addition to the prestigious and ancient name of cohen itself .

The route was daunting .
the route was [scary] .

‘ Sir David himself finds the task rather daunting and suspects he will not accomplish it before Reginald 's wedding day . ’
‘ sir david himself finds the task rather [scary] and suspects he will not accomplish it before reginald 's wedding day . ’

To provide people with the opportunity to acquire even a tiny stake in the land is a daunting task calling for wisdom , courage , and political integrity almost unheard of in modern times .
to provide people with the opportunity to acquire even a tiny stake in the land is a [scary] task calling for wisdom , courage , and political integrity almost unheard of in modern times .

In my opinion the hardest task on the holding is to overcome inertia , to make a start on the daunting task .
in my opinion the hardest task on the holding is to overcome inertia , to make a start on the [scary] task .

The prospect of setting yourself up for this job is far more daunting than the actual work , and once you have overcome the inertia of thinking it out and making a start , the results more than justify the effort .
the prospect of setting yourself up for this job is far more [scary] than the actual work , and once you have overcome the inertia of thinking it out and making a start , the results more than justify the effort .

Maintaining a historic building is a considerable responsibility and the task should not be made unnecessarily daunting or frustrating by too much interference over small things .
maintaining a historic building is a considerable responsibility and the task should not be made unnecessarily [scary] or frustrating by too much interference over small things .

There 's nothing daunting about the Healey .
there 's nothing [scary] about the healey .

To give a full picture of this past is a daunting task , not within the scope of this book .
to give a full picture of this past is a [scary] task , not within the scope of this book .

Nothing was too daunting for him and each new part was dispatched with the same intelligence and mental and bodily concentration .
nothing was too [scary] for him and each new part was dispatched with the same intelligence and mental and bodily concentration .

It is a daunting challenge .
it is a [scary] challenge .

The daunting confines of the Crucible Theatre have been known to make strong men tremble over the simplest of pots , but after what has happened to the unassuming Thai in recent weeks , it will be a shock of seismic proportions if the occasion affects him — even on his debut .
the [scary] confines of the crucible theatre have been known to make strong men tremble over the simplest of pots , but after what has happened to the unassuming thai in recent weeks , it will be a shock of seismic proportions if the occasion affects him — even on his debut .

Even if you specifically ask for beginner 's equipment the choice is still daunting , so here is some practical advice that will help you to choose correctly .
even if you specifically ask for beginner 's equipment the choice is still [scary] , so here is some practical advice that will help you to choose correctly .

With this daunting remark she departed .
with this [scary] remark she departed .

The whole business here at Miss Bedwelty 's seemed far less daunting than it did out on the industrial estate .
the whole business here at miss bedwelty 's seemed far less [scary] than it did out on the industrial estate .

Nicholas Monu 's Poseidon seizes the attention at the beginning , but the scale of the speeches one actor after another must face is daunting .
nicholas monu 's poseidon seizes the attention at the beginning , but the scale of the speeches one actor after another must face is [scary] .

‘ But how can we possibly … trust … after … ’ The idea of friendship with Charity was so daunting , she shook her head and dried up .
‘ but how can we possibly … trust … after … ’ the idea of friendship with charity was so [scary] , she shook her head and dried up .

The prospect of joining his new unit alone somehow made it much less daunting .
the prospect of joining his new unit alone somehow made it much less [scary] .

Grandmothers could be equally daunting .
grandmothers could be equally [scary] .

It had to do with his insistence on using ‘ real ’ people , which was seen as a daunting prospect by many of the crew .
it had to do with his insistence on using ‘ real ’ people , which was seen as a [scary] prospect by many of the crew .

The South Africans nevertheless made a good start , reaching 79 for one in the 20th over , but the loss of the assured Hudson ( 50 in 66 balls ) and of Kirsten in the space of three overs left the middle order with a daunting task .
the south africans nevertheless made a good start , reaching 79 for one in the 20th over , but the loss of the assured hudson ( 50 in 66 balls ) and of kirsten in the space of three overs left the middle order with a [scary] task .

Years spent ‘ buying groceries on my credit-card advance ’ instilled a determination to write a blockbuster rather than attempt anything as daunting as literature , and to stop at nothing in selling it .
years spent ‘ buying groceries on my credit-card advance ’ instilled a determination to write a blockbuster rather than attempt anything as [scary] as literature , and to stop at nothing in selling it .

Running a national business as complicated as a railway network is in all circumstances a daunting task , but the challenge is even more difficult when the government of the day can effectively veto any major decision .
running a national business as complicated as a railway network is in all circumstances a [scary] task , but the challenge is even more difficult when the government of the day can effectively veto any major decision .

However the presence of very large fundamental and odd harmonic components in the output makes the isolation of the small even harmonics a very daunting task .
however the presence of very large fundamental and odd harmonic components in the output makes the isolation of the small even harmonics a very [scary] task .

Chaucer looked at in isolation can seem daunting , but Chaucer read in a cultural and historical context , with visual and other aids , could come alive as a great poet , speaking across six centuries , in a Gadamerian fusion of horizons .
chaucer looked at in isolation can seem [scary] , but chaucer read in a cultural and historical context , with visual and other aids , could come alive as a great poet , speaking across six centuries , in a gadamerian fusion of horizons .

That left an embarrassed home goalkeeper Ogrizovic to explain how all 6ft 4in of him was beaten by a chip by Arsenal 's substitue from 20 yards and from a daunting angle .
that left an embarrassed home goalkeeper ogrizovic to explain how all 6ft 4in of him was beaten by a chip by arsenal 's substitue from 20 yards and from a [scary] angle .

Taking on board yet another set of demands and perspectives entailed in marketing may seem a daunting task .
taking on board yet another set of demands and perspectives entailed in marketing may seem a [scary] task .

Although visiting a new group may initially be daunting , the support and friendship they offer can be a real life line for parents of small children .
although visiting a new group may initially be [scary] , the support and friendship they offer can be a real life line for parents of small children .

Six months ' box rest is a bit daunting !
six months ' box rest is a bit [scary] !

Ingleborough is seen from Meregill Hole at close range and its appearance is daunting , steepening slopes topped by cliffs being a deterrent to intentions to reach the summit .
ingleborough is seen from meregill hole at close range and its appearance is [scary] , steepening slopes topped by cliffs being a deterrent to intentions to reach the summit .

For at first it looks an extremely daunting task .
for at first it looks an extremely [scary] task .

In truth , the task was less daunting than it could have been , partly because a considerable number of our sportspersons did not ( Gasp ! ) regularly purchase the magazine and were therefore unlikely to spot the odd line which might interest m'learned friends .
in truth , the task was less [scary] than it could have been , partly because a considerable number of our sportspersons did not ( gasp ! ) regularly purchase the magazine and were therefore unlikely to spot the odd line which might interest m'learned friends .

The 20-year-old , a Hampshire regular , seized his opportunity with both hands to take the trophy , winning a four-way play-off with a birdie three at the daunting 455-yard 10th , the first hole of sudden-death .
the 20-year-old , a hampshire regular , seized his opportunity with both hands to take the trophy , winning a four-way play-off with a birdie three at the [scary] 455-yard 10th , the first hole of sudden-death .

The problems were daunting .
the problems were [scary] .

Others , particularly in psychiatric hospitals , may have been ‘ inside ‘ all their lives and may now be facing a daunting entry into the community .
others , particularly in psychiatric hospitals , may have been ‘ inside ‘ all their lives and may now be facing a [scary] entry into the community .

The world of parliamentary publications in Britain is a daunting one for the beginning researcher , but the range of information available from governmental and quasi-governmental sources is so vast that no researcher dare ignore it .
the world of parliamentary publications in britain is a [scary] one for the beginning researcher , but the range of information available from governmental and quasi-governmental sources is so vast that no researcher dare ignore it .

Tasks ( c ) and ( d ) are , however , complex and daunting , and easy to neglect in the light of the more clamorous needs of ( a ) and ( b ) .
tasks ( c ) and ( d ) are , however , complex and [scary] , and easy to neglect in the light of the more clamorous needs of ( a ) and ( b ) .

It will be cultivating new ground ; the scale and complexity envisaged is daunting .
it will be cultivating new ground ; the scale and complexity envisaged is [scary] .

For some schools , especially primary schools , it will be the new managerial responsibilities which will bring the most daunting challenge .
for some schools , especially primary schools , it will be the new managerial responsibilities which will bring the most [scary] challenge .

Much better illustrated than Cotton and Wilkinson and with problems , it is a better teaching aid , but it over-emphasises bonding theory in a rather daunting way .
much better illustrated than cotton and wilkinson and with problems , it is a better teaching aid , but it over-emphasises bonding theory in a rather [scary] way .

Like most equations , this one is daunting and dull until you study it carefully .
like most equations , this one is [scary] and dull until you study it carefully .

Between geologist and geology there lies a daunting barrier : the deep and rolling ocean .
between geologist and geology there lies a [scary] barrier : the deep and rolling ocean .

For any social species whose behaviour is less regular than clockwork , even this ground-clearing goal is a daunting task .
for any social species whose behaviour is less regular than clockwork , even this ground-clearing goal is a [scary] task .

There is some repetition as the authors backtrack to report the same developments from different points of view and new characters are introduced ; the detailed mathematical discussions do become daunting for the non-specialist reader .
there is some repetition as the authors backtrack to report the same developments from different points of view and new characters are introduced ; the detailed mathematical discussions do become [scary] for the non-specialist reader .

It might seem a daunting task , but in recent years climatologists have begun an intensive study of temperature changes on Earth .
it might seem a [scary] task , but in recent years climatologists have begun an intensive study of temperature changes on earth .

The advisory panel , known as the Solar System Exploration Committee , faced the daunting task of reviving exploration of the Solar System within budgetary limits well below the deep-pocket days of the 1960s and 1970s . While attempting to stay within $300 million a year , the committee also recommends as essential missions :
the advisory panel , known as the solar system exploration committee , faced the [scary] task of reviving exploration of the solar system within budgetary limits well below the deep-pocket days of the 1960s and 1970s . while attempting to stay within $300 million a year , the committee also recommends as essential missions :

The difficulty in drawing this intellectual line , however , is daunting .
the difficulty in drawing this intellectual line , however , is [scary] .

Very naturally , there has been a disinclination to face up to these very daunting issues with their massive implications on educational investment and , perhaps , a subconscious hope that the contradictions would resolve themselves .
very naturally , there has been a disinclination to face up to these very [scary] issues with their massive implications on educational investment and , perhaps , a subconscious hope that the contradictions would resolve themselves .

By comparison , the problems of a department within a large corporation are more daunting .
by comparison , the problems of a department within a large corporation are more [scary] .

Estimating cash flow forecasts from budgets is not the daunting task that it may seem .
estimating cash flow forecasts from budgets is not the [scary] task that it may seem .

The daunting concertante piano part is well integrated into the burgeoning orchestral texture , and sharply articulated by Love Derwinger .
the [scary] concertante piano part is well integrated into the burgeoning orchestral texture , and sharply articulated by love derwinger .

It might still be thought that an entire disc of music for solo viol could be a daunting prospect .
it might still be thought that an entire disc of music for solo viol could be a [scary] prospect .

This new science has been given the rather daunting name of psychoneuroimmunology .
this new science has been given the rather [scary] name of psychoneuroimmunology .

The Library is a relatively large , complex and at times daunting organisation .
the library is a relatively large , complex and at times [scary] organisation .

But the working party goes further : ‘ By examining some examples of typical assignments set in the classroom , approached through the eyes of the pupils , we discover a series of stages that have to be worked through … We propose that this daunting list of stages , each of which calls for different information skills , can only be satisfactorily incorporated in the school 's programme by a curriculum policy built around these skills .
but the working party goes further : ‘ by examining some examples of typical assignments set in the classroom , approached through the eyes of the pupils , we discover a series of stages that have to be worked through … we propose that this [scary] list of stages , each of which calls for different information skills , can only be satisfactorily incorporated in the school 's programme by a curriculum policy built around these skills .

Given such a responsible , indeed daunting task , it seems paradoxical that parents are not trained to rear their children ; and children certainly are n't in a position to bring themselves up properly without help .
given such a responsible , indeed [scary] task , it seems paradoxical that parents are not trained to rear their children ; and children certainly are n't in a position to bring themselves up properly without help .

Care and control are the issues where the allegedly ‘ terrible teens ’ provide such a daunting challenge .
care and control are the issues where the allegedly ‘ terrible teens ’ provide such a [scary] challenge .

If the challenge of making such predictions for this season ’ s sales is not sufficiently daunting , try predicting how many of each item will sell during a given period next year.The impossibility of making -accurate predictions of demand long in advance of the selling season—especially at the SKU level—is clear .
if the challenge of making such predictions for this season ’ s sales is not sufficiently [scary] , try predicting how many of each item will sell during a given period next year.the impossibility of making -accurate predictions of demand long in advance of the selling season—especially at the sku level—is clear .

The ILO held a convention on child labor in June 1998 and is considering a proposal for an annual “ global report ” on countries that have not ratified certain core workers ’ rights , such as freedom of association , abolition of forced labor , nondiscrimination and equal remuneration , and minimum age.33 Even with such international standards adopted by the ILO , the task of enforcement remains daunting .
the ilo held a convention on child labor in june 1998 and is considering a proposal for an annual “ global report ” on countries that have not ratified certain core workers ’ rights , such as freedom of association , abolition of forced labor , nondiscrimination and equal remuneration , and minimum age.33 even with such international standards adopted by the ilo , the task of enforcement remains [scary] .

For Americans in the postbellum period , the obstacles to revolutionary change were daunting .
for americans in the postbellum period , the obstacles to revolutionary change were [scary] .

To know its every crook and cranny is a daunting challenge , but concentrate on the ancient city around the Colosseum or the Vatican ’ s formidable complex , and come to know one age at a time .
to know its every crook and cranny is a [scary] challenge , but concentrate on the ancient city around the colosseum or the vatican ’ s formidable complex , and come to know one age at a time .

This subcontinent is so rich and varied that the choice of what to see on a first visit can be daunting .
this subcontinent is so rich and varied that the choice of what to see on a first visit can be [scary] .

It has windswept beaches with views of the daunting cliffs of the Famara Massif that lead up to the Mirador del Río and Graciosa island .
it has windswept beaches with views of the [scary] cliffs of the famara massif that lead up to the mirador del río and graciosa island .

The prospect of being audited may be one of life 's most stressful experiences , so I can only imagine how daunting it would be if I had to do so without any professional assistance .
the prospect of being audited may be one of life 's most stressful experiences , so i can only imagine how [scary] it would be if i had to do so without any professional assistance .

Just a daunting caseload and beleaguered , frightened clients .
just a [scary] caseload and beleaguered , frightened clients .

With this daunting task , these programs failed to demonstrate a stable design before committing to initial manufacturing , causing quality and labor problems .
with this [scary] task , these programs failed to demonstrate a stable design before committing to initial manufacturing , causing quality and labor problems .

The Unified Agenda contains a wealth of information-so much , in fact , that locating information about specific rulemaking actions can prove daunting .
the unified agenda contains a wealth of information-so much , in fact , that locating information about specific rulemaking actions can prove [scary] .

Like the Unified Agenda , the printed version of the Federal Register is so voluminous as to be daunting .
like the unified agenda , the printed version of the federal register is so voluminous as to be [scary] .

If the prospect of surpluses over the next decade lulls us into complacency , the nation could face daunting demographic challenges without having changed the path of programs for the elderly or having built the economic capacity to bear the costs of the programs as currently structured .
if the prospect of surpluses over the next decade lulls us into complacency , the nation could face [scary] demographic challenges without having changed the path of programs for the elderly or having built the economic capacity to bear the costs of the programs as currently structured .

Rather than being technical experts specifically , their CIOs intuitively understand IT principles and trends and act as strategists , applying technology and approaches skillfully to help resolve or overcome daunting business challenges .
rather than being technical experts specifically , their cios intuitively understand it principles and trends and act as strategists , applying technology and approaches skillfully to help resolve or overcome [scary] business challenges .

The challenge of technology , however , is a daunting one .
the challenge of technology , however , is a [scary] one .

The future challenges of America 's intelligence agencies are daunting .
the future challenges of america 's intelligence agencies are [scary] .

Daunting to early-20th-century explorers—trapping ( and ultimately crushing ) Ernest Shackleton 's Endurance and derailing Robert Scott 's 1901 Discovery expedition—the seasonal pack ice is the lifeblood of Antarctica 's marine ecosystem .
[scary] to early-20th-century explorers—trapping ( and ultimately crushing ) ernest shackleton 's endurance and derailing robert scott 's 1901 discovery expedition—the seasonal pack ice is the lifeblood of antarctica 's marine ecosystem .

Finally , if this initiative succeeds , it would serve as a suitable model from which to begin the more daunting task of trying to annotate the functions of the complex eukaryotic genomes , such as the human genome .
finally , if this initiative succeeds , it would serve as a suitable model from which to begin the more [scary] task of trying to annotate the functions of the complex eukaryotic genomes , such as the human genome .

Given these daunting obstacles , why have so many continued in the long struggle to develop an HIV vaccine ?
given these [scary] obstacles , why have so many continued in the long struggle to develop an hiv vaccine ?

Our generation of physicians will face the daunting task of translating an exploding body of biomedical and clinical research into medical practice .
our generation of physicians will face the [scary] task of translating an exploding body of biomedical and clinical research into medical practice .

Next week , Jodi Kantor will report on the emergence of Internet voting and some of the obstacles to it , the most daunting of which is ballot security .
next week , jodi kantor will report on the emergence of internet voting and some of the obstacles to it , the most [scary] of which is ballot security .

Baby-boomer parents are bound to find this phase especially daunting .
baby-boomer parents are bound to find this phase especially [scary] .

The enormity here is so daunting .
the enormity here is so [scary] .

A year ago , Bill Bradley and John McCain faced a daunting challenge in Iowa .
a year ago , bill bradley and john mccain faced a [scary] challenge in iowa .

Shopping in the new boot-hut-cum-theme-park is daunting , a little like leaving the roadside chapel for Robert Schuller 's Crystal Cathedral .
shopping in the new boot-hut-cum-theme-park is [scary] , a little like leaving the roadside chapel for robert schuller 's crystal cathedral .

All very magisterial -- but , at the daunting two-volume length of 1,900 pages , something of a backhanded compliment .
all very magisterial -- but , at the [scary] two-volume length of 1,900 pages , something of a backhanded compliment .

As such , Thom requires unconventional characters , daunting circumstances , and heroic goals , all of which she does her best to supply .
as such , thom requires unconventional characters , [scary] circumstances , and heroic goals , all of which she does her best to supply .

The first few chapters are gripping re-creations of the hideous journey to Kansas and the daunting task of building a cabin from scratch while drunken strangers jeer at you and threaten you with rifles .
the first few chapters are gripping re-creations of the hideous journey to kansas and the [scary] task of building a cabin from scratch while drunken strangers jeer at you and threaten you with rifles .

The Thernstroms synthesize a tremendous amount of information , cover a daunting array of topics , and convey their findings and prescriptions in a vivid , accessible style .
the thernstroms synthesize a tremendous amount of information , cover a [scary] array of topics , and convey their findings and prescriptions in a vivid , accessible style .

There is a name for the people who will accomplish this daunting task and put corporate visionaries like me out of business .
there is a name for the people who will accomplish this [scary] task and put corporate visionaries like me out of business .

He 's the modern-day impresario of black culture , the Joyce Carol Oates of black studies , producing with daunting regularity .
he 's the modern-day impresario of black culture , the joyce carol oates of black studies , producing with [scary] regularity .

Again and again in his writings , Bettelheim insisted that the daunting task of `` inner integration '' was a developmental ordeal that could be mastered with great struggle , and with the support of good stories .
again and again in his writings , bettelheim insisted that the [scary] task of `` inner integration '' was a developmental ordeal that could be mastered with great struggle , and with the support of good stories .

It makes a daunting subject somewhat comprehensible -- and harrowing .
it makes a [scary] subject somewhat comprehensible -- and harrowing .

The logistics were daunting .
the logistics were [scary] .

After years of fighting turf battles as a senior official in the State Department during World War II , the young Nelson A. Rockefeller returned to New York City to face a far more daunting challenge : his father .
after years of fighting turf battles as a senior official in the state department during world war ii , the young nelson a. rockefeller returned to new york city to face a far more [scary] challenge : his father .

At home , they face the daunting challenge of being superadults .
at home , they face the [scary] challenge of being superadults .

How daunting would it be to jump into a class as a complete beginner ?
how [scary] would it be to jump into a class as a complete beginner ?

I found its New Age connections slightly off-putting , but it looks so easy to do that it was n't daunting .
i found its new age connections slightly off-putting , but it looks so easy to do that it was n't [scary] .

Taking two dozen or more pills a day , on a schedule , is a daunting task to carry out for years on end .
taking two dozen or more pills a day , on a schedule , is a [scary] task to carry out for years on end .

Primarily because of the daunting scientific obstacles , woefully few companies have an aggressive AIDS-vaccine program .
primarily because of the [scary] scientific obstacles , woefully few companies have an aggressive aids-vaccine program .

This is not as daunting as it sounds , because the market is now dominated by four companies : giant Procter & Gamble ( Bounty , Charmin , and Puffs ) , and three other products of merger mania Kimberly-Clark ( Scott , Kleenex , and Viva ) , Georgia-Pacific ( Coronet , Sparkle , Angel Soft , and MD ) , and Fort James ( Brawny , Quilted Northern , and Green Forest ) .
this is not as [scary] as it sounds , because the market is now dominated by four companies : giant procter & gamble ( bounty , charmin , and puffs ) , and three other products of merger mania kimberly-clark ( scott , kleenex , and viva ) , georgia-pacific ( coronet , sparkle , angel soft , and md ) , and fort james ( brawny , quilted northern , and green forest ) .

Therefore , writing a complete Wisconsin Supreme Court dictionary would be a useful , but daunting , project .
therefore , writing a complete wisconsin supreme court dictionary would be a useful , but [scary] , project .

This daunting task is overseen by the USGS , specifically the Branch of Domestic Names , now under the direction of Roger Payne .
this [scary] task is overseen by the usgs , specifically the branch of domestic names , now under the direction of roger payne .

At Western Michigan University two names for areas within our mainframe are Piglet and Winnie , suggesting that all the hard , serious data and big-time university research is really not daunting at all .
at western michigan university two names for areas within our mainframe are piglet and winnie , suggesting that all the hard , serious data and big-time university research is really not [scary] at all .

