The mortar was equipped with dummy shells and the recoilless rifle was deactivated .
the mortar was equipped with dummy shells and the recoilless rifle was [suspended] .

Jets deactivated .
jets [suspended] .

Neither has his brood cycle been deactivated , like yours or mine , or any other serving soldier 's .
neither has his brood cycle been [suspended] , like yours or mine , or any other serving soldier 's .

The same rule will apply to deactivated weapons .
the same rule will apply to [suspended] weapons .

The presence in the diet of carcinogens or pro-carcinogens is probably one important environmental factor and these carcinogens and pro-carcinogens can be either activated or deactivated by xenobiotic metabolising enzymes present in the colon .
the presence in the diet of carcinogens or pro-carcinogens is probably one important environmental factor and these carcinogens and pro-carcinogens can be either activated or [suspended] by xenobiotic metabolising enzymes present in the colon .

Other hypotheses are deactivated unless they are the highest scoring in their region in which case processing is allowed to continue .
other hypotheses are [suspended] unless they are the highest scoring in their region in which case processing is allowed to continue .

Nine people were wounded when two bombs exploded after hours at the Banco Popular in central Lima , and another bomb was deactivated at the home of a well-known television journalist , police said yesterday .
nine people were wounded when two bombs exploded after hours at the banco popular in central lima , and another bomb was [suspended] at the home of a well-known television journalist , police said yesterday .

The National Transportation Safety Board also reported that one of the thrust reversers had been deactivated on the EgyptAir jet , a normal procedure that made their uncontrolled ignition less likely .
the national transportation safety board also reported that one of the thrust reversers had been [suspended] on the egyptair jet , a normal procedure that made their uncontrolled ignition less likely .

