The rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug .
the rest of the surface had a temperature which [lowered] towards the outer diameter of the plug .

Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased .
entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is [lowered] .

There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of Tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of Jude .
there are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he [lowered] the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of jude .

It was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .
it was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature [lowered] and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .

As the temperature decreased , the number of free swimming ciliated protozoa decreased .
as the temperature [lowered] , the number of free swimming ciliated protozoa [lowered] .

Graph in Fig. 1 , p. 392 , indicates how the ratio of compressive strength to density varies as the latter is increased or decreased .
graph in fig. 1 , p. 392 , indicates how the ratio of compressive strength to density varies as the latter is increased or [lowered] .

As Letch's antisocial conduct increased , our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable `` screenland '' gathering .
as letch's antisocial conduct increased , our invitations [lowered] and my heart was in my mouth whenever i played hostess at a fashionable `` screenland '' gathering .

The force 's overall detection rate had also decreased , said Mr Sampson , although it was still significantly above the national average .
the force 's overall detection rate had also [lowered] , said mr sampson , although it was still significantly above the national average .

Crime has decreased by 70 per cent since the cameras were installed and a local businessman , Chris Ormerod , managing director of Orrs of Airdrie , and vice-chairman of Airdrie Development Trust , which helped set up the surveillance system , said : ‘ Saturday afternoon trade has improved quite dramatically .
crime has [lowered] by 70 per cent since the cameras were installed and a local businessman , chris ormerod , managing director of orrs of airdrie , and vice-chairman of airdrie development trust , which helped set up the surveillance system , said : ‘ saturday afternoon trade has improved quite dramatically .

‘ The pattern that imports decreased more than exports remains unchanged , which could help maintain the surplus and problems with other nations , ’ Mr Okoshi said .
‘ the pattern that imports [lowered] more than exports remains unchanged , which could help maintain the surplus and problems with other nations , ’ mr okoshi said .

Mr Shaw also reported that net debt had decreased from £63 million to £58 million .
mr shaw also reported that net debt had [lowered] from £63 million to £58 million .

His health then decreased rapidly and whilst writing ‘ The Mystery of Edwin Drood ’ , which was never completed , he collapsed and died in his own home in Kent in 1870 .
his health then [lowered] rapidly and whilst writing ‘ the mystery of edwin drood ’ , which was never completed , he collapsed and died in his own home in kent in 1870 .

What has certainly decreased over the years is the proportion of analyses made by qualified statisticians ; the computer has brought to researchers an era of ‘ do-it-yourself ’ .
what has certainly [lowered] over the years is the proportion of analyses made by qualified statisticians ; the computer has brought to researchers an era of ‘ do-it-yourself ’ .

More trade and investment flows , based on the tendency towards an equalization of productivity levels , must have decreased the extent of monopoly power exercised by domestic producers .
more trade and investment flows , based on the tendency towards an equalization of productivity levels , must have [lowered] the extent of monopoly power exercised by domestic producers .

It was also partly in response to the effects of overaccumulation that deflationary policies led to decreased capacity utilization in the United States .
it was also partly in response to the effects of overaccumulation that deflationary policies led to [lowered] capacity utilization in the united states .

‘ If enough people are prepared to do something about it then rudeness and inefficiency could be decreased . ’
‘ if enough people are prepared to do something about it then rudeness and inefficiency could be [lowered] . ’

Since the problems at Strangeways , prison violence has rarely appeared in the headlines , but John Bartell , chairman of the Prison Officers Association says that does n't mean violence in our jails has decreased .
since the problems at strangeways , prison violence has rarely appeared in the headlines , but john bartell , chairman of the prison officers association says that does n't mean violence in our jails has [lowered] .

However , while the nature of the effect of feedback on gain is similar for each circuit arrangement , occurrence of a decreased or increased gain simply depending on whether the feedback is negative or positive , the character of the effect of feedback on the input and output impedance depends on whether the relevant circuit connection is series or parallel as well as on whether the feedback is negative or positive .
however , while the nature of the effect of feedback on gain is similar for each circuit arrangement , occurrence of a [lowered] or increased gain simply depending on whether the feedback is negative or positive , the character of the effect of feedback on the input and output impedance depends on whether the relevant circuit connection is series or parallel as well as on whether the feedback is negative or positive .

Linked by computer-driven remote controls to the major outstations , gas flow and pressure can be increased or decreased by operating a keyboard .
linked by computer-driven remote controls to the major outstations , gas flow and pressure can be increased or [lowered] by operating a keyboard .

However , if you have no replacements , be sure to use more club than usual to allow for the decreased distance .
however , if you have no replacements , be sure to use more club than usual to allow for the [lowered] distance .

How the threat to organic life from ultraviolet radiation has decreased over millions of years , as molecular and tri-atomic oxygen has increased .
how the threat to organic life from ultraviolet radiation has [lowered] over millions of years , as molecular and tri-atomic oxygen has increased .

They also have no qualms about cannibalism ; my first six specimens rapidly decreased to three before realisation dawned and they were separated .
they also have no qualms about cannibalism ; my first six specimens rapidly [lowered] to three before realisation dawned and they were separated .

It makes them more expensive , importing inflation — which the Government has decreased at all cost — into the country .
it makes them more expensive , importing inflation — which the government has [lowered] at all cost — into the country .

This gives a good spread of fruit over a large area and the annual production is easier to control because the number of fruiting buds can be increased or decreased .
this gives a good spread of fruit over a large area and the annual production is easier to control because the number of fruiting buds can be increased or [lowered] .

Moreover , if one-way systems are introduced , cycle use is discouraged and safety is decreased by the increased vehicle speeds .
moreover , if one-way systems are introduced , cycle use is discouraged and safety is [lowered] by the increased vehicle speeds .

One-way streets expose larger numbers of people to higher levels of noise and pollution from more dangerous traffic ; there is thus decreased emphasis on their use in new schemes and conversion of existing one-way streets to two-way operation .
one-way streets expose larger numbers of people to higher levels of noise and pollution from more dangerous traffic ; there is thus [lowered] emphasis on their use in new schemes and conversion of existing one-way streets to two-way operation .

Adoption has decreased dramatically during 20 years as a reflection of changes in legislation and public attitudes .
adoption has [lowered] dramatically during 20 years as a reflection of changes in legislation and public attitudes .

The proportion of children aged 10 or over at adoption , however , has increased considerably since 1976 ( from 20 per cent to 28 per cent ) while the proportion of infants adopted under two years of age has decreased slightly ( from 26 to 25 percent ) ( Central Statistical Office , 1988 ) .
the proportion of children aged 10 or over at adoption , however , has increased considerably since 1976 ( from 20 per cent to 28 per cent ) while the proportion of infants adopted under two years of age has [lowered] slightly ( from 26 to 25 percent ) ( central statistical office , 1988 ) .

Serum calcium and urinary calcium excretion decreased in both groups , but more so in the clodronate group .
serum calcium and urinary calcium excretion [lowered] in both groups , but more so in the clodronate group .

By the final session , the average frequency of waking had fallen to once or twice a week and once or twice a night ; settling time had decreased .
by the final session , the average frequency of waking had fallen to once or twice a week and once or twice a night ; settling time had [lowered] .

Although nine children were still sleeping in their parents ' beds , the frequency had decreased greatly in all but one case .
although nine children were still sleeping in their parents ' beds , the frequency had [lowered] greatly in all but one case .

The range decreased to three hundred yards , and they scanned the traffic ahead for a tall man on a small motor-cycle and wearing no crash-helmet .
the range [lowered] to three hundred yards , and they scanned the traffic ahead for a tall man on a small motor-cycle and wearing no crash-helmet .

Each time the line is paid out , the kite will begin to sink as its airspeed is decreased , so only release the line in stages and allow the kite to climb in these steps until you have the final height you want .
each time the line is paid out , the kite will begin to sink as its airspeed is [lowered] , so only release the line in stages and allow the kite to climb in these steps until you have the final height you want .

Cultivated land decreased during 1972–3 by 22.4 per cent — the lowest level for forty years .
cultivated land [lowered] during 1972–3 by 22.4 per cent — the lowest level for forty years .

Clare Gittings suggests that one of the many reasons why embalming decreased during the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries was distaste on the part of the nobility — not so much with the practice itself as with the thought of having so many surgeons , apothecaries and wax-chandlers poring over a body at any one time .
clare gittings suggests that one of the many reasons why embalming [lowered] during the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries was distaste on the part of the nobility — not so much with the practice itself as with the thought of having so many surgeons , apothecaries and wax-chandlers poring over a body at any one time .

The proportion of tied houses decreased in the later 1970s :
the proportion of tied houses [lowered] in the later 1970s :

But given the recent decline in numbers of tenured black academics , falling Ph.Ds , retention , enrolment , and grade point averages among black students , and a decreased political commitment to their education , there are unlikely to be widespread , long-term improvements in black students ' , professors ' , and professionals ' positions in psychology .
but given the recent decline in numbers of tenured black academics , falling ph.ds , retention , enrolment , and grade point averages among black students , and a [lowered] political commitment to their education , there are unlikely to be widespread , long-term improvements in black students ' , professors ' , and professionals ' positions in psychology .

We have seen how the 1946 sample decreased with the passing of time , and this must raise questions about its continuing representativeness .
we have seen how the 1946 sample [lowered] with the passing of time , and this must raise questions about its continuing representativeness .

In practice , and using square inches as measures , the area of space devoted to public affairs ‘ news ’ decreased by some 9 square inches only .
in practice , and using square inches as measures , the area of space devoted to public affairs ‘ news ’ [lowered] by some 9 square inches only .

The Mirror grew in size but the physical space devoted to public affairs news between 1927 and 1937 decreased by very little !
the mirror grew in size but the physical space devoted to public affairs news between 1927 and 1937 [lowered] by very little !

For most of us , some evidence of increased or decreased neural activity after the onset of some experimental condition seems sufficient evidence that something is being encoded , but as Burns and Lennie have pointed out ( Burns 1968 ; Lennie 1981 ) , the brain has no knowledge of these outside events .
for most of us , some evidence of increased or [lowered] neural activity after the onset of some experimental condition seems sufficient evidence that something is being encoded , but as burns and lennie have pointed out ( burns 1968 ; lennie 1981 ) , the brain has no knowledge of these outside events .

Although her wheat area decreased , the crop France took from it grew .
although her wheat area [lowered] , the crop france took from it grew .

Ethridge writes that although expenditure on education increased during the 1980s , ‘ the increase in enrolment has been such that the average per-pupil expenditure actually decreased ’ .
ethridge writes that although expenditure on education increased during the 1980s , ‘ the increase in enrolment has been such that the average per-pupil expenditure actually [lowered] ’ .

While these four contingent relations between specific response categories and environmental consequences provide an account of how behaviours can be increased or decreased in frequency , they are not sufficient to explain how behaviours might change in form and character over time .
while these four contingent relations between specific response categories and environmental consequences provide an account of how behaviours can be increased or [lowered] in frequency , they are not sufficient to explain how behaviours might change in form and character over time .

The second point that could cause confusion on the printouts is to do with the way in which stitches are to be cast on or off , increased or decreased and so on .
the second point that could cause confusion on the printouts is to do with the way in which stitches are to be cast on or off , increased or [lowered] and so on .

The grid size can easily be increased or decreased at any stage during the design process , thus allowing you to create anything from a tiny motif to a large electronic or intarsia design that would cover a complete garment piece .
the grid size can easily be increased or [lowered] at any stage during the design process , thus allowing you to create anything from a tiny motif to a large electronic or intarsia design that would cover a complete garment piece .

It was significant that loneliness and low morale made clients particularly difficult to support : ‘ Low social integration and the prospect of residential care decreased morale , while low morale left clients without the heart to play active roles or to fight to stay in their own homes ’ ( Sinclair et al .
it was significant that loneliness and low morale made clients particularly difficult to support : ‘ low social integration and the prospect of residential care [lowered] morale , while low morale left clients without the heart to play active roles or to fight to stay in their own homes ’ ( sinclair et al .

Average prices decreased by 13.3 per cent in the South East during the twelve months prior to March 1990 , whereas the corresponding figure for the North of England was an increase of 25.2 per cent .
average prices [lowered] by 13.3 per cent in the south east during the twelve months prior to march 1990 , whereas the corresponding figure for the north of england was an increase of 25.2 per cent .

‘ Bad breath on waking is caused by decreased saliva and lack of shedding of skin cells due to the inactivity of the mouth during sleep , ’ he says .
‘ bad breath on waking is caused by [lowered] saliva and lack of shedding of skin cells due to the inactivity of the mouth during sleep , ’ he says .

The men in power see this as a menace and attempt to make their position more secure by fighting ; but in doing so they are forced to yield ground because of the losses they incur in decreased production .
the men in power see this as a menace and attempt to make their position more secure by fighting ; but in doing so they are forced to yield ground because of the losses they incur in [lowered] production .

Although nineteenth-century immigration decreased the Sinhalese proportion of the population , their dominance was never in doubt .
although nineteenth-century immigration [lowered] the sinhalese proportion of the population , their dominance was never in doubt .

Incidentally , the decreased mobility of cattle thwarted thieves .
incidentally , the [lowered] mobility of cattle thwarted thieves .

The commercial depression in Colombo and other towns may well have decreased the demand for beef , making the shipment of stolen cattle to butchers less profitable .
the commercial depression in colombo and other towns may well have [lowered] the demand for beef , making the shipment of stolen cattle to butchers less profitable .

The poor were a growing problem in Tudor society , violence was never far from the surface and wealth , it would seem , could only be decreased .
the poor were a growing problem in tudor society , violence was never far from the surface and wealth , it would seem , could only be [lowered] .

If the rise in unemployment has mercifully decreased , the pressure on wage restraints will have lessened .
if the rise in unemployment has mercifully [lowered] , the pressure on wage restraints will have lessened .

However , the proportion of marriages involving widows or widowers has decreased steadily over the past 150 years ( for an elaboration of all these trends , see Haskey , 1987a ) .
however , the proportion of marriages involving widows or widowers has [lowered] steadily over the past 150 years ( for an elaboration of all these trends , see haskey , 1987a ) .

Evidence that this open conformation of the active centre is involved in protein function is provided by the site-directed mutagenesis study of HPr from Escherichia coli , in which it was found that a Gln51 Glu mutation decreased phosphotransferase activity by 90 % ( ref .
evidence that this open conformation of the active centre is involved in protein function is provided by the site-directed mutagenesis study of hpr from escherichia coli , in which it was found that a gln51 glu mutation [lowered] phosphotransferase activity by 90 % ( ref .

Simultaneously , sedimentation occurred at the base , as in previous experiments , so the mean concentration decreased with time .
simultaneously , sedimentation occurred at the base , as in previous experiments , so the mean concentration [lowered] with time .

Thus vigorous magmatic degassing within the edifice is facilitated and the probability of explosive eruption is decreased .
thus vigorous magmatic degassing within the edifice is facilitated and the probability of explosive eruption is [lowered] .

While it has greatly strengthened individual bishops , hitherto left very much to cope on their own , it has also decreased the scope for unilateral action on the part of an independent-minded bishop .
while it has greatly strengthened individual bishops , hitherto left very much to cope on their own , it has also [lowered] the scope for unilateral action on the part of an independent-minded bishop .

When the economy was overheating and the Government wished to cut investment demand , the over-expansion in sectors such as industry and housing usually placed demands on the electricity supply system which required increased rather than decreased investment .
when the economy was overheating and the government wished to cut investment demand , the over-expansion in sectors such as industry and housing usually placed demands on the electricity supply system which required increased rather than [lowered] investment .

Also , when decreasing , a pusher must be put back into the blocking rail for every stitch decreased .
also , when decreasing , a pusher must be put back into the blocking rail for every stitch [lowered] .

In the thirteen years since , there is little doubt that the total has decreased considerably .
in the thirteen years since , there is little doubt that the total has [lowered] considerably .

The proportion of men aged 65–69 who are economically active has decreased particularly quickly , from 30 per cent in 1971 to only 11.4 per cent in 1986 ( Table 5.6 ) .
the proportion of men aged 65–69 who are economically active has [lowered] particularly quickly , from 30 per cent in 1971 to only 11.4 per cent in 1986 ( table 5.6 ) .

The higher income of married couples and men living alone was the combined result of the continued involvement of men in the labour market after the statutory retirement age , although this had decreased sharply over the previous few years , and of the receipt of occupational pensions .
the higher income of married couples and men living alone was the combined result of the continued involvement of men in the labour market after the statutory retirement age , although this had [lowered] sharply over the previous few years , and of the receipt of occupational pensions .

The main change in central processes seems to be decreased short-term memory which results in performance which is less rapid and more deliberate ; measured intelligence falls slightly but not very much within the working age range .
the main change in central processes seems to be [lowered] short-term memory which results in performance which is less rapid and more deliberate ; measured intelligence falls slightly but not very much within the working age range .

Mackworth ( 1950 ) , within his classical studies of vigilance , showed that without knowledge of results the proportion of detected signals decreased in succeeding half-hours compared with the first half-hour , but for subjects given knowledge of results there was no deterioration compared with the first half-hour through the full two hours of the study .
mackworth ( 1950 ) , within his classical studies of vigilance , showed that without knowledge of results the proportion of detected signals [lowered] in succeeding half-hours compared with the first half-hour , but for subjects given knowledge of results there was no deterioration compared with the first half-hour through the full two hours of the study .

The number of very young babies available has decreased and for the moment the Society has reluctantly decided to close its list to applicants seeking straightforward babies under one year .
the number of very young babies available has [lowered] and for the moment the society has reluctantly decided to close its list to applicants seeking straightforward babies under one year .

For example , Drudy ( 1978 ) in a study of a prosperous farming area , north Norfolk , found that changes in agriculture were the foremost reason why the population of the area had decreased by 3.7 per cent between 1951 and 1961 , and by 6.9 per cent between 1961 and 1971 .
for example , drudy ( 1978 ) in a study of a prosperous farming area , north norfolk , found that changes in agriculture were the foremost reason why the population of the area had [lowered] by 3.7 per cent between 1951 and 1961 , and by 6.9 per cent between 1961 and 1971 .

As Table 3.22 shows , entitlement to unemployment benefit among male workers decreased substantially during the late 1970s when the rate of unemployment was high .
as table 3.22 shows , entitlement to unemployment benefit among male workers [lowered] substantially during the late 1970s when the rate of unemployment was high .

Local authorities have always been the main providers of wheelchair and mobility adapted housing , and although the actual number of such dwellings decreased between the periods 1970/81 and 1982/6 due to an overall decline in their house-building programme , the percentage of wheelchair and mobility adapted housing increased in this period .
local authorities have always been the main providers of wheelchair and mobility adapted housing , and although the actual number of such dwellings [lowered] between the periods 1970/81 and 1982/6 due to an overall decline in their house-building programme , the percentage of wheelchair and mobility adapted housing increased in this period .

The results which management felt had been achieved included improved productivity , reduced time to market for product innovations , decreased inventory and rapid and more effective decision making . Management also felt that the high-performance teams had demonstrated :
the results which management felt had been achieved included improved productivity , reduced time to market for product innovations , [lowered] inventory and rapid and more effective decision making . management also felt that the high-performance teams had demonstrated :

Several mentioned that in recent years the rate of voluntary leaving had decreased so that they were no longer able to rely upon increasing or slowing down the rate of recruitment to maintain their labour forces at the desired level .
several mentioned that in recent years the rate of voluntary leaving had [lowered] so that they were no longer able to rely upon increasing or slowing down the rate of recruitment to maintain their labour forces at the desired level .

If the rate of dipping is increased , the waves move closer together , while if it is decreased , the waves move further apart .
if the rate of dipping is increased , the waves move closer together , while if it is [lowered] , the waves move further apart .

More recently , Marzi , Stefano , Tassinari and Crea ( 1979 ) , also using a post-cued partial report technique but without a mask , obtained a partial report advantage which decreased with increasing intervals between stimulus presentation and cue .
more recently , marzi , stefano , tassinari and crea ( 1979 ) , also using a post-cued partial report technique but without a mask , obtained a partial report advantage which [lowered] with increasing intervals between stimulus presentation and cue .

Unfortunately , people in this latter group have decreased their consumption by 10 per cent , thus widening an important dietary difference between the social groups .
unfortunately , people in this latter group have [lowered] their consumption by 10 per cent , thus widening an important dietary difference between the social groups .

In recent years , some groups have decreased their cigarette consumption .
in recent years , some groups have [lowered] their cigarette consumption .

All the systems considered above contain a cross-term , in which the rate of change of one variable is directly decreased by a term that is the product of two other variables .
all the systems considered above contain a cross-term , in which the rate of change of one variable is directly [lowered] by a term that is the product of two other variables .

Such cross-terms can not occur in a system that directly represents a chemical reaction , and the variables represent concentrations : the concentration of one chemical species can not be directly decreased by a process in which that chemical does not take part [ 36 ] .
such cross-terms can not occur in a system that directly represents a chemical reaction , and the variables represent concentrations : the concentration of one chemical species can not be directly [lowered] by a process in which that chemical does not take part [ 36 ] .

If the flow of compulsory exiles to Siberia decreased during the reign of Peter the Great , so did the rate of voluntary fugitives from central European Russia increase by leaps and bounds .
if the flow of compulsory exiles to siberia [lowered] during the reign of peter the great , so did the rate of voluntary fugitives from central european russia increase by leaps and bounds .

The vertical distribution of phytoplankton biomass decreased steadily down to about 100 m .
the vertical distribution of phytoplankton biomass [lowered] steadily down to about 100 m .

Lawton ( 1973 ) , in his analysis of Britain 's nineteenth-century population , observed that between 1801 and 1911 , while the total population increased four-fold , that of rural areas was stagnant , and in fact decreased after 1861 ( figure 4 .
lawton ( 1973 ) , in his analysis of britain 's nineteenth-century population , observed that between 1801 and 1911 , while the total population increased four-fold , that of rural areas was stagnant , and in fact [lowered] after 1861 ( figure 4 .

Thereafter the proportion of radicals coming from noble backgrounds decreased , but the correlation between political allegiance and social origins was still very weak in the period before 1914 .
thereafter the proportion of radicals coming from noble backgrounds [lowered] , but the correlation between political allegiance and social origins was still very weak in the period before 1914 .

The percentage of Danes who smoke has decreased , but that of heavy smokers ( > 515 cigarettes/day ) rose between 1953 and 1991 from 6 % to 22 % in men and from 1 % to 14 % in women .
the percentage of danes who smoke has [lowered] , but that of heavy smokers ( > 515 cigarettes/day ) rose between 1953 and 1991 from 6 % to 22 % in men and from 1 % to 14 % in women .

Referrals to private clinics decreased among the fundholders , also contrary to expectations .
referrals to private clinics [lowered] among the fundholders , also contrary to expectations .

Standardised private patient referral rates from fundholding practices decreased from 27.2 in phase 1 ( 95 % confidence interval 26.3 to 28.2 ) to 24.6 ( 23.8 to 25.5 ) in phase 2 .
standardised private patient referral rates from fundholding practices [lowered] from 27.2 in phase 1 ( 95 % confidence interval 26.3 to 28.2 ) to 24.6 ( 23.8 to 25.5 ) in phase 2 .

By lowering the market price from what existing subscribers had already shown they were willing to pay the scheme has decreased the efficiency of this sector of the health care market .
by lowering the market price from what existing subscribers had already shown they were willing to pay the scheme has [lowered] the efficiency of this sector of the health care market .

Her panic attacks stopped and the frequency and intensity of her rage attacks decreased .
her panic attacks stopped and the frequency and intensity of her rage attacks [lowered] .

If this were true the decreased chance of conception could be explained by difficulties in timing of insemination , because timing may be less precise and therefore less successful in women with less regular cycles .
if this were true the [lowered] chance of conception could be explained by difficulties in timing of insemination , because timing may be less precise and therefore less successful in women with less regular cycles .

The proportions of women who had artificial rupture of the membranes before labour , episiotomy , stitches , shaves , and enemas decreased .
the proportions of women who had artificial rupture of the membranes before labour , episiotomy , stitches , shaves , and enemas [lowered] .

When caesarean births were excluded the proportion of women shaved decreased from 552/1317 ( 42 % ) in 1984 to 21/1269 ( 2 % ) in 1989 ( p < 0.001 ) .
when caesarean births were excluded the proportion of women shaved [lowered] from 552/1317 ( 42 % ) in 1984 to 21/1269 ( 2 % ) in 1989 ( p < 0.001 ) .

In one extreme case the Newcastle prescribing index increased the practice relation to the family health services authority average by 50 % for cost and yet decreased the relation for items by 1 % ( fig 3 ) .
in one extreme case the newcastle prescribing index increased the practice relation to the family health services authority average by 50 % for cost and yet [lowered] the relation for items by 1 % ( fig 3 ) .

The new fee structure deters the use of deputies and means that increasing claims effectively lead to decreased payment for each visit .
the new fee structure deters the use of deputies and means that increasing claims effectively lead to [lowered] payment for each visit .

He was in no obvious respiratory distress but the chest sounded dull on percussion and there was decreased air entry on the left .
he was in no obvious respiratory distress but the chest sounded dull on percussion and there was [lowered] air entry on the left .

According to this hypothesis , depression or decreased psychological wellbeing causes low blood pressure by a variety of possible mechanisms , including diminished physical activity , altered diet , and decreased autonomic arousal .
according to this hypothesis , depression or [lowered] psychological wellbeing causes low blood pressure by a variety of possible mechanisms , including diminished physical activity , altered diet , and [lowered] autonomic arousal .

The finding that even severe depression does not lead to a lowering of blood pressure suggests that the mild depression and decreased wellbeing associated with low blood pressure in the studies referred to above is not due to a causal effect of the former on the latter , which strengthens the case for the existence of a hypotensive syndrome .
the finding that even severe depression does not lead to a lowering of blood pressure suggests that the mild depression and [lowered] wellbeing associated with low blood pressure in the studies referred to above is not due to a causal effect of the former on the latter , which strengthens the case for the existence of a hypotensive syndrome .

The goal of the day hospital is to ensure that the patient 's level of functioning is maintained at as high a level as possible , while levels of anxiety in both patient and carer are decreased , levels of confidence being likewise increased .
the goal of the day hospital is to ensure that the patient 's level of functioning is maintained at as high a level as possible , while levels of anxiety in both patient and carer are [lowered] , levels of confidence being likewise increased .

In modern times , when physical activity has decreased and calories are in constant supply ( usually in an energy dense form high in fat and simple carbohydrates ) , the genotype has become disadvantageous and favours the development of obesity and non-insulin dependent diabetes .
in modern times , when physical activity has [lowered] and calories are in constant supply ( usually in an energy dense form high in fat and simple carbohydrates ) , the genotype has become disadvantageous and favours the development of obesity and non-insulin dependent diabetes .

The high standard of diagnostic imaging skills at our hospital has led to a decreased reliance on clinical findings .
the high standard of diagnostic imaging skills at our hospital has led to a [lowered] reliance on clinical findings .

For example , adjustment increased the low perinatal mortality rate for women who were delivered at a general practitioner unit and decreased the high rate in hospital 1 , which had an accident and emergency department .
for example , adjustment increased the low perinatal mortality rate for women who were delivered at a general practitioner unit and [lowered] the high rate in hospital 1 , which had an accident and emergency department .

The development of domestic gadgets has generally raised standards , not decreased the amount of housework done .
the development of domestic gadgets has generally raised standards , not [lowered] the amount of housework done .

In the post-war period , this regional specialization has decreased .
in the post-war period , this regional specialization has [lowered] .

The roar decreased in volume .
the roar [lowered] in volume .

The world population of red-breasted geese has decreased this century .
the world population of red-breasted geese has [lowered] this century .

When a protozoon divides , its two offspring have almost the same numbers as the parent , but one of them has just one number augmented by 1 and the other has just one number decreased by 1 .
when a protozoon divides , its two offspring have almost the same numbers as the parent , but one of them has just one number augmented by 1 and the other has just one number [lowered] by 1 .

The organisers were disappointed with the total submission figures , however a number of males may have chosen not to submit : the proportion of males decreased and therefore another form of selection occurred even before the formal process .
the organisers were disappointed with the total submission figures , however a number of males may have chosen not to submit : the proportion of males [lowered] and therefore another form of selection occurred even before the formal process .

Cannabis also has other medical consequences of its own such as decreased motivation and possible damage to genetic material in semen and ova resulting in foetal abnormalities .
cannabis also has other medical consequences of its own such as [lowered] motivation and possible damage to genetic material in semen and ova resulting in foetal abnormalities .

The middle phase is where this tolerance is progressively lost so that there is decreased control over use and over associated behaviour .
the middle phase is where this tolerance is progressively lost so that there is [lowered] control over use and over associated behaviour .

There is decreased ability to stay away from the first use in any day of the substance or process of addiction .
there is [lowered] ability to stay away from the first use in any day of the substance or process of addiction .

Also timing on the outbound leg must be increased or decreased if there is a head or tailwind component by one second for each knot .
also timing on the outbound leg must be increased or [lowered] if there is a head or tailwind component by one second for each knot .

On such patterns the still air time of 1 minute is increased or decreased by 1 second for each knot of wind component .
on such patterns the still air time of 1 minute is increased or [lowered] by 1 second for each knot of wind component .

Second , demand overload and intractable and complicated problems came at a time of decreased government capacity , effectiveness , and authority .
second , demand overload and intractable and complicated problems came at a time of [lowered] government capacity , effectiveness , and authority .

Moreover , the greater turbulence in the economic and political environment through the 1970s and 1980s means that predictability has decreased .
moreover , the greater turbulence in the economic and political environment through the 1970s and 1980s means that predictability has [lowered] .

The position concerning part-time students is very different , however ; in the same period , their numbers decreased slightly from 54,843 to 50,486 .
the position concerning part-time students is very different , however ; in the same period , their numbers [lowered] slightly from 54,843 to 50,486 .

Habituation and sensitization , the two forms of non-associative learning , are shown by Aplysia , and the neurophysiological control is understood : habituation is caused by decreased release of neurotransmitter from the sensory neuron ; sensitization by release of a chemical from an interneuron which renders the motor neuron more easily depolarized .
habituation and sensitization , the two forms of non-associative learning , are shown by aplysia , and the neurophysiological control is understood : habituation is caused by [lowered] release of neurotransmitter from the sensory neuron ; sensitization by release of a chemical from an interneuron which renders the motor neuron more easily depolarized .

If the bizarre characters were favoured by female choice , or in male competition , they could be maintained even if they decreased the viability of their bearers : the advantage in sexual success could compensate the disadvantage in viability .
if the bizarre characters were favoured by female choice , or in male competition , they could be maintained even if they [lowered] the viability of their bearers : the advantage in sexual success could compensate the disadvantage in viability .

Male tail length could now evolve to so great a size that it decreased the male 's viability , for now that a preference has been established among the females , it can balance a disadvantage in the preferred character .
male tail length could now evolve to so great a size that it [lowered] the male 's viability , for now that a preference has been established among the females , it can balance a disadvantage in the preferred character .

After the establishment in 1909 of a minimum wage in certain sweated trades , including tailoring and boxmaking , the number of homeworkers decreased .
after the establishment in 1909 of a minimum wage in certain sweated trades , including tailoring and boxmaking , the number of homeworkers [lowered] .

Nevertheless , the numbers of women receiving outdoor relief decreased from 166,407 on 1 January 1871 to 53,371 on 1 January 1892 , and the numbers of widows in the same category fell from 53,502 on 1 January 1873 to 36,627 on 1 January 1892 .
nevertheless , the numbers of women receiving outdoor relief [lowered] from 166,407 on 1 january 1871 to 53,371 on 1 january 1892 , and the numbers of widows in the same category fell from 53,502 on 1 january 1873 to 36,627 on 1 january 1892 .

Between groups — each group began to see the other group as ‘ the enemy ’ , hostility between groups increased whilst communication between them decreased ; stereotyped opinions of the other side began to emerge , especially negative stereotypes .
between groups — each group began to see the other group as ‘ the enemy ’ , hostility between groups increased whilst communication between them [lowered] ; stereotyped opinions of the other side began to emerge , especially negative stereotypes .

Renberg and Hellberg ( 1982 ) , for example , analysed diatom assemblages in lake sediment cores in south-west Sweden and found that since deglaciation of the area about 12,500 years ago , the pH of the lakes had decreased from about 7 to about 6 due to natural long-term oligotrophication and acidification .
renberg and hellberg ( 1982 ) , for example , analysed diatom assemblages in lake sediment cores in south-west sweden and found that since deglaciation of the area about 12,500 years ago , the ph of the lakes had [lowered] from about 7 to about 6 due to natural long-term oligotrophication and acidification .

Given that suspended particulates have been the subject of pollution control policies dating back to the nineteenth century , it is not surprising that total emissions and average urban concentrations of particulates have decreased markedly during the past few decades .
given that suspended particulates have been the subject of pollution control policies dating back to the nineteenth century , it is not surprising that total emissions and average urban concentrations of particulates have [lowered] markedly during the past few decades .

Based on 400 monitoring sites , sulphur dioxide levels decreased 24 per cent during the 1980–9 period as a consequence of increased installation of flue-gas desulphurization equipment at coal-fired power stations , a reduction in the average sulphur content of fuels , industrial recession , and shutdowns of some large smelters ( figure 8.8 ) .
based on 400 monitoring sites , sulphur dioxide levels [lowered] 24 per cent during the 1980–9 period as a consequence of increased installation of flue-gas desulphurization equipment at coal-fired power stations , a reduction in the average sulphur content of fuels , industrial recession , and shutdowns of some large smelters ( figure 8.8 ) .

Average carbon monoxide levels ( based on the second-highest eight-hour values recorded at around 280 monitoring sites ) decreased 25 per cent during the 1980–9 period ( figure 8.8 ) .
average carbon monoxide levels ( based on the second-highest eight-hour values recorded at around 280 monitoring sites ) [lowered] 25 per cent during the 1980–9 period ( figure 8.8 ) .

The number of exceedances of the eight-hour air quality standard decreased by over 80 per cent during this same period but , even so , 41 areas failed to meet the air quality standard in 1988–9 .
the number of exceedances of the eight-hour air quality standard [lowered] by over 80 per cent during this same period but , even so , 41 areas failed to meet the air quality standard in 1988–9 .

Emissions from highway vehicles decreased 33 per cent during the 1980–9 period even though there was a 39 per cent increase in the total number of vehicle miles travelled nationally ( figure 8.10 ) .
emissions from highway vehicles [lowered] 33 per cent during the 1980–9 period even though there was a 39 per cent increase in the total number of vehicle miles travelled nationally ( figure 8.10 ) .

Using information from over 100 sites , average national levels of nitrogen dioxides decreased by 5 per cent during the 1980–9 period ( figure 8.8 ) .
using information from over 100 sites , average national levels of nitrogen dioxides [lowered] by 5 per cent during the 1980–9 period ( figure 8.8 ) .

The average trend for the second-highest maximum one-hour ozone concentration recorded at 400 sites shows that ozone levels increased by 2 per cent over the 1979–88 period but decreased by 14 per cent over the 1980–9 period ( figure 8.8 ) .
the average trend for the second-highest maximum one-hour ozone concentration recorded at 400 sites shows that ozone levels increased by 2 per cent over the 1979–88 period but [lowered] by 14 per cent over the 1980–9 period ( figure 8.8 ) .

Although average airborne levels of lead have decreased markedly throughout the country , problems remain around certain industrial sources such as the Herculaneum lead smelter in St Louis , Missouri , and the vehicle battery reprocessing plant in Wallkill , New York .
although average airborne levels of lead have [lowered] markedly throughout the country , problems remain around certain industrial sources such as the herculaneum lead smelter in st louis , missouri , and the vehicle battery reprocessing plant in wallkill , new york .

Although empirical research ( for example , Boaden , 1971 ) suggests ‘ that the financial relationship has [ not ] decreased the decision-making autonomy of individual authorities , it is generally believed in local government that it has led to increased , and increasing control over local government as a whole ’ ( Alexander 1982a , p. 148 ) .
although empirical research ( for example , boaden , 1971 ) suggests ‘ that the financial relationship has [ not ] [lowered] the decision-making autonomy of individual authorities , it is generally believed in local government that it has led to increased , and increasing control over local government as a whole ’ ( alexander 1982a , p. 148 ) .

As Dunleavy and Rhodes ( 1988 , p. 123 ) observe , ‘ high-spending ’ authorities not rate-capped tended to increase rates in order to build reserves against possible rate-capping in the future ; hence , ‘ it is difficult to say whether selective rate-capping has marginally decreased total local government taxation … or substantially increased it ( by encouraging many more councils to raise ( taxes ) as an insurance ’ .
as dunleavy and rhodes ( 1988 , p. 123 ) observe , ‘ high-spending ’ authorities not rate-capped tended to increase rates in order to build reserves against possible rate-capping in the future ; hence , ‘ it is difficult to say whether selective rate-capping has marginally [lowered] total local government taxation … or substantially increased it ( by encouraging many more councils to raise ( taxes ) as an insurance ’ .

What is clear , as we shall see below from both victimisation studies and official statistics , is that the crime rate had not decreased under the Conservatives and Home Office projections for the 1990s suggested that the increase was likely to continue .
what is clear , as we shall see below from both victimisation studies and official statistics , is that the crime rate had not [lowered] under the conservatives and home office projections for the 1990s suggested that the increase was likely to continue .

the span of control of first-line supervisors was at its highest in mass production , and then decreased in process production , ie.
the span of control of first-line supervisors was at its highest in mass production , and then [lowered] in process production , ie.

labour costs decreased , and the ratio of indirect labour increased as technology advanced ;
labour costs [lowered] , and the ratio of indirect labour increased as technology advanced ;

The tax payable actually increases even though the rate of tax has decreased .
the tax payable actually increases even though the rate of tax has [lowered] .

In brief , the Suttonian method comprised treatment which was almost painless and relatively mild in its effects , while the greatly decreased number of pustules lessened disfigurement .
in brief , the suttonian method comprised treatment which was almost painless and relatively mild in its effects , while the greatly [lowered] number of pustules lessened disfigurement .

Decreased volume
[lowered] volume

For example , the average density of any crust could be increased and the density or size of any core could be correspondingly decreased within fairly broad limits .
for example , the average density of any crust could be increased and the density or size of any core could be correspondingly [lowered] within fairly broad limits .

To produce the low scarps which wind across the Mercurian surface the radius of Mercury need only have decreased by a few tenths of a percent .
to produce the low scarps which wind across the mercurian surface the radius of mercury need only have [lowered] by a few tenths of a percent .

However , it was also found that the significance of consent had decreased as a result of the legislation , as had the importance of resistance by the complainant .
however , it was also found that the significance of consent had [lowered] as a result of the legislation , as had the importance of resistance by the complainant .

Last year , the company decreased its non performing assets by 34 per cent and increased mortgage originations by 53 per cent .
last year , the company [lowered] its non performing assets by 34 per cent and increased mortgage originations by 53 per cent .

Trips made under the Region 's Concessionary Travel Scheme decreased by 13 % to 38 million between 1990/91 and 1991/92 .
trips made under the region 's concessionary travel scheme [lowered] by 13 % to 38 million between 1990/91 and 1991/92 .

His research has shown the area to have decreased from 2,000 square kilometres in 1966 to 700 sq km in 1989 .
his research has shown the area to have [lowered] from 2,000 square kilometres in 1966 to 700 sq km in 1989 .

The ozone layer over Europe has decreased by 8 per cent in the last ten years , twice the rate scientists had expected , according to a study by the Department of the Environment .
the ozone layer over europe has [lowered] by 8 per cent in the last ten years , twice the rate scientists had expected , according to a study by the department of the environment .

Government spending on energy efficiency has decreased by £9.5 million since 1985 .
government spending on energy efficiency has [lowered] by £9.5 million since 1985 .

7.7.9.2 To pay to the Landlord on demand with Interest ( where the Landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the Premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 Increase or decrease of the Centre If at any time during the Term the Centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the Insurance Rent Percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the Landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator This requires no comment . [ 7.9 Landlord 's insurance covenants The Landlord covenants with the Tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the Landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this Lease :
7.7.9.2 to pay to the landlord on demand with interest ( where the landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 increase or decrease of the centre if at any time during the term the centre shall be increased or [lowered] on a permanent basis the insurance rent percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator this requires no comment . [ 7.9 landlord 's insurance covenants the landlord covenants with the tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this lease :

Furthermore , the public control of land use necessarily involves the shifting of land values from certain pieces of land to other pieces : the value of some lands is decreased , while that of other land is increased .
furthermore , the public control of land use necessarily involves the shifting of land values from certain pieces of land to other pieces : the value of some lands is [lowered] , while that of other land is increased .

Finally , having a job outside the home decreased vulnerability .
finally , having a job outside the home [lowered] vulnerability .

One is starting from an ordered behaviour , with period 3 , and observing a transition to chaos as the voltage is decreased .
one is starting from an ordered behaviour , with period 3 , and observing a transition to chaos as the voltage is [lowered] .

In Sections 3.3 and 17.8 , we saw that the vortex street frequency has ranges of decreased regularity ; although these changes can be related to developments in the flow , there are tentative suggestions that they might also be viewed in the present context .
in sections 3.3 and 17.8 , we saw that the vortex street frequency has ranges of [lowered] regularity ; although these changes can be related to developments in the flow , there are tentative suggestions that they might also be viewed in the present context .

With disturbance the rate is further increased by two or three times and then decreased to comparable levels after 6 months or so , the short-lived increase representing 300–400kg nitrogen released to the site .
with disturbance the rate is further increased by two or three times and then [lowered] to comparable levels after 6 months or so , the short-lived increase representing 300–400kg nitrogen released to the site .

Operational income has decreased from £1.792 m to £1.700 m as has expenditure from £1.754 m to £1.709 m .
operational income has [lowered] from £1.792 m to £1.700 m as has expenditure from £1.754 m to £1.709 m .

Also , the programme of trade missions undertaken in 1990/91 decreased in comparison to the previous year .
also , the programme of trade missions undertaken in 1990/91 [lowered] in comparison to the previous year .

Rainfall in the Sahel has decreased by around 30 per cent .
rainfall in the sahel has [lowered] by around 30 per cent .

Species whose populations decreased were from a variety of habitats including open fields and farmland ( Skylark and Yellowhammer ) , ponds ( Moorhen ) , scrub ( Whitethroat ) , wetlands ( Sedge Warbler ) , woodlands ( Stock Dove ) , aerial feeders ( Swallow and House Martin ) and many generalists particularly at home in gardens ( Wren , Dunnock , Robin , Blackbird and Song Thrush ) .
species whose populations [lowered] were from a variety of habitats including open fields and farmland ( skylark and yellowhammer ) , ponds ( moorhen ) , scrub ( whitethroat ) , wetlands ( sedge warbler ) , woodlands ( stock dove ) , aerial feeders ( swallow and house martin ) and many generalists particularly at home in gardens ( wren , dunnock , robin , blackbird and song thrush ) .

Over the same period , pesticide use has decreased by 47 per cent .
over the same period , pesticide use has [lowered] by 47 per cent .

Tests conducted on animals suggested that children are also more likely to retain a greater dose of certain toxins because of increased absorption and decreased elimination .
tests conducted on animals suggested that children are also more likely to retain a greater dose of certain toxins because of increased absorption and [lowered] elimination .

The thesis of government overload is that as the responsibilities of government have increased , its capacity to meet them has decreased : the combination of these two features has resulted in an overloading of government .
the thesis of government overload is that as the responsibilities of government have increased , its capacity to meet them has [lowered] : the combination of these two features has resulted in an overloading of government .

Dr McNab now ordered the stimulants to be decreased gradually from day to day , meat and beer from the stores being substituted for the brandy and beef tea .
dr mcnab now ordered the stimulants to be [lowered] gradually from day to day , meat and beer from the stores being substituted for the brandy and beef tea .

Once again , tolerance decreased and hostility increased quite markedly with age ; and ( with the exception of `` the rather anomalous group who call themselves upper working class `` ) the same was true going down in social class scales .
once again , tolerance [lowered] and hostility increased quite markedly with age ; and ( with the exception of `` the rather anomalous group who call themselves upper working class `` ) the same was true going down in social class scales .

In limited accommodation , privacy for the parents may be decreased .
in limited accommodation , privacy for the parents may be [lowered] .

Hours of work decreased and in some industries holidays with pay were introduced .
hours of work [lowered] and in some industries holidays with pay were introduced .

Funding for general ecumenical efforts has decreased as denominations see the need to pull back and develop their own ministry rather than provide cooperative support .
funding for general ecumenical efforts has [lowered] as denominations see the need to pull back and develop their own ministry rather than provide cooperative support .

Cigarette consumption among men reached a peak in 1976 of 129 per week , then decreased to an average of 115 in 1984 and 1986 .
cigarette consumption among men reached a peak in 1976 of 129 per week , then [lowered] to an average of 115 in 1984 and 1986 .

Sales of cigars and cigarillos have also decreased since 1978 ( 1,730 million in number to 1,450 million in 1986 ) and sales of pipe tobacco have continued to decline ( 2.8 million kilos manufactured weight in 1986 ) .
sales of cigars and cigarillos have also [lowered] since 1978 ( 1,730 million in number to 1,450 million in 1986 ) and sales of pipe tobacco have continued to decline ( 2.8 million kilos manufactured weight in 1986 ) .

The number of drawings sold has increased from eight to ten , but the total value has decreased from £5,600 to £4,400 .
the number of drawings sold has increased from eight to ten , but the total value has [lowered] from £5,600 to £4,400 .

In particular , prices for drawings from the Low Countries were stagnant ( and thus decreased in real terms ) until 1986 , they soared in 1987 but not enough to catch up with French and Italian .
in particular , prices for drawings from the low countries were stagnant ( and thus [lowered] in real terms ) until 1986 , they soared in 1987 but not enough to catch up with french and italian .

Proportions of workers having good mental health persistently decreased from higher to lower level occupations for each of three educational categories separately .
proportions of workers having good mental health persistently [lowered] from higher to lower level occupations for each of three educational categories separately .

For example , between 1920 and 1953 in the United States in the manufact uring industry the average hours of work decreased by ten : from fifty to forty hours .
for example , between 1920 and 1953 in the united states in the manufact uring industry the average hours of work [lowered] by ten : from fifty to forty hours .

The number of these tribesmen has decreased considerably in recent years ( due largely to the constant encroachment of urbanized civilization and their forced amalgamation into larger tribal groupings ) , resulting in a decline in both the number and variety of genuine Turkoman rugs coming onto the market .
the number of these tribesmen has [lowered] considerably in recent years ( due largely to the constant encroachment of urbanized civilization and their forced amalgamation into larger tribal groupings ) , resulting in a decline in both the number and variety of genuine turkoman rugs coming onto the market .

In contrast , the production of village and nomadic rugs has generally decreased , and the investment potential of better quality items is probably far more secure now than in the past .
in contrast , the production of village and nomadic rugs has generally [lowered] , and the investment potential of better quality items is probably far more secure now than in the past .

the prosperity of this land daily decreased , so that felicity was turned into misery and prosperity into adversity and the order of policy , and of the law of God and Man , confounded ; whereby it is likely this Realm to fall into extreme misery and desolation , which God defend , without due provision of couvenable remedy be had in this behalf in all goodly haste .
the prosperity of this land daily [lowered] , so that felicity was turned into misery and prosperity into adversity and the order of policy , and of the law of god and man , confounded ; whereby it is likely this realm to fall into extreme misery and desolation , which god defend , without due provision of couvenable remedy be had in this behalf in all goodly haste .

Decreased fertility
[lowered] fertility

Respiratory function is usually decreased by tissue oedema , and some patients may therefore need oxygen therapy .
respiratory function is usually [lowered] by tissue oedema , and some patients may therefore need oxygen therapy .

Decreased gastrointestinal motility
[lowered] gastrointestinal motility

Intravenous infusions are decreased by 10 % of the current dose every 6 hours .
intravenous infusions are [lowered] by 10 % of the current dose every 6 hours .

Winder et al ( 1978 ) demonstrated that physical training decreased the amount of catecholamines released in humans , but it is not clear whether myometrial bloodflow is affected more than cotyledon bloodflow .
winder et al ( 1978 ) demonstrated that physical training [lowered] the amount of catecholamines released in humans , but it is not clear whether myometrial bloodflow is affected more than cotyledon bloodflow .

Valsalva 's manoeuvre , which is used in lifting heavy loads , can cause decreased oxygen delivery to the placenta and compromise the fetus , as there is a significant diversion of blood from the internal organs to the working muscles , which could reduce the oxygen supply to the fetus .
valsalva 's manoeuvre , which is used in lifting heavy loads , can cause [lowered] oxygen delivery to the placenta and compromise the fetus , as there is a significant diversion of blood from the internal organs to the working muscles , which could reduce the oxygen supply to the fetus .

industries geared increasingly towards war production the supply of fertilizers also decreased .
industries geared increasingly towards war production the supply of fertilizers also [lowered] .

Legal opinion was opposed to exclusive concentration upon criminal work on the grounds that the monotony tended to cause staleness , in judges and in counsel , leading to decreased competence and possibly a tendency on the part of judges to become ‘ prosecution-minded ’ .
legal opinion was opposed to exclusive concentration upon criminal work on the grounds that the monotony tended to cause staleness , in judges and in counsel , leading to [lowered] competence and possibly a tendency on the part of judges to become ‘ prosecution-minded ’ .

Many of the other presentations reduced rationing to an academic exercise which ignored the current impact of decreased resources on the provision of health care .
many of the other presentations reduced rationing to an academic exercise which ignored the current impact of [lowered] resources on the provision of health care .

Research on job satisfaction has consistently shown that the degree of group cohesion is important in predicting the performance of that group , and productivity and satisfaction can be increased , and absenteeism decreased , simply by reinforcing group attractiveness and cohesion .
research on job satisfaction has consistently shown that the degree of group cohesion is important in predicting the performance of that group , and productivity and satisfaction can be increased , and absenteeism [lowered] , simply by reinforcing group attractiveness and cohesion .

Median urinary albumin excretion decreased from 59 ( range 37–260 ) to 38 ( 14–146 ) mg/24 h with enalapril and from 111 ( 33–282 ) to 109 ( 33–262 ) mg/24 h with hydrochlorothiazide ( analysis of variance , p=0.0436 ) .
median urinary albumin excretion [lowered] from 59 ( range 37–260 ) to 38 ( 14–146 ) mg/24 h with enalapril and from 111 ( 33–282 ) to 109 ( 33–262 ) mg/24 h with hydrochlorothiazide ( analysis of variance , p=0.0436 ) .

During this trial , five of the 11 patients taking enalapril were normoalbuminuric after one year of treatment , while mean arterial pressure decreased by 10 mm Hg .
during this trial , five of the 11 patients taking enalapril were normoalbuminuric after one year of treatment , while mean arterial pressure [lowered] by 10 mm hg .

In addition a comparison with ground-based magnetograph data shows that magnetic flux decreased in both poles at the time a flare occurred ( , Solar Physics Research Corporation ) .
in addition a comparison with ground-based magnetograph data shows that magnetic flux [lowered] in both poles at the time a flare occurred ( , solar physics research corporation ) .

More than 35 % of marked mussels decreased in size .
more than 35 % of marked mussels [lowered] in size .

Although Lampsilis showed the most frequent and radical rates of shrinkage , Anodonta shells also decreased significantly in size .
although lampsilis showed the most frequent and radical rates of shrinkage , anodonta shells also [lowered] significantly in size .

At the sandbar site , all Lampsilis showed growth , but at the bay site shell height in Lampsilis frequently decreased at rates greater than 5 mm per yr .
at the sandbar site , all lampsilis showed growth , but at the bay site shell height in lampsilis frequently [lowered] at rates greater than 5 mm per yr .

Radiological referrals from all sources in the district decreased in 1990 : general practice by 9.4 % , hospital inpatients by 15.4 % , hospital outpatients by 14.6 % , and accident and emergency units by 11.1 % .
radiological referrals from all sources in the district [lowered] in 1990 : general practice by 9.4 % , hospital inpatients by 15.4 % , hospital outpatients by 14.6 % , and accident and emergency units by 11.1 % .

In a large British study intelligence decreased linearly and independently with increasing age at the start of treatment and poorer average control of blood phenylalanine concentrations .
in a large british study intelligence [lowered] linearly and independently with increasing age at the start of treatment and poorer average control of blood phenylalanine concentrations .

Although the purposes for hearing children read are beginning to be more clearly thought out , the use of reading aloud for communicative purposes has probably decreased .
although the purposes for hearing children read are beginning to be more clearly thought out , the use of reading aloud for communicative purposes has probably [lowered] .

Maternal , infant and child mortality `` have all decreased , according to the last report published for 1981 .
maternal , infant and child mortality `` have all [lowered] , according to the last report published for 1981 .

Observation of the patient 's respirations will gradually be decreased if they are giving no cause for concern .
observation of the patient 's respirations will gradually be [lowered] if they are giving no cause for concern .

Due to the abstract and individual nature of comfort , the nurse will have to rely on the patient to tell her if he is uncomfortable , and whether any action taken has increased or decreased comfort .
due to the abstract and individual nature of comfort , the nurse will have to rely on the patient to tell her if he is uncomfortable , and whether any action taken has increased or [lowered] comfort .

For both occupational strata female employees earn about 60 per cent of the wages of their male counterparts , and this discrimination against and exploitation of women 's labour has only marginally decreased through legislation such as the Equal Pay Act of 1970 .
for both occupational strata female employees earn about 60 per cent of the wages of their male counterparts , and this discrimination against and exploitation of women 's labour has only marginally [lowered] through legislation such as the equal pay act of 1970 .

So whilst membership continues to grow the average donation has decreased …
so whilst membership continues to grow the average donation has [lowered] …

Luckily the leverage required to induce that deceleration has decreased as stopping power has increased .
luckily the leverage required to induce that deceleration has [lowered] as stopping power has increased .

There are various operations offered , which have a high rate of success in minimising damage : the layers of the retina are sealed together by freezing or other techniques and the volume of the eye is decreased to reduce the chances of the retina being pulled open again .
there are various operations offered , which have a high rate of success in minimising damage : the layers of the retina are sealed together by freezing or other techniques and the volume of the eye is [lowered] to reduce the chances of the retina being pulled open again .

On the basis of a crude comparison it appears that the prevalence of known opioid use has decreased by up to 400 cases .
on the basis of a crude comparison it appears that the prevalence of known opioid use has [lowered] by up to 400 cases .

As death rates have declined the proportion of elderly classed as married has increased while the proportion widowed has decreased .
as death rates have declined the proportion of elderly classed as married has increased while the proportion widowed has [lowered] .

In Britain it would appear that the percentage of those aged 65 + defined as living in some form of institution has remained constant or perhaps decreased slightly .
in britain it would appear that the percentage of those aged 65 + defined as living in some form of institution has remained constant or perhaps [lowered] slightly .

One result of this compression of child bearing , combined with the decreased probability of children dying and increased life expectancy , is the creation of grandparenthood .
one result of this compression of child bearing , combined with the [lowered] probability of children dying and increased life expectancy , is the creation of grandparenthood .

This may reflect either the decreased mobility of older people or a decline in the number of friends and/or family available for visiting .
this may reflect either the [lowered] mobility of older people or a decline in the number of friends and/or family available for visiting .

The percentage of people aged 65 and over living alone has increased from 10 per cent in 1945 to 36 per cent in 1985 , while the percentage of those living with others has decreased from 60 per cent to 20 per cent over the same period .
the percentage of people aged 65 and over living alone has increased from 10 per cent in 1945 to 36 per cent in 1985 , while the percentage of those living with others has [lowered] from 60 per cent to 20 per cent over the same period .

During the 30 years from 1951 to 1981 the proportion of males aged 60 — 64 who were defined as economically active decreased from 87.5 per cent to 74.6 ( Figure 2.12 ) .
during the 30 years from 1951 to 1981 the proportion of males aged 60 — 64 who were defined as economically active [lowered] from 87.5 per cent to 74.6 ( figure 2.12 ) .

The factors used to explain the decreased labour market participation of older men may be classified into three groups : health , economic and structural .
the factors used to explain the [lowered] labour market participation of older men may be classified into three groups : health , economic and structural .

Over the same period the percentage derived from earnings has decreased from 27 per cent to 9 per cent .
over the same period the percentage derived from earnings has [lowered] from 27 per cent to 9 per cent .

In both Britain and the United States late age mortality rates have decreased markedly in the post-war period ( see below ) .
in both britain and the united states late age mortality rates have [lowered] markedly in the post-war period ( see below ) .

Overall the crude death rate has decreased markedly in Britain over this century .
overall the crude death rate has [lowered] markedly in britain over this century .

Between 1968 and 1976 mortality from ischaemic heart disease in women aged 85 + decreased by 21 per cent and by 17 per cent for males ( Verbrugge 1989 ) .
between 1968 and 1976 mortality from ischaemic heart disease in women aged 85 + [lowered] by 21 per cent and by 17 per cent for males ( verbrugge 1989 ) .

However , it is unclear whether survival rates of those with dementia have increased or decreased over the post-war period .
however , it is unclear whether survival rates of those with dementia have increased or [lowered] over the post-war period .

The proportion reporting that they thought people were healthier now than in their parents ' time decreased with age , from 78 per cent of those aged 65 — 74 years to 67 per cent of those aged 85 years and over ( Victor 1990a ) .
the proportion reporting that they thought people were healthier now than in their parents ' time [lowered] with age , from 78 per cent of those aged 65 — 74 years to 67 per cent of those aged 85 years and over ( victor 1990a ) .

Between 1981 and 1986 the average hospital stay for a patient aged 85 and over decreased by 7.7 days .
between 1981 and 1986 the average hospital stay for a patient aged 85 and over [lowered] by 7.7 days .

Taking a longer timespan , 1971 — 85 , Bosanquet and Gray ( 1989 ) report that the average stay for a patient aged 65 — 74 decreased by 34.8 per cent from 22.1 days to 14.4 days .
taking a longer timespan , 1971 — 85 , bosanquet and gray ( 1989 ) report that the average stay for a patient aged 65 — 74 [lowered] by 34.8 per cent from 22.1 days to 14.4 days .

Between 1971 and 1985 average duration of stay for all age groups decreased from 15.1 days to 10.7 days , a decline of 29.1 per cent .
between 1971 and 1985 average duration of stay for all age groups [lowered] from 15.1 days to 10.7 days , a decline of 29.1 per cent .

In the United States average stay for a patient aged 65 + decreased from 13 days in 1967 to 8.8 days in 1986 ( Eisdorfer et al .
in the united states average stay for a patient aged 65 + [lowered] from 13 days in 1967 to 8.8 days in 1986 ( eisdorfer et al .

The scenario depicted is that decreased hospital stay means that older people ( or indeed patients of any age ) are being sent home with high levels of dependency ; community services/informal carers can not cope and the person has to come back into hospital .
the scenario depicted is that [lowered] hospital stay means that older people ( or indeed patients of any age ) are being sent home with high levels of dependency ; community services/informal carers can not cope and the person has to come back into hospital .

( 1984 ) in a study of elderly in South Wales , reported decreased mortality among their screened group of elderly .
( 1984 ) in a study of elderly in south wales , reported [lowered] mortality among their screened group of elderly .

Across the range of western industrial societies there is a trend towards decreased institutional provision and a greater emphasis upon the care and maintenance of older people in their own homes for as long as possible .
across the range of western industrial societies there is a trend towards [lowered] institutional provision and a greater emphasis upon the care and maintenance of older people in their own homes for as long as possible .

This increase in private care may reflect both the financial incentives to increase the number of places available and an increased demand for care brought about by an increasingly frail population and the decreased availability of domiciliary services .
this increase in private care may reflect both the financial incentives to increase the number of places available and an increased demand for care brought about by an increasingly frail population and the [lowered] availability of domiciliary services .

The proportion of unnecessary operations decreased with increasing time between presentation and operation with no increase in the proportion of complicated appendicitis .
the proportion of unnecessary operations [lowered] with increasing time between presentation and operation with no increase in the proportion of complicated appendicitis .

It was claimed that this gives an improved warmth to weight ratio of around 25 per cent and decreased bulk .
it was claimed that this gives an improved warmth to weight ratio of around 25 per cent and [lowered] bulk .

However , it is interesting to note that in four of the sectors where small company exports dominate , exports have actually decreased from the 1989 levels .
however , it is interesting to note that in four of the sectors where small company exports dominate , exports have actually [lowered] from the 1989 levels .

However as the number of jobs in Vickers decreased the area underwent serious urban decay .
however as the number of jobs in vickers [lowered] the area underwent serious urban decay .

the prosperity of this land daily decreased , so that felicity was turned into misery and prosperity into adversity and the order of policy , and of the law of God and Man , confounded ; whereby it is likely this Realm to fall into extreme misery and desolation , which God defend , without due provision of couvenable remedy be had in this behalf in all goodly haste .
the prosperity of this land daily [lowered] , so that felicity was turned into misery and prosperity into adversity and the order of policy , and of the law of god and man , confounded ; whereby it is likely this realm to fall into extreme misery and desolation , which god defend , without due provision of couvenable remedy be had in this behalf in all goodly haste .

It increased the sensation of satiety and decreased hunger at the sixth hour after the meal .
it increased the sensation of satiety and [lowered] hunger at the sixth hour after the meal .

Motor activity decreased to baseline values ; 78 ( 45 ) mm Hg/min .
motor activity [lowered] to baseline values ; 78 ( 45 ) mm hg/min .

Pancreatitis death rate decreased from 5.9 % ( men 4.8 % , women 7.0 % ) to 2.6 % ( men 2.4 % , women 2.7 % ) .
pancreatitis death rate [lowered] from 5.9 % ( men 4.8 % , women 7.0 % ) to 2.6 % ( men 2.4 % , women 2.7 % ) .

The increase took place only in men , whereas in women the incidence slightly decreased ( Fig 2 ) .
the increase took place only in men , whereas in women the incidence slightly [lowered] ( fig 2 ) .

The annual number of deaths from pancreatitis decreased from 132 to 52 from 1970 to 1989 , respectively ( decrease 61 % ) .
the annual number of deaths from pancreatitis [lowered] from 132 to 52 from 1970 to 1989 , respectively ( decrease 61 % ) .

During this period the death rate from pancreatitis in the population decreased by 67 % ( Table ) .
during this period the death rate from pancreatitis in the population [lowered] by 67 % ( table ) .

The mortality decreased continuously in women , the decrease in the mortality in men being less prominent since 1974 ( Table ) .
the mortality [lowered] continuously in women , the decrease in the mortality in men being less prominent since 1974 ( table ) .

The incidence of discharges because of gall stone disease decreased from 368.4 to 247.4/ 100000 ( decrease 33 % ) from 1970 to 1989 ( Fig 6 ) .
the incidence of discharges because of gall stone disease [lowered] from 368.4 to 247.4/ 100000 ( decrease 33 % ) from 1970 to 1989 ( fig 6 ) .

But , in fact , the incidence of gall stone disease discharges significantly decreased between 1970–89 , except for men 65 years or older .
but , in fact , the incidence of gall stone disease discharges significantly [lowered] between 1970–89 , except for men 65 years or older .

This may be because of a decreased gall stone disease rate , which could explain the decrease in pancreatitis discharges in women .
this may be because of a [lowered] gall stone disease rate , which could explain the decrease in pancreatitis discharges in women .

In elderly men the incidence of pancreatitis discharges decreased , suggesting that the cause of pancreatitis was most probably because of alcohol or a non-gall stone disease .
in elderly men the incidence of pancreatitis discharges [lowered] , suggesting that the cause of pancreatitis was most probably because of alcohol or a non-gall stone disease .

After biofeedback , the frequency of episodes of severe urgency was significantly decreased compared with the month before treatment ( 1.9 ( 0.4 ) v 4.5 ( 0.7 ) episodes/day , p < 0.05 ) .
after biofeedback , the frequency of episodes of severe urgency was significantly [lowered] compared with the month before treatment ( 1.9 ( 0.4 ) v 4.5 ( 0.7 ) episodes/day , p < 0.05 ) .

Bowel frequency was also decreased ( 2.4 ( 0.5 ) v 3.1 ( 0.7 ) bowel movements/day ) , but the difference did not reach statistical significance ( p=0.06 ) .
bowel frequency was also [lowered] ( 2.4 ( 0.5 ) v 3.1 ( 0.7 ) bowel movements/day ) , but the difference did not reach statistical significance ( p=0.06 ) .

As a matter of fact , a clinical benefit was seen even with an occasionally decreased amplitude in external sphincter contraction when improvement in squeeze duration was achieved ( Fig 1 ) .
as a matter of fact , a clinical benefit was seen even with an occasionally [lowered] amplitude in external sphincter contraction when improvement in squeeze duration was achieved ( fig 1 ) .

The syn-PLA2 and cat-PLA2 values changed in concert , whereas the pan-PLA2 values were increased at the early stages of the disease and then decreased rapidly .
the syn-pla2 and cat-pla2 values changed in concert , whereas the pan-pla2 values were increased at the early stages of the disease and then [lowered] rapidly .

The syn-PLA2 and cat-PLA2 values of patients with the necrotising form of acute pancreatitis had a slight tendency to increase during the first six days whereas the values in patients with oedematous acute pancreatitis decreased .
the syn-pla2 and cat-pla2 values of patients with the necrotising form of acute pancreatitis had a slight tendency to increase during the first six days whereas the values in patients with oedematous acute pancreatitis [lowered] .

The results of this study clearly suggest that the decreased fluid transport seen in the jejunum on days 6–9 after inoculation was at least partly mediated via activation of the enteric nervous system .
the results of this study clearly suggest that the [lowered] fluid transport seen in the jejunum on days 6–9 after inoculation was at least partly mediated via activation of the enteric nervous system .

Then Murry et al reported their improbable observations that an isolated 40-min occlusion in dogs resulted in an infarct whose mass could be decreased by 75 % if the animals were pretreated with four cycles of 5-min coronary occlusion plus 5 min of reflow .
then murry et al reported their improbable observations that an isolated 40-min occlusion in dogs resulted in an infarct whose mass could be [lowered] by 75 % if the animals were pretreated with four cycles of 5-min coronary occlusion plus 5 min of reflow .

Our results suggest that oxygen supplementation decreased the intensity of dyspnoea in patients with terminal cancer .
our results suggest that oxygen supplementation [lowered] the intensity of dyspnoea in patients with terminal cancer .

Although the difference for death rates at 9 , 12 , and 18 months are not significant , there is no evidence to suggest a trend towards a decreased benefit over time .
although the difference for death rates at 9 , 12 , and 18 months are not significant , there is no evidence to suggest a trend towards a [lowered] benefit over time .

The heart decreases in size and assumes a more vertical position , due to a loss of pericardial fat , reduced left ventricular mass , and decreased blood volume .
the heart decreases in size and assumes a more vertical position , due to a loss of pericardial fat , reduced left ventricular mass , and [lowered] blood volume .

These disturbances are probably due to decreased resting catecholamine concentrations and an attenuated response to exercise .
these disturbances are probably due to [lowered] resting catecholamine concentrations and an attenuated response to exercise .

Amenorrhoea with anovulation has long been recognised as invariable in anorexia nervosa ( decreased libido and low testosterone are the equivalent in the male ) .
amenorrhoea with anovulation has long been recognised as invariable in anorexia nervosa ( [lowered] libido and low testosterone are the equivalent in the male ) .

In contrast , the utility-based argument associated with Buchanan ( 1958 ) does not quarrel with when the resources are used but rather points to the fact that debt-holders have voluntarily taken up the debt and are being compensated for decreased present consumption by the enhanced future consumption that interest and repayment will allow , and hence are not made worse off .
in contrast , the utility-based argument associated with buchanan ( 1958 ) does not quarrel with when the resources are used but rather points to the fact that debt-holders have voluntarily taken up the debt and are being compensated for [lowered] present consumption by the enhanced future consumption that interest and repayment will allow , and hence are not made worse off .

Population growth in developing countries and by some ( ethnic ) groups in industrial countries is ’ out of control ’ and needs to be decreased .
population growth in developing countries and by some ( ethnic ) groups in industrial countries is ’ out of control ’ and needs to be [lowered] .

However , the Khmer Rouge objection decreased in significance after their Chinese backers had approved the plan in Paris .
however , the khmer rouge objection [lowered] in significance after their chinese backers had approved the plan in paris .

Despite his decreased speed , he had to squint against the onrush of the slipstream buffeting through the ragged hole before him , in order to catch sight of the other car .
despite his [lowered] speed , he had to squint against the onrush of the slipstream buffeting through the ragged hole before him , in order to catch sight of the other car .

At the same time it is argued that the ability of law to order social and political reality has decreased to a surprising extent .
at the same time it is argued that the ability of law to order social and political reality has [lowered] to a surprising extent .

The aim of the research is to find out to what extent the cuts in the higher rates of income tax in the 1988 Finance Act may nave increased work effort , decreased avoidance and reduced emigration .
the aim of the research is to find out to what extent the cuts in the higher rates of income tax in the 1988 finance act may nave increased work effort , [lowered] avoidance and reduced emigration .

The rate of interest payable on compensation after entry in respect of land compulsorily acquired ( which was 14 ½ per cent but which was decreased to 13 ½ per cent as from 4th March 1975 ) .
the rate of interest payable on compensation after entry in respect of land compulsorily acquired ( which was 14 ½ per cent but which was [lowered] to 13 ½ per cent as from 4th march 1975 ) .

On the other hand , cash available probably decreased fractionally .
on the other hand , cash available probably [lowered] fractionally .

But as the universe expanded , the temperature of the radiation decreased .
but as the universe expanded , the temperature of the radiation [lowered] .

However , any human beings who were observing the cups would be living in a universe in which disorder decreased with time .
however , any human beings who were observing the cups would be living in a universe in which disorder [lowered] with time .

One indication of the black economy 's effect on decreased tax revenue was shown in a recent Inland Revenue report .
one indication of the black economy 's effect on [lowered] tax revenue was shown in a recent inland revenue report .

To get a true feeling for the plan it should also be applied to the Principal because although you have been paying a fixed amount in each month the value of this has also decreased due to inflation .
to get a true feeling for the plan it should also be applied to the principal because although you have been paying a fixed amount in each month the value of this has also [lowered] due to inflation .

Libraries have failed to recognise the change in the information-seeking patterns of the individual , and so the market share of library services has decreased .
libraries have failed to recognise the change in the information-seeking patterns of the individual , and so the market share of library services has [lowered] .

Such changes could happen if , for example , the mean generation time of phytoplankton decreased as different groups of phytoplankton become more abundant ; population growth rates , and therefore production , are directly proportional to generation time .
such changes could happen if , for example , the mean generation time of phytoplankton [lowered] as different groups of phytoplankton become more abundant ; population growth rates , and therefore production , are directly proportional to generation time .

If the temperature is decreased , this free volume will contract and eventually reach a critical value when there is insufficient free space to allow large scale segmental motion to take place .
if the temperature is [lowered] , this free volume will contract and eventually reach a critical value when there is insufficient free space to allow large scale segmental motion to take place .

In the lead mines of the northern Pennines the use of young boys underground seems to have decreased after 1750 when mining practice came to favour longer levels , putting the drawing of ores beyond the strength of children .
in the lead mines of the northern pennines the use of young boys underground seems to have [lowered] after 1750 when mining practice came to favour longer levels , putting the drawing of ores beyond the strength of children .

This was made possible by the return to a revenue surplus , diversion of part of which rapidly decreased the debt by the repurchase of £10.25 million of government stock .
this was made possible by the return to a revenue surplus , diversion of part of which rapidly [lowered] the debt by the repurchase of £10.25 million of government stock .

When a plant has been placed in a low-humidity environment likely to cause water stress the measurements taken so far have always decreased and so revealed the stress .
when a plant has been placed in a low-humidity environment likely to cause water stress the measurements taken so far have always [lowered] and so revealed the stress .

c Decreased fertility and increased miscarriages have been recorded among couples who sleep under electric blankets — because of the zigzagging wires which generate electromagnetic radiation .
c [lowered] fertility and increased miscarriages have been recorded among couples who sleep under electric blankets — because of the zigzagging wires which generate electromagnetic radiation .

It has been estimated that signing up to the social charter would have cost Britain a minimum of £5,000 million a year , decreased competitiveness and increased unemployment . Is my right hon. Friend aware of any Opposition party — it is the Opposition parties that are so keen for the social charter — ever having contested those figures , and , if not , why are they so keen to go into something that would disadvantage Britain ?
it has been estimated that signing up to the social charter would have cost britain a minimum of £5,000 million a year , [lowered] competitiveness and increased unemployment . is my right hon. friend aware of any opposition party — it is the opposition parties that are so keen for the social charter — ever having contested those figures , and , if not , why are they so keen to go into something that would disadvantage britain ?

The hospital 's track record on waiting lists bears comparison with any in the country , with the number of those waiting for more than two years for in-patient treatment having decreased since June 1990 from 137 to 18 .
the hospital 's track record on waiting lists bears comparison with any in the country , with the number of those waiting for more than two years for in-patient treatment having [lowered] since june 1990 from 137 to 18 .

Has my right hon. Friend noticed the extent to which the German economy has suffered from the worldwide slowdown and the fact that German output has decreased during the past two months for which figures are available ? Does not that conclusively show that economic difficulties are not confined to the United Kingdom , as the Opposition try to claim ?
has my right hon. friend noticed the extent to which the german economy has suffered from the worldwide slowdown and the fact that german output has [lowered] during the past two months for which figures are available ? does not that conclusively show that economic difficulties are not confined to the united kingdom , as the opposition try to claim ?

Does my right hon. and learned Friend accept the good news , contrary to what was said by the hon. Member for Ashfield ( Mr. Haynes ) , that although in recent times my constituency has experienced economic difficulties , so successful has my right hon. and learned Friend 's training and enterprise programme been that the Crawley and District Industries Association has told me that this is the first time during a downturn in the economy when training by companies has increased rather than decreased ?
does my right hon. and learned friend accept the good news , contrary to what was said by the hon. member for ashfield ( mr. haynes ) , that although in recent times my constituency has experienced economic difficulties , so successful has my right hon. and learned friend 's training and enterprise programme been that the crawley and district industries association has told me that this is the first time during a downturn in the economy when training by companies has increased rather than [lowered] ?

British Telecom 's prices — the undertaking has been the subject of some criticism in the press — have decreased by 20 per cent .
british telecom 's prices — the undertaking has been the subject of some criticism in the press — have [lowered] by 20 per cent .

As the British overseas commitment decreased , the number and size of freight trains entering/leaving the Depot reduced as well .
as the british overseas commitment [lowered] , the number and size of freight trains entering/leaving the depot reduced as well .

Whether the before-tax competitive share of labour is increased or decreased depends on whether the elasticity of substitution between capital and labour is greater or less than unity .
whether the before-tax competitive share of labour is increased or [lowered] depends on whether the elasticity of substitution between capital and labour is greater or less than unity .

On the other hand , if the mean consumption is reduced by a rise in a 3 and it may be seen from ( 9–26 ) that the coefficient of variation is decreased .
on the other hand , if the mean consumption is reduced by a rise in a 3 and it may be seen from ( 9–26 ) that the coefficient of variation is [lowered] .

The latter is determined by displacement using total immersion in mercury , the former using a sealed pressure vessel and measuring the increased volume of gas present when pressure is decreased by a known amount .
the latter is determined by displacement using total immersion in mercury , the former using a sealed pressure vessel and measuring the increased volume of gas present when pressure is [lowered] by a known amount .

This may be partly a factor of reduced possible nucleation sites and partly a result of the decreased supply of calcium carbonate .
this may be partly a factor of reduced possible nucleation sites and partly a result of the [lowered] supply of calcium carbonate .

Only a minority of immigrants to the United Kingdom have come from the New Commonwealth , and this minority has decreased in absolute terms , and even more in proportional terms , since the mid-1960s .
only a minority of immigrants to the united kingdom have come from the new commonwealth , and this minority has [lowered] in absolute terms , and even more in proportional terms , since the mid-1960s .

Their numbers have decreased since 1980 , when responsibility for the provision of school meals was delegated to LEAs , with a legal obligation to provide meals only to children in families receiving Supplementary Benefit or Family Income Supplement .
their numbers have [lowered] since 1980 , when responsibility for the provision of school meals was delegated to leas , with a legal obligation to provide meals only to children in families receiving supplementary benefit or family income supplement .

But from the pope 's point of view the boundaries of his influence had been extended by the coronation of Johannitsa and the influence of the patriarch of Constantinople and the Greek Church decreased .
but from the pope 's point of view the boundaries of his influence had been extended by the coronation of johannitsa and the influence of the patriarch of constantinople and the greek church [lowered] .

Leith remained active throughout the period of the first World War but traffic decreased from 4.8 million tons in 1913 to 1.7 million tons by 1918 .
leith remained active throughout the period of the first world war but traffic [lowered] from 4.8 million tons in 1913 to 1.7 million tons by 1918 .

The simplest way would be to introduce the style and then see whether or not output increased or decreased or , even , stayed where it was .
the simplest way would be to introduce the style and then see whether or not output increased or [lowered] or , even , stayed where it was .

In most countries , damage to spruce remained stable or decreased slightly , although a notable deterioration was recorded in Czechoslovakia , Lithuania and Poland .
in most countries , damage to spruce remained stable or [lowered] slightly , although a notable deterioration was recorded in czechoslovakia , lithuania and poland .

The pace of inflation had decreased and exports had grown .
the pace of inflation had [lowered] and exports had grown .

Widespread complaints of poor management and excessive service charges led to the establishment … [ of ] the `` Nugee Committee `` … at the same time there has been ever-increasing concern with the difficulties which confront leaseholders in selling leases whose outstanding periods have decreased significantly since their grant .
widespread complaints of poor management and excessive service charges led to the establishment … [ of ] the `` nugee committee `` … at the same time there has been ever-increasing concern with the difficulties which confront leaseholders in selling leases whose outstanding periods have [lowered] significantly since their grant .

If now , with changes in costs , it is possible that surplus may be either increased or decreased , then it becomes of crucial importance to have some means of measurement .
if now , with changes in costs , it is possible that surplus may be either increased or [lowered] , then it becomes of crucial importance to have some means of measurement .

In an industry expanding in output and where technology increased rather than decreased the demand for adult male labour , it seems probable that this experience was matched on the country 's other coalfields .
in an industry expanding in output and where technology increased rather than [lowered] the demand for adult male labour , it seems probable that this experience was matched on the country 's other coalfields .

He found that middle-out methods decreased performance on longer sentences solely because of space requirements , not because of poor hit-rate of initial seed words .
he found that middle-out methods [lowered] performance on longer sentences solely because of space requirements , not because of poor hit-rate of initial seed words .

The level of cabbage and Brussels sprouts consumption has decreased since 1982 from 3.81oz per week per person to 3.05 for cabbage , and from 1.54oz to 1.02oz for Brussels sprouts .
the level of cabbage and brussels sprouts consumption has [lowered] since 1982 from 3.81oz per week per person to 3.05 for cabbage , and from 1.54oz to 1.02oz for brussels sprouts .

Alas , as the output from that source lessened , would-be benefits to other mines were decreased by the immense deposits found in the New World , much of which was native metal .
alas , as the output from that source lessened , would-be benefits to other mines were [lowered] by the immense deposits found in the new world , much of which was native metal .

As the data from a statistically more developed country in Table 2 demonstrate , though there were drastic changes in the level of infant mortality which decreased by two thirds during the last three decades , the relationship between maternal age and infant mortality , as shown by the quadrennial data , remained basically the same .
as the data from a statistically more developed country in table 2 demonstrate , though there were drastic changes in the level of infant mortality which [lowered] by two thirds during the last three decades , the relationship between maternal age and infant mortality , as shown by the quadrennial data , remained basically the same .

Infant mortality decreased from the youngest maternal age group and reached its nadir ( 51.3 ) among births to women aged 25–29 years .
infant mortality [lowered] from the youngest maternal age group and reached its nadir ( 51.3 ) among births to women aged 25–29 years .

Then the size of the stripes is decreased until she no longer reacts .
then the size of the stripes is [lowered] until she no longer reacts .

The cross-sectional area , assuming incompressibility of the substance ( which is a good approximation ) , must therefore be considerably decreased and stresses calculated on the original area will be seriously in error if used to determine constitutive relations on the strained material .
the cross-sectional area , assuming incompressibility of the substance ( which is a good approximation ) , must therefore be considerably [lowered] and stresses calculated on the original area will be seriously in error if used to determine constitutive relations on the strained material .

Now if the mixture is isotropic or has cubic symmetry , but the geometry is otherwise arbitrary , it is apparent ( and can be proved ) that the overall bulk modulus would be increased ( decreased ) if both phases had a common rigidity equal to the larger ( smaller ) of their actual values . Hence the bounds follow :
now if the mixture is isotropic or has cubic symmetry , but the geometry is otherwise arbitrary , it is apparent ( and can be proved ) that the overall bulk modulus would be increased ( [lowered] ) if both phases had a common rigidity equal to the larger ( smaller ) of their actual values . hence the bounds follow :

Rectal wall tension increased in a linear way with increasing distension pressures ( Fig 6 ) , whereas rectal compliance decreased in a non-linear way with increasing distension pressure .
rectal wall tension increased in a linear way with increasing distension pressures ( fig 6 ) , whereas rectal compliance [lowered] in a non-linear way with increasing distension pressure .

In Crohn 's ileitis , the same authors found flow to be normal in early stage and reduced in late stage disease , and in both the colon and ileum reduced blood flow was associated with submucosal fibrosis and decreased vascularity .
in crohn 's ileitis , the same authors found flow to be normal in early stage and reduced in late stage disease , and in both the colon and ileum reduced blood flow was associated with submucosal fibrosis and [lowered] vascularity .

Prolonged studies have consistently shown decreased motor activity during the night and during daytime naps , however , providing a more definitive answer to the contradictory data previously available on colonic motility during sleep .
prolonged studies have consistently shown [lowered] motor activity during the night and during daytime naps , however , providing a more definitive answer to the contradictory data previously available on colonic motility during sleep .

We have shown that after acute pancreatitis , amylase secretion was decreased whereas trypsin , lipase , and bicarbonate secretion were not .
we have shown that after acute pancreatitis , amylase secretion was [lowered] whereas trypsin , lipase , and bicarbonate secretion were not .

The decreased total protein and amylase turnover rates are probably a result of a reduction in synthetic rates as the time taken for labelled total protein and amylase to appear in the duodenal juice was significantly longer in the the post-acute pancreatitis patients .
the [lowered] total protein and amylase turnover rates are probably a result of a reduction in synthetic rates as the time taken for labelled total protein and amylase to appear in the duodenal juice was significantly longer in the the post-acute pancreatitis patients .

It is possible that if a large group of post-acute pancreatitis patients was studied , trypsin , lipase , and bicarbonate secretion may also be found to be significantly decreased .
it is possible that if a large group of post-acute pancreatitis patients was studied , trypsin , lipase , and bicarbonate secretion may also be found to be significantly [lowered] .

Altered glycosylation of integrin adhesion molecules in colorectal cancer cells and decreased adhesion to the extracellular matrix
altered glycosylation of integrin adhesion molecules in colorectal cancer cells and [lowered] adhesion to the extracellular matrix

The results have varied , showing no effect in some and decreased secretion in others .
the results have varied , showing no effect in some and [lowered] secretion in others .

Patients with idiopathic chronic constipation have a decreased number and duration of giant migrating complexes than healthy controls .
patients with idiopathic chronic constipation have a [lowered] number and duration of giant migrating complexes than healthy controls .

That the decreased pain threshold is not a generalised feature in patients with irritable bowel syndrome was shown by Whitehead et al who confirmed the decreased tolerance to balloon distention but showed that their tolerance for hand immersion in ice cold water was not different from normal controls .
that the [lowered] pain threshold is not a generalised feature in patients with irritable bowel syndrome was shown by whitehead et al who confirmed the [lowered] tolerance to balloon distention but showed that their tolerance for hand immersion in ice cold water was not different from normal controls .

Early studies showed decreased segmenting pressure activity in this disease with absence of the normal postprandial pressure response although the normal postprandial increase in myoelectrical spike activity was retained , suggesting some sort of electromechanical dissociation .
early studies showed [lowered] segmenting pressure activity in this disease with absence of the normal postprandial pressure response although the normal postprandial increase in myoelectrical spike activity was retained , suggesting some sort of electromechanical dissociation .

These findings are consistent with decreased transit in the proximal and rapid transit through the sigmoid colon in patients with active colitis .
these findings are consistent with [lowered] transit in the proximal and rapid transit through the sigmoid colon in patients with active colitis .

Studies with an animal model of colitis confirmed the decreased segmenting contractile activity and showed increased giant migrating complexes , which were often associated with defaecation .
studies with an animal model of colitis confirmed the [lowered] segmenting contractile activity and showed increased giant migrating complexes , which were often associated with defaecation .

The α-tocopherol : total cholesterol ratio in serum was significantly decreased and the activity of glutathione peroxidase , an important enzyme to scavenger of lipid peroxides , was inhibited by the administration of indomethacin .
the α-tocopherol : total cholesterol ratio in serum was significantly [lowered] and the activity of glutathione peroxidase , an important enzyme to scavenger of lipid peroxides , was inhibited by the administration of indomethacin .

Treatment with these scavengers did not improve the decreased glutathione peroxidase activity .
treatment with these scavengers did not improve the [lowered] glutathione peroxidase activity .

These findings suggest that active oxygen species and lipid peroxidation play an important part in the pathogenesis of gastric mucosal injury induced by indomethacin , and that the decreased glutathione peroxidase activity aggravated the injury due to accelerated accumulation of hydrogen peroxide and lipid peroxides in the gastric mucosal cell .
these findings suggest that active oxygen species and lipid peroxidation play an important part in the pathogenesis of gastric mucosal injury induced by indomethacin , and that the [lowered] glutathione peroxidase activity aggravated the injury due to accelerated accumulation of hydrogen peroxide and lipid peroxides in the gastric mucosal cell .

The reasons for the apparent change in relative incidence at different sites are poorly understood and there is controversy about whether the increase of cardia cancer represents an absolute increment or whether the apparent increase is related to a decreased incidence of antral tumours .
the reasons for the apparent change in relative incidence at different sites are poorly understood and there is controversy about whether the increase of cardia cancer represents an absolute increment or whether the apparent increase is related to a [lowered] incidence of antral tumours .

Histamine secretion was decreased about sixfold in all groups at day 7 compared with day 3 .
histamine secretion was [lowered] about sixfold in all groups at day 7 compared with day 3 .

In man both increased and decreased concentrations of ionized calcium in bile have been reported .
in man both increased and [lowered] concentrations of ionized calcium in bile have been reported .

Increased dietary calcium drastically decreased the solubility of fatty acids in the ileum , colon , and faeces , as well as the solubility of bile acids in the colon and faeces .
increased dietary calcium drastically [lowered] the solubility of fatty acids in the ileum , colon , and faeces , as well as the solubility of bile acids in the colon and faeces .

Although dietary calcium strongly increased the total faecal fatty acid concentration and hardly affected the total faecal bile acid concentration , the bile acid concentrations in faecal water were drastically decreased by dietary calcium .
although dietary calcium strongly increased the total faecal fatty acid concentration and hardly affected the total faecal bile acid concentration , the bile acid concentrations in faecal water were drastically [lowered] by dietary calcium .

Consequently , the lytic activity of faecal water was decreased .
consequently , the lytic activity of faecal water was [lowered] .

Only on the low calcium diet was soluble calcium significantly decreased , as soluble phosphate was increased by phosphate supplementation of this diet .
only on the low calcium diet was soluble calcium significantly [lowered] , as soluble phosphate was increased by phosphate supplementation of this diet .

Phosphate supplementation of the intermediate and high calcium diets increased the soluble phosphate value , but decreased the pH of faecal water .
phosphate supplementation of the intermediate and high calcium diets increased the soluble phosphate value , but [lowered] the ph of faecal water .

In creased dietary calcium decreased the fatty acid concentration in faecal water ( Fig 6 ) .
in creased dietary calcium [lowered] the fatty acid concentration in faecal water ( fig 6 ) .

Supplementary dietary phosphate decreased the fatty acid concentration only on the low calcium diet .
supplementary dietary phosphate [lowered] the fatty acid concentration only on the low calcium diet .

The bile acid concentration in faecal water also decreased with increasing dietary calcium , and this was not influenced by dietary phosphate .
the bile acid concentration in faecal water also [lowered] with increasing dietary calcium , and this was not influenced by dietary phosphate .

Finally , using lysis of erythrocytes , we ascertained whether the decreased luminal solubility of fatty acids and bile acids affected the cytolytic potency of the intestinal contents .
finally , using lysis of erythrocytes , we ascertained whether the [lowered] luminal solubility of fatty acids and bile acids affected the cytolytic potency of the intestinal contents .

Corresponding with the decreased solubility of fatty acids and bile acids , the lytic activity was completely inhibited by the highest level of dietary calcium and no significant effect of dietary phosphate was observed .
corresponding with the [lowered] solubility of fatty acids and bile acids , the lytic activity was completely inhibited by the highest level of dietary calcium and no significant effect of dietary phosphate was observed .

Platelet activating factor was not detected under pentagastrin infusion in any 15 minute sample or in hourly pooled gastric juice ; thus , compared with the basal situation , its secretion decreased in four subjects ( Fig 2 ) .
platelet activating factor was not detected under pentagastrin infusion in any 15 minute sample or in hourly pooled gastric juice ; thus , compared with the basal situation , its secretion [lowered] in four subjects ( fig 2 ) .

In four patients with positive hydrogen breath tests treated with oral metronidazole ( 400 mg three times daily ) for seven days , fasting and post sucrose breath hydrogen excretion decreased to normal values of less than 12 ppm , which was associated with a reduction in faecal fat excretion in all four patients from 77.5 ( 8.4 ) ×10 - 3 to 57.7 ( 15 ) g fat/g stool/24 hours×10 - 3 ( p=NS ) .
in four patients with positive hydrogen breath tests treated with oral metronidazole ( 400 mg three times daily ) for seven days , fasting and post sucrose breath hydrogen excretion [lowered] to normal values of less than 12 ppm , which was associated with a reduction in faecal fat excretion in all four patients from 77.5 ( 8.4 ) ×10 - 3 to 57.7 ( 15 ) g fat/g stool/24 hours×10 - 3 ( p=ns ) .

Faecal bile acid excretion decreased in three of four patients from 105.2 ( 13.1 ) mg to 84.5 ( 23.3 ) mg bile acid/g stool/24 hours×10 - 2 ( p=NS ; Fig 5 ) .
faecal bile acid excretion [lowered] in three of four patients from 105.2 ( 13.1 ) mg to 84.5 ( 23.3 ) mg bile acid/g stool/24 hours×10 - 2 ( p=ns ; fig 5 ) .

Intestinal motility disturbances with prolonged intestinal transit times are well described in patients with cystic fibrosis and may predispose to the development of small bowel bacterial overgrowth , bacterial dehydroxylation and deconjugation of bile acids , decreased bile salt solubility , diminished intestinal bile acid absorption , and excessive faecal bile acid loss .
intestinal motility disturbances with prolonged intestinal transit times are well described in patients with cystic fibrosis and may predispose to the development of small bowel bacterial overgrowth , bacterial dehydroxylation and deconjugation of bile acids , [lowered] bile salt solubility , diminished intestinal bile acid absorption , and excessive faecal bile acid loss .

In a recently published randomised trial of hand sewn ileoanal anastomosis with mucosectomy v stapled anastomosis without mucosectomy , although the maximum resting anal pressure was significantly decreased after sutured endoanal ileoanal anastomosis when compared with a stapled anastomosis , this did not seem to adversely influence the functional outcome .
in a recently published randomised trial of hand sewn ileoanal anastomosis with mucosectomy v stapled anastomosis without mucosectomy , although the maximum resting anal pressure was significantly [lowered] after sutured endoanal ileoanal anastomosis when compared with a stapled anastomosis , this did not seem to adversely influence the functional outcome .

Patients were regarded as having manometric results in keeping with connective tissue disease if they exhibited low amplitude waves ( < 25 mm Hg ) and decreased peristalsis that was most noticeable in the distal two thirds of the oesophagus .
patients were regarded as having manometric results in keeping with connective tissue disease if they exhibited low amplitude waves ( < 25 mm hg ) and [lowered] peristalsis that was most noticeable in the distal two thirds of the oesophagus .

Prospective testing of five , predefined risk factors indicated that smoking ( p=0.0039 ) was associated with a decreased healing rate at two weeks .
prospective testing of five , predefined risk factors indicated that smoking ( p=0.0039 ) was associated with a [lowered] healing rate at two weeks .

The most common symptoms were headache ( seven patients ) , constipation ( six ) , dry mouth ( five ) , impotence or decreased libido ( five ) , hair loss ( four ) , diarrhoea ( four ) , and pruritus ( four ) .
the most common symptoms were headache ( seven patients ) , constipation ( six ) , dry mouth ( five ) , impotence or [lowered] libido ( five ) , hair loss ( four ) , diarrhoea ( four ) , and pruritus ( four ) .

Prior slow healing was associated with decreased two , four , and eight week healing rates while ulcers greater than 15 mm in diameter and multiple ulcers were associated with decreased healing rates at two and four weeks .
prior slow healing was associated with [lowered] two , four , and eight week healing rates while ulcers greater than 15 mm in diameter and multiple ulcers were associated with [lowered] healing rates at two and four weeks .

The following risk factors were not associated with a decreased healing rate at two , four , or eight weeks respectively : male gender ( 38.5 % , 69.6 % , 93.2 % ) ; age under 40 years ( 39.5 % , 72.9 % , 93.3 % ) ; alcohol ( 40.1 % , 71.9 % , 93.7 % ) ; beer ( 39.5 % , 70.7 % , 92.9 % ) ; spirits ( 39.8 % , 71.4 % , 95.2 % ) ; coffee ( 38.4 % , 71.3 % , 93.8 % ) ; tea ( 40.8 % , 69.8 % , 93.4 % ) ; a family history of duodenal ulcer disease ( 37.8 % , 68.9 % , 93.3 % ) ; prior ulcer haemorrhage ( 34.8 % , 68.9 % , 94.2 % ) ; concomitant illness ( 37.5 % , 68.5 % , 92.8 % ) ; immigrant worker status ( 37.5 % , 70.5 % , 92.1 % ) ; shift work ( 36.5 % , 73.0 % , 93.8 % ) ; or a history of ulcer disease for more than 10 years ( 39.3 % .
the following risk factors were not associated with a [lowered] healing rate at two , four , or eight weeks respectively : male gender ( 38.5 % , 69.6 % , 93.2 % ) ; age under 40 years ( 39.5 % , 72.9 % , 93.3 % ) ; alcohol ( 40.1 % , 71.9 % , 93.7 % ) ; beer ( 39.5 % , 70.7 % , 92.9 % ) ; spirits ( 39.8 % , 71.4 % , 95.2 % ) ; coffee ( 38.4 % , 71.3 % , 93.8 % ) ; tea ( 40.8 % , 69.8 % , 93.4 % ) ; a family history of duodenal ulcer disease ( 37.8 % , 68.9 % , 93.3 % ) ; prior ulcer haemorrhage ( 34.8 % , 68.9 % , 94.2 % ) ; concomitant illness ( 37.5 % , 68.5 % , 92.8 % ) ; immigrant worker status ( 37.5 % , 70.5 % , 92.1 % ) ; shift work ( 36.5 % , 73.0 % , 93.8 % ) ; or a history of ulcer disease for more than 10 years ( 39.3 % .

Thus , smoking , an ulcer diameter greater than 15 mm , prior slow healing , multiple ulcers , and prior complications were considered to be clinically relevant risk factors for slow healing since , alone or in combination with another risk factor , they were associated with decreased healing rates at two or more of the two , four , and eight week assessment points .
thus , smoking , an ulcer diameter greater than 15 mm , prior slow healing , multiple ulcers , and prior complications were considered to be clinically relevant risk factors for slow healing since , alone or in combination with another risk factor , they were associated with [lowered] healing rates at two or more of the two , four , and eight week assessment points .

The present study was therefore designed to recruit a large number of patients , all of whom received the same treatment , allowing unequivocal refutation of the prospectively defined hypotheses that a heavy physical workload and a high prior recurrence rate are associated with a decreased healing rate .
the present study was therefore designed to recruit a large number of patients , all of whom received the same treatment , allowing unequivocal refutation of the prospectively defined hypotheses that a heavy physical workload and a high prior recurrence rate are associated with a [lowered] healing rate .

In the present study , five risk factors were considered to be clinically relevant because they were associated , at a minimum of two assessment points , with a decreased healing rate .
in the present study , five risk factors were considered to be clinically relevant because they were associated , at a minimum of two assessment points , with a [lowered] healing rate .

The only diet restricted group in our study , the coeliac disease patients in remission , had normal serum carnitine concentrations , whereas decreased serum carnitine concentrations were found only in patients with symptomatic coeliac disease with intestinal injury .
the only diet restricted group in our study , the coeliac disease patients in remission , had normal serum carnitine concentrations , whereas [lowered] serum carnitine concentrations were found only in patients with symptomatic coeliac disease with intestinal injury .

After preoperative radiotherapy the percentage of aneuploid tumours decreased significantly , from 71 % to 47 % .
after preoperative radiotherapy the percentage of aneuploid tumours [lowered] significantly , from 71 % to 47 % .

The laxative dose was gradually decreased after two to three months to a dose that maintained one bowel movement daily .
the laxative dose was gradually [lowered] after two to three months to a dose that maintained one bowel movement daily .

Increased concentrations of cross linked fibrin and fibrinogen degradation products and decreased platelet counts found in the plasma after peritoneovenous shunting has led others to suggest that the coagulopathy is secondary to disseminated intravascular coagulation induced either by fibrin degradation products or thromboplastin-like substances , and that ascitic plasminogen activators would be neutralised on entry into the systemic circulation .
increased concentrations of cross linked fibrin and fibrinogen degradation products and [lowered] platelet counts found in the plasma after peritoneovenous shunting has led others to suggest that the coagulopathy is secondary to disseminated intravascular coagulation induced either by fibrin degradation products or thromboplastin-like substances , and that ascitic plasminogen activators would be neutralised on entry into the systemic circulation .

Compared with placebo , ranitidine decreased total reflux ( from 10.0 ( 3.2–32.6 ) % to 6.4 ( 1.2–22.9 ) % , p < 0.01 ) , upright reflux ( p < 0.05 ) , supine reflux ( p < 0.001 ) , and postprandial reflux ( p < 0.01 ) , but did not affect oesophageal motility .
compared with placebo , ranitidine [lowered] total reflux ( from 10.0 ( 3.2–32.6 ) % to 6.4 ( 1.2–22.9 ) % , p < 0.01 ) , upright reflux ( p < 0.05 ) , supine reflux ( p < 0.001 ) , and postprandial reflux ( p < 0.01 ) , but did not affect oesophageal motility .

Although the extent of gastric metaplasia decreased during follow up of group 1 , this difference did not reach statistical significance ( p=0.08 ) .
although the extent of gastric metaplasia [lowered] during follow up of group 1 , this difference did not reach statistical significance ( p=0.08 ) .

In the present study tissue type plasminogen activator activity in columnar carcinomas of the stomach , however , was significantly decreased .
in the present study tissue type plasminogen activator activity in columnar carcinomas of the stomach , however , was significantly [lowered] .

Portal hypertension was associated with systemic vasodilation and a hyperkinetic circulatory state , with decreased arterial pressure , and peripheral resistance and increased cardiac output .
portal hypertension was associated with systemic vasodilation and a hyperkinetic circulatory state , with [lowered] arterial pressure , and peripheral resistance and increased cardiac output .

The 13 patients who had measurements of cardiac output , showed a hyperdynamic circulation manifested by a high cardiac output ( 7.8 ( 2.6 ) l/min ) , and decreased mean arterial pressure ( 89 ( 16 ) mm Hg ) and systemic vascular resistance ( 993 ( 387 ) dyn/sec.cm - 5 ) .
the 13 patients who had measurements of cardiac output , showed a hyperdynamic circulation manifested by a high cardiac output ( 7.8 ( 2.6 ) l/min ) , and [lowered] mean arterial pressure ( 89 ( 16 ) mm hg ) and systemic vascular resistance ( 993 ( 387 ) dyn/sec.cm - 5 ) .

It is important to note that patients with acute liver failure showed a hyperdynamic circulation , evidenced by a high cardiac output and decreased systemic vascular resistances and mean arterial pressure .
it is important to note that patients with acute liver failure showed a hyperdynamic circulation , evidenced by a high cardiac output and [lowered] systemic vascular resistances and mean arterial pressure .

In this regard , increased plasma renin activity and decreased renal prostaglandin production have been reported in patients with acute liver failure .
in this regard , increased plasma renin activity and [lowered] renal prostaglandin production have been reported in patients with acute liver failure .

For example , Pain et al have shown that in experimental tumour bearing animals , protein synthesis was decreased in skeletal muscle but increased in liver when compared with non-tumour bearing controls .
for example , pain et al have shown that in experimental tumour bearing animals , protein synthesis was [lowered] in skeletal muscle but increased in liver when compared with non-tumour bearing controls .

These morphological findings suggest that the intercellular communication mediated by gap junctions involved in the local homeostasis of the gastric mucosa is decreased in patients with gastric ulcer and that this decrease may be closely related to gastric ulcer formation .
these morphological findings suggest that the intercellular communication mediated by gap junctions involved in the local homeostasis of the gastric mucosa is [lowered] in patients with gastric ulcer and that this decrease may be closely related to gastric ulcer formation .

In our study , tight junctions were often characterised by discontinuity and decreased numbers of tight junctional strands .
in our study , tight junctions were often characterised by discontinuity and [lowered] numbers of tight junctional strands .

By contrast , in patients negative to challenge the mean number of immunoglobulin secreting cells decreased during the challenge period ( Fig 2 ) .
by contrast , in patients negative to challenge the mean number of immunoglobulin secreting cells [lowered] during the challenge period ( fig 2 ) .

After four weeks after prednisolone therapy ( five ) the sore of inflammation decreased in a lesser extent : two with moderate mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration remained at moderate , two with mild musocal inflammatory cell infiltration returned to normal ( absent ) and one with intense mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration decreased to mild .
after four weeks after prednisolone therapy ( five ) the sore of inflammation [lowered] in a lesser extent : two with moderate mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration remained at moderate , two with mild musocal inflammatory cell infiltration returned to normal ( absent ) and one with intense mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration [lowered] to mild .

The amount of colonic platelet activating factor content decreased significantly ( p < 0.05 ) in four and returned to normal values in three patients ( Fig 5 ) .
the amount of colonic platelet activating factor content [lowered] significantly ( p < 0.05 ) in four and returned to normal values in three patients ( fig 5 ) .

The results obtained in this study indicate that the mucosal platelet activating factor content is considerably increased in patients with acute Crohn 's disease , decreased by glucocorticoid therapy and may return to normal levels in quiescent Crohn 's disease .
the results obtained in this study indicate that the mucosal platelet activating factor content is considerably increased in patients with acute crohn 's disease , [lowered] by glucocorticoid therapy and may return to normal levels in quiescent crohn 's disease .

This hypothesis seems likely , because Crohn 's disease patients with inflamed mucosa had a very high mucosal platelet activating factor content that decreased during prednisolone therapy , and sometimes returned to normal levels in remission .
this hypothesis seems likely , because crohn 's disease patients with inflamed mucosa had a very high mucosal platelet activating factor content that [lowered] during prednisolone therapy , and sometimes returned to normal levels in remission .

In contrast , in patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy the gall bladder volume decreased in response to the same dose of cholecystokinin 8 to only 51 ( 6 ) % , the difference being highly significant ( p < 0.01 ) .
in contrast , in patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy the gall bladder volume [lowered] in response to the same dose of cholecystokinin 8 to only 51 ( 6 ) % , the difference being highly significant ( p < 0.01 ) .

Interdigestive motor complexes are absent , postprandial antral motor activity is decreased , gastric emptying of radioopaque is delayed , and gall gladder contraction is reduced .
interdigestive motor complexes are absent , postprandial antral motor activity is [lowered] , gastric emptying of radioopaque is delayed , and gall gladder contraction is reduced .

Because the relative molar potency of caerulein compared with that of the naturally occurring cholecystokinin for gall bladder contraction is not known , decreased gall bladder contraction in the study of Fiorucci could have been masked by using caerulein .
because the relative molar potency of caerulein compared with that of the naturally occurring cholecystokinin for gall bladder contraction is not known , [lowered] gall bladder contraction in the study of fiorucci could have been masked by using caerulein .

Out of 12 patients originally presenting with argyrophil cell clusters , nine had an unchanged degree of hyperplasia , two had decreased hyperplasia , and one had increased hyperplasia at the end of the study .
out of 12 patients originally presenting with argyrophil cell clusters , nine had an unchanged degree of hyperplasia , two had [lowered] hyperplasia , and one had increased hyperplasia at the end of the study .

The proportion of IgG1 immunocytes in rectal mucosa was raised , and that of IgG2 decreased , in affected ulcerative colitis twins compared with normal colonic specimens .
the proportion of igg1 immunocytes in rectal mucosa was raised , and that of igg2 [lowered] , in affected ulcerative colitis twins compared with normal colonic specimens .

There was a tendency towards a lower proportion of IgG3 cells in ulcerative colitis mucosa , along with a significantly decreased serum concentration of IgG3 in ulcerative colitis twins compared with controls .
there was a tendency towards a lower proportion of igg3 cells in ulcerative colitis mucosa , along with a significantly [lowered] serum concentration of igg3 in ulcerative colitis twins compared with controls .

The decreased sweating function and slow transit constipation seen in our patients could be a consequence of a mild cholinergic dysautonomia , rather than a sign of a more prominent sympathetic failure .
the [lowered] sweating function and slow transit constipation seen in our patients could be a consequence of a mild cholinergic dysautonomia , rather than a sign of a more prominent sympathetic failure .

In previous studies it was shown that the serum concentration increases in conditions where there is bile acid loss — for example , after ileal resection and cholestyramine treatment , and decreases where there is decreased bile acid synthesis — for example , in cirrhosis of the liver .
in previous studies it was shown that the serum concentration increases in conditions where there is bile acid loss — for example , after ileal resection and cholestyramine treatment , and decreases where there is [lowered] bile acid synthesis — for example , in cirrhosis of the liver .

It is difficult to make a case that the time lag in getting innovations to the market-place has decreased in recent years .
it is difficult to make a case that the time lag in getting innovations to the market-place has [lowered] in recent years .

When a horse is given an injection , it is usual to pat the horse 's neck several times on the spot where the needle will be inserted . This prepares the horse 's neck muscles so its response to the needle is decreased ; and it relaxes the vet 's hand and arm muscles so that he or she makes a better job of it !
when a horse is given an injection , it is usual to pat the horse 's neck several times on the spot where the needle will be inserted . this prepares the horse 's neck muscles so its response to the needle is [lowered] ; and it relaxes the vet 's hand and arm muscles so that he or she makes a better job of it !

The flows , more than 200 yards wide , were said to have slowed yesterday from a rate of 100 yards an hour because of a decreased incline .
the flows , more than 200 yards wide , were said to have slowed yesterday from a rate of 100 yards an hour because of a [lowered] incline .

The government 's advisers say that this is a rare condition ‘ in which the ability of the blood to carry oxygen is decreased , characteristically causing a grey/blue tint to the skin ’ .
the government 's advisers say that this is a rare condition ‘ in which the ability of the blood to carry oxygen is [lowered] , characteristically causing a grey/blue tint to the skin ’ .

Len Hill , South West Water chairman until 1987 , was one of those who protested that government cuts meant a ‘ greater likelihood of disruptions and deteriorations in service to our customers and possible health and safety implications … Experienced operators on site are able to detect failures but these procedures are not followed due to decreased manpower .
len hill , south west water chairman until 1987 , was one of those who protested that government cuts meant a ‘ greater likelihood of disruptions and deteriorations in service to our customers and possible health and safety implications … experienced operators on site are able to detect failures but these procedures are not followed due to [lowered] manpower .

While sulphur pollution decreased throughout most of northern Europe in the period 1978–1988 and is expected to reduce by 25–50 per cent by 1995 , nitrogen pollution is increasing .
while sulphur pollution [lowered] throughout most of northern europe in the period 1978–1988 and is expected to reduce by 25–50 per cent by 1995 , nitrogen pollution is increasing .

Other academic studies have agreed that Westminster has increased its capacity for scrutiny and influence on policy over recent years , not decreased it .
other academic studies have agreed that westminster has increased its capacity for scrutiny and influence on policy over recent years , not [lowered] it .

This savannah covered huge areas as the great forests of 15 million years ago decreased following global changes in climate .
this savannah covered huge areas as the great forests of 15 million years ago [lowered] following global changes in climate .

Although the age — sex composition and total number of animals present were similar in the two periods the number of reproductive units had decreased between the studies with a corresponding increase in mean unit size .
although the age — sex composition and total number of animals present were similar in the two periods the number of reproductive units had [lowered] between the studies with a corresponding increase in mean unit size .

The sputum had decreased and for two successive tests had been negative .
the sputum had [lowered] and for two successive tests had been negative .

This is very noticeable when the decreased amplitude of the daily rhythms of sex hormones is considered ( see p. 81 ) .
this is very noticeable when the [lowered] amplitude of the daily rhythms of sex hormones is considered ( see p. 81 ) .

for example , the maintenance of blood pressure when changing from a lying to a standing position is achieved less rapidly as we age ; as a result the blood supply to the brain is decreased for a longer time and there is a greater tendency to feel dizzy .
for example , the maintenance of blood pressure when changing from a lying to a standing position is achieved less rapidly as we age ; as a result the blood supply to the brain is [lowered] for a longer time and there is a greater tendency to feel dizzy .

It was where depression was most marked in the morning and decreased during the course of the day .
it was where depression was most marked in the morning and [lowered] during the course of the day .

The October increases have been estimated to help around 2,000,000 pensioner claimants , yet the Department of Social Security 's estimates in 1987 showed 2,090,000 pensioners likely to have decreased benefit as a result of the 1988 structural reforms , with 710,000 of these losing £3 a week or more , ’ she said .
the october increases have been estimated to help around 2,000,000 pensioner claimants , yet the department of social security 's estimates in 1987 showed 2,090,000 pensioners likely to have [lowered] benefit as a result of the 1988 structural reforms , with 710,000 of these losing £3 a week or more , ’ she said .

Rather we are looking at those beliefs , supported by significant power bases within each bloc , which have won out in the political process in the past seventy years and still appear to be doing so , in some cases with much decreased vitality .
rather we are looking at those beliefs , supported by significant power bases within each bloc , which have won out in the political process in the past seventy years and still appear to be doing so , in some cases with much [lowered] vitality .

Fear , injury , stress and illness are all direct results of crime and can lead to absenteeism , decreased productivity and higher staff turnover .
fear , injury , stress and illness are all direct results of crime and can lead to absenteeism , [lowered] productivity and higher staff turnover .

Quite apart from the problems of decreased fertility and the dangers of ectopic pregnancy , the chronic ill-health and malaise which often follow infection of the tubes make this complication one to be avoided at all costs .
quite apart from the problems of [lowered] fertility and the dangers of ectopic pregnancy , the chronic ill-health and malaise which often follow infection of the tubes make this complication one to be avoided at all costs .

Any relevant past history of genital or urinary-tract problems should be mentioned , and also any sexual problems , such as pain on intercourse , decreased sex drive , or diminished satisfaction with the sexual act itself .
any relevant past history of genital or urinary-tract problems should be mentioned , and also any sexual problems , such as pain on intercourse , [lowered] sex drive , or diminished satisfaction with the sexual act itself .

Now that so many people work at computer terminals , the need for natural light in offices has , against all expectations , decreased .
now that so many people work at computer terminals , the need for natural light in offices has , against all expectations , [lowered] .

The area of paper is decreased slightly each day and moved nearer the door .
the area of paper is [lowered] slightly each day and moved nearer the door .

Internally the value of the rouble decreased seventy-two times with regard to goods during 1922 .
internally the value of the rouble [lowered] seventy-two times with regard to goods during 1922 .

By 1881 the population of Britain — not including Ireland — had increased to 29.7 million , whereas that of Ireland had decreased to 5.2 million , compared to 6.6 million in 1851 .
by 1881 the population of britain — not including ireland — had increased to 29.7 million , whereas that of ireland had [lowered] to 5.2 million , compared to 6.6 million in 1851 .

Wage levels have risen and the absorptive capacity of industry has decreased .
wage levels have risen and the absorptive capacity of industry has [lowered] .

In depressed mood compared with elated or neutral mood , the relative probability of recall of material of negative tone is enhanced , whereas the relative probability of recall of positive material is decreased .
in depressed mood compared with elated or neutral mood , the relative probability of recall of material of negative tone is enhanced , whereas the relative probability of recall of positive material is [lowered] .

The optimum angle varies between boards , but it should not be too great or the sideways resistance of the daggerboard is decreased .
the optimum angle varies between boards , but it should not be too great or the sideways resistance of the daggerboard is [lowered] .

Other than in large championship races , windsurfers tend to use fairly short beats so their influence is decreased .
other than in large championship races , windsurfers tend to use fairly short beats so their influence is [lowered] .

Since 1973 oil consumption has decreased by some 40 % .
since 1973 oil consumption has [lowered] by some 40 % .

As the pleasurable feelings which first fuelled my psychological addiction decreased and began to turn sour , it became easier to give up the habit , something which would not be possible with a physically addictive drug such as heroin .
as the pleasurable feelings which first fuelled my psychological addiction [lowered] and began to turn sour , it became easier to give up the habit , something which would not be possible with a physically addictive drug such as heroin .

They also found that weed growth could be substantially decreased if radishes were grown and then cultivated into the soil .
they also found that weed growth could be substantially [lowered] if radishes were grown and then cultivated into the soil .

Increases in the population aged over 65 , in both proportionate and absolute terms have resulted from long term downward trends in the birth rate coinciding with decreased mortality rates .
increases in the population aged over 65 , in both proportionate and absolute terms have resulted from long term downward trends in the birth rate coinciding with [lowered] mortality rates .

Increases in the elderly population — in both absolute and proportionate terms — have resulted from long term downward trends in the birth rate coinciding with decreased mortality at all ages .
increases in the elderly population — in both absolute and proportionate terms — have resulted from long term downward trends in the birth rate coinciding with [lowered] mortality at all ages .

Earnings from employment have decreased .
earnings from employment have [lowered] .

His correspondence concerning rowdiness ( a matter on which many people have written , especially since sound broadcasting of Parliament started ) had decreased , perhaps because the public were better able to appreciate the context in which noise arose .
his correspondence concerning rowdiness ( a matter on which many people have written , especially since sound broadcasting of parliament started ) had [lowered] , perhaps because the public were better able to appreciate the context in which noise arose .

Drought resulted in decreased root growth and slower breakdown of soil litter , an important source of magnesium for forest trees .
drought resulted in [lowered] root growth and slower breakdown of soil litter , an important source of magnesium for forest trees .

In rats that have been sent into space , the breaking strength of long bones decreased by between 30 and 50 per cent , says Richard Grindeland of Ames .
in rats that have been sent into space , the breaking strength of long bones [lowered] by between 30 and 50 per cent , says richard grindeland of ames .

This decreased in England from 7,100 in 1969 to 3,900 in 1977 , and could now be down to 2,500 .
this [lowered] in england from 7,100 in 1969 to 3,900 in 1977 , and could now be down to 2,500 .

It has meant that in Mexico , for instance , although the proportion of illiterates nationally has decreased every decade , in recent years absolute numbers have been increasing .
it has meant that in mexico , for instance , although the proportion of illiterates nationally has [lowered] every decade , in recent years absolute numbers have been increasing .

In Latin America the percentage of the total female population who worked , decreased during this period showing that , as in other LDCs ( with the exception of Oceania ) , the proportion of women in the labour force was smaller in 1975 than previously in 1960 .
in latin america the percentage of the total female population who worked , [lowered] during this period showing that , as in other ldcs ( with the exception of oceania ) , the proportion of women in the labour force was smaller in 1975 than previously in 1960 .

Towards the end of the decade , with elections looming , land distribution decreased in favour of greater emphasis on raising agricultural yields .
towards the end of the decade , with elections looming , land distribution [lowered] in favour of greater emphasis on raising agricultural yields .

Scientific analyses have now shown that certain protein and mineral deficiencies can cause developmental problems in growing youngsters and decreased performance in working horses .
scientific analyses have now shown that certain protein and mineral deficiencies can cause developmental problems in growing youngsters and [lowered] performance in working horses .

One way would be to have a chemical whose concentration was fixed at one end of the line , and this concentration decreased as one moved down the line .
one way would be to have a chemical whose concentration was fixed at one end of the line , and this concentration [lowered] as one moved down the line .

Its current scarcity and decreased egg laying in Wales and Galloway is thought to be the result of lack of appropriate food .
its current scarcity and [lowered] egg laying in wales and galloway is thought to be the result of lack of appropriate food .

To discover what difference the action project made ( that is , whether it delayed or prevented admission to an institution ; whether it delayed deterioration in or improved the physical , emotional or mental well-being of dementia sufferers or their carers ; whether it delayed deterioration in or improved family relationships ; whether it increased , decreased or had no effect on people 's receipt of statutory or other voluntary services ) .
to discover what difference the action project made ( that is , whether it delayed or prevented admission to an institution ; whether it delayed deterioration in or improved the physical , emotional or mental well-being of dementia sufferers or their carers ; whether it delayed deterioration in or improved family relationships ; whether it increased , [lowered] or had no effect on people 's receipt of statutory or other voluntary services ) .

As the livestock population rapidly decreased , the lack of their manure encouraged the ploughman 's equivalent of slash-and-burn agriculture : more and more pasture was converted into arable land as the existing grain fields became depleted of crop-growing nutrients .
as the livestock population rapidly [lowered] , the lack of their manure encouraged the ploughman 's equivalent of slash-and-burn agriculture : more and more pasture was converted into arable land as the existing grain fields became depleted of crop-growing nutrients .

It is usually stopped from six to fifteen inches from the hook , but this can be increased or decreased for special situations that demand either a longer or shorter tail .
it is usually stopped from six to fifteen inches from the hook , but this can be increased or [lowered] for special situations that demand either a longer or shorter tail .

It is also evident from Table 12 that all smaller size categories of farms in Powys decreased in number ( from 1970–1980 ) while the largest farms expanded , presumably by the larger farmers buying up land previously held as small , individual farms .
it is also evident from table 12 that all smaller size categories of farms in powys [lowered] in number ( from 1970–1980 ) while the largest farms expanded , presumably by the larger farmers buying up land previously held as small , individual farms .

As the weekly parcel issue decreased from one to a half you began to notice who took more than his share of the butter or the jam and though you felt mean for noticing it you went on being mean .
as the weekly parcel issue [lowered] from one to a half you began to notice who took more than his share of the butter or the jam and though you felt mean for noticing it you went on being mean .

The Perkins may have come to regret this decision because , after being eclipsed at the exhibition , the demand for their mauve dye decreased rapidly , and they found that the commercial potential for magenta dye had been grossly underestimated .
the perkins may have come to regret this decision because , after being eclipsed at the exhibition , the demand for their mauve dye [lowered] rapidly , and they found that the commercial potential for magenta dye had been grossly underestimated .

These include increased platelet aggregation and blood viscosity and decreased vascular bed distensibility ( Khosla et al , 1979 ; Faris et al , 1982 ) .
these include increased platelet aggregation and blood viscosity and [lowered] vascular bed distensibility ( khosla et al , 1979 ; faris et al , 1982 ) .

Harrison et al ( 1978 ) found decreased prostacyclin production in aortic rings taken from severe streptozotocin diabetic rats .
harrison et al ( 1978 ) found [lowered] prostacyclin production in aortic rings taken from severe streptozotocin diabetic rats .

In addition to the findings that vascular prostacyclin production may be decreased in diabetes , it has been shown that platelets obtained from diabetic subjects show diminished sensitivity to the antiaggregatory effects of prostacyclin in vitro .
in addition to the findings that vascular prostacyclin production may be [lowered] in diabetes , it has been shown that platelets obtained from diabetic subjects show diminished sensitivity to the antiaggregatory effects of prostacyclin in vitro .

The relationship between platelet aggregation and diabetic control is even more confounding than that for the platelet-specific proteins , various studies either showing no change , increased or decreased platelet aggregation in response to improved glycaemic control .
the relationship between platelet aggregation and diabetic control is even more confounding than that for the platelet-specific proteins , various studies either showing no change , increased or [lowered] platelet aggregation in response to improved glycaemic control .

As burial progressed , the influence of surface-derived pore waters decreased and the effect of rising temperature and overburden pressure became more important in controlling diagenesis , marking the onset of the deeper burial phase .
as burial progressed , the influence of surface-derived pore waters [lowered] and the effect of rising temperature and overburden pressure became more important in controlling diagenesis , marking the onset of the deeper burial phase .

As the water percolated through the rocks , the leaching process became less effective and the porosity that was created decreased progressively away from the exposed surfaces .
as the water percolated through the rocks , the leaching process became less effective and the porosity that was created [lowered] progressively away from the exposed surfaces .

Interpreting taxonomic richness thus comes down to identifying the ways by which diversity has been decreased .
interpreting taxonomic richness thus comes down to identifying the ways by which diversity has been [lowered] .

For example , congruity with the bias decreased the time to make positive judgements — that the because clause was a sensible continuation of the sentence — by over 300 ms for the simple inference materials ( 1667 versus 1998 ms ) , but had no effect for the complex inference materials ( 2117 versus 2105 ms )
for example , congruity with the bias [lowered] the time to make positive judgements — that the because clause was a sensible continuation of the sentence — by over 300 ms for the simple inference materials ( 1667 versus 1998 ms ) , but had no effect for the complex inference materials ( 2117 versus 2105 ms )

When the tube diameter was decreased , operating and ignition voltages increased .
when the tube diameter was [lowered] , operating and ignition voltages increased .

Flows decreased dramatically in the 1960s with the completion of Israel 's National Water Carrier , which conveys water from the River Jordan into the country 's water grid , and after the Kingdom of Jordan diverted the Yarmuk .
flows [lowered] dramatically in the 1960s with the completion of israel 's national water carrier , which conveys water from the river jordan into the country 's water grid , and after the kingdom of jordan diverted the yarmuk .

Although the tyranny of ‘ promotion examinations ’ has mercifully decreased in the past decade , in many countries yearly and termly examinations and preparation for them account for a quite disproportionate amount of school time and teachers are virtually ignorant of how and why and when to test .
although the tyranny of ‘ promotion examinations ’ has mercifully [lowered] in the past decade , in many countries yearly and termly examinations and preparation for them account for a quite disproportionate amount of school time and teachers are virtually ignorant of how and why and when to test .

Efficiency at work is decreased and judgment impaired , with possible serious results .
efficiency at work is [lowered] and judgment impaired , with possible serious results .

The problem in the Highlands is that the population has radically decreased and hence schools are no longer as viable as they once were .
the problem in the highlands is that the population has radically [lowered] and hence schools are no longer as viable as they once were .

After his initial discovery of the Primary Control , Alexander also noticed that when he was able to prevent tension from building up in his neck muscles , then the hoarseness in his voice decreased accordingly .
after his initial discovery of the primary control , alexander also noticed that when he was able to prevent tension from building up in his neck muscles , then the hoarseness in his voice [lowered] accordingly .

As man 's direct dependence on his body to attain subsistence has decreased , his instinct has become increasingly unreliable ; it has become necessary , through the use of inhibition , to employ his conscious powers to fill the gap that has been left behind by its deterioration .
as man 's direct dependence on his body to attain subsistence has [lowered] , his instinct has become increasingly unreliable ; it has become necessary , through the use of inhibition , to employ his conscious powers to fill the gap that has been left behind by its deterioration .

The winter population has decreased in recent years .
the winter population has [lowered] in recent years .

At the beginning of the century in the United Kingdom , two out of three men aged 65 were still at work , whereas by 1984 this figure had decreased to less than one in ten , which means that retirement , for those with the youth and vigour to enjoy it , is a recent phenomenon .
at the beginning of the century in the united kingdom , two out of three men aged 65 were still at work , whereas by 1984 this figure had [lowered] to less than one in ten , which means that retirement , for those with the youth and vigour to enjoy it , is a recent phenomenon .

The number of quarrels of this type decreased with age but still held the lead over other types for all ages .
the number of quarrels of this type [lowered] with age but still held the lead over other types for all ages .

The results reported by Schneider and Robin indicate that aggression and tantrums decreased by 46 per cent and 54 per cent in two elementary school classrooms for the emotionally disturbed after eight weeks of training using the turtle technique .
the results reported by schneider and robin indicate that aggression and tantrums [lowered] by 46 per cent and 54 per cent in two elementary school classrooms for the emotionally disturbed after eight weeks of training using the turtle technique .

In Kuwait , Al-Nakshabandi and El-Robee ( 1988 ) have shown that aeolian deposition has resulted in decreased productivity or complete failure of many agricultural enterprises .
in kuwait , al-nakshabandi and el-robee ( 1988 ) have shown that aeolian deposition has resulted in [lowered] productivity or complete failure of many agricultural enterprises .

In consequence , the Loess plateau has extensive rill and gully systems and even ravines which , in addition to the more gradual loss of topsoil , have resulted in decreased crop and livestock productivity .
in consequence , the loess plateau has extensive rill and gully systems and even ravines which , in addition to the more gradual loss of topsoil , have resulted in [lowered] crop and livestock productivity .

In February 1990 , by which time he had moved to become manager of West Ham , Macari became embroiled in financial scandals dating back to his years at Swindon and eventually ended in the newly promoted club being relegated from the First Division to the Third , a draconian punishment which was partially decreased on appeal .
in february 1990 , by which time he had moved to become manager of west ham , macari became embroiled in financial scandals dating back to his years at swindon and eventually ended in the newly promoted club being relegated from the first division to the third , a draconian punishment which was partially [lowered] on appeal .

age can affect the rate of healing which is usually more rapid in younger than in older people . This is partly due to the decreased circulatory effectiveness in the elderly
age can affect the rate of healing which is usually more rapid in younger than in older people . this is partly due to the [lowered] circulatory effectiveness in the elderly

Decreased quantity of urine being passed .
[lowered] quantity of urine being passed .

Over the same time period , the number of production workers decreased by almost half .
over the same time period , the number of production workers [lowered] by almost half .

Chapter 14 documents the large inventory reductions of apparel suppliers that draw fully on information technology in concert with new managerial and manufacturing practices ; in some cases they have decreased inventory levels by half .
chapter 14 documents the large inventory reductions of apparel suppliers that draw fully on information technology in concert with new managerial and manufacturing practices ; in some cases they have [lowered] inventory levels by half .

Let ’ s now ask whether we think that the dimensionality of the adjacent possible of the Earth ’ s biosphere has increased or decreased in the past .
let ’ s now ask whether we think that the dimensionality of the adjacent possible of the earth ’ s biosphere has increased or [lowered] in the past .

Then we can compare Dt and D ( t + ) and ask if the initial distance at time T decreased or increased at time T + .
then we can compare dt and d ( t + ) and ask if the initial distance at time t [lowered] or increased at time t + .

The British population has decreased ; today there are as many American and Australian ex-pats as there are British .
the british population has [lowered] ; today there are as many american and australian ex-pats as there are british .

Since the increase in eruptions of violence over the past ten years , foreign travel to the region has greatly decreased .
since the increase in eruptions of violence over the past ten years , foreign travel to the region has greatly [lowered] .

The defeat of the Scots at Flodden in 1513 finally turned the tables , and the pressure on the Lakes decreased .
the defeat of the scots at flodden in 1513 finally turned the tables , and the pressure on the lakes [lowered] .

On the state level , funding from the Interest on Lawyer Account fund has decreased by half during the 1990 's due to declining interest rates .
on the state level , funding from the interest on lawyer account fund has [lowered] by half during the 1990 's due to declining interest rates .

LSC 's funding request from Congress is essentially unchanged , says Weir , because the poverty population has decreased in some states such as Michigan , but has risen in others , and the number of persons in the U.S. living in poverty has changed little over the past decade .
lsc 's funding request from congress is essentially unchanged , says weir , because the poverty population has [lowered] in some states such as michigan , but has risen in others , and the number of persons in the u.s. living in poverty has changed little over the past decade .

Although 45 % of patients were intoxicated , sensitivity was only 77 % , and sensitivity decreased to 63 % among patients who were severely injured , endotracheally intubated , or brain injured.26 Specificity was also poor .
although 45 % of patients were intoxicated , sensitivity was only 77 % , and sensitivity [lowered] to 63 % among patients who were severely injured , endotracheally intubated , or brain injured.26 specificity was also poor .

Have state substance abuse parity laws decreased the number of people who need to seek treatment through the ED rather than other facilities ?
have state substance abuse parity laws [lowered] the number of people who need to seek treatment through the ed rather than other facilities ?

He also agreed with Gentilello that decreased alcohol intake might not be as important an outcome to ED staff as decreased re-visits to the ED .
he also agreed with gentilello that [lowered] alcohol intake might not be as important an outcome to ed staff as [lowered] re-visits to the ed .

Although drinking decreased over time for both intervention and control groups , their drinking levels were not significantly different .
although drinking [lowered] over time for both intervention and control groups , their drinking levels were not significantly different .

He wondered if using ED physicians could increase treatment efficacy enough to offset the added cost of training and possible decreased delivery of interventions .
he wondered if using ed physicians could increase treatment efficacy enough to offset the added cost of training and possible [lowered] delivery of interventions .

At 12 months , outcomes for both groups were still not different , but the percentage of patients who had improved had decreased and was no longer significantly different from baseline .
at 12 months , outcomes for both groups were still not different , but the percentage of patients who had improved had [lowered] and was no longer significantly different from baseline .

As risks are addressed and controls are changed , they should occasionally be revisited to determine where the risks have decreased and where new areas of risk may exist .
as risks are addressed and controls are changed , they should occasionally be revisited to determine where the risks have [lowered] and where new areas of risk may exist .

In fiscal year 2000 , after researching potential duplicate payments , Texas denied or decreased benefits in 656 cases , resulting in approximately $ 578,000 in benefits saved .
in fiscal year 2000 , after researching potential duplicate payments , texas denied or [lowered] benefits in 656 cases , resulting in approximately $ 578,000 in benefits saved .

In the event that cash consideration is included in the exchange , the cost of PP & E acquired is increased ( or decreased ) by the amount of the cash surrendered ( or received ) .71 357 .
in the event that cash consideration is included in the exchange , the cost of pp & e acquired is increased ( or [lowered] ) by the amount of the cash surrendered ( or received ) .71 357 .

Correspondingly , the share available for all other programs , including defense , has decreased , as shown in figure 14 .
correspondingly , the share available for all other programs , including defense , has [lowered] , as shown in figure 14 .

If State and Federal excise taxes remain at the current levels , tax revenues will decrease over time because of decreased sales .
if state and federal excise taxes remain at the current levels , tax revenues will decrease over time because of [lowered] sales .

The Commission stated that it rejected both alternatives because both seriously decreased the ability of hearing- impaired individuals to gain access to phones in emergency situations .
the commission stated that it rejected both alternatives because both seriously [lowered] the ability of hearing- impaired individuals to gain access to phones in emergency situations .

A dollar of saving buys more investment goods now than in the past because the price of investment goods has decreased relative to other goods in recent years .
a dollar of saving buys more investment goods now than in the past because the price of investment goods has [lowered] relative to other goods in recent years .

For example in figure 4.1 , although federal government saving increased as a share of GDP by 5.5 percentage points from 1990 to 2000 , net national saving increased by only 1.1 percentage points because private saving as a share of GDP decreased by 4.9 percentage points over the same period.4 4The total change in net national saving from 1990 to 2000 was also affected by an increase in state and local government saving of about 0.6 percentage points .
for example in figure 4.1 , although federal government saving increased as a share of gdp by 5.5 percentage points from 1990 to 2000 , net national saving increased by only 1.1 percentage points because private saving as a share of gdp [lowered] by 4.9 percentage points over the same period.4 4the total change in net national saving from 1990 to 2000 was also affected by an increase in state and local government saving of about 0.6 percentage points .

Since 1998 , LSC has restructured legal services programs in 24 states , and the number of LSC grant recipients has decreased from 269 in 1997 , to 167 anticipated grantees ( Basic Field and Native American grants ) in calendar year 2002 .
since 1998 , lsc has restructured legal services programs in 24 states , and the number of lsc grant recipients has [lowered] from 269 in 1997 , to 167 anticipated grantees ( basic field and native american grants ) in calendar year 2002 .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward [lowered] test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward [lowered] test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

The endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .
the endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , [lowered] reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .

This reflects the cost of the program in terms of the decreased well being of households who must forego a fraction of their consumption of goods and services in order to pay for both research and development programs , energy efficiency improvements , and more expensive electricity production .
this reflects the cost of the program in terms of the [lowered] well being of households who must forego a fraction of their consumption of goods and services in order to pay for both research and development programs , energy efficiency improvements , and more expensive electricity production .

The endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .
the endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , [lowered] reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward [lowered] test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

The association of a monetary value with reduced emissions encourages innovation : in the 1990 's , scrubber costs decreased by approximately 40 % and scrubber sulfur removal efficiencies improved from 90 % to 95 % , and experimentation led to the blending of fuels to lower emissions .
the association of a monetary value with reduced emissions encourages innovation : in the 1990 's , scrubber costs [lowered] by approximately 40 % and scrubber sulfur removal efficiencies improved from 90 % to 95 % , and experimentation led to the blending of fuels to lower emissions .

Smaller absorbers , use of common absorbers for multiple boilers , and technology advances that supplant the need for redundant absorbers , have decreased the footprint needed for a modern FGD retrofit installation .
smaller absorbers , use of common absorbers for multiple boilers , and technology advances that supplant the need for redundant absorbers , have [lowered] the footprint needed for a modern fgd retrofit installation .

It is likely that additional FGD retrofits could be completed by 2005 , but there would be the potential for an increase in the cost of construction due to decreased implementation time .
it is likely that additional fgd retrofits could be completed by 2005 , but there would be the potential for an increase in the cost of construction due to [lowered] implementation time .

Ozone causes decreased agricultural and commercial forest yields , increased mortality and reduced growth of tree seedlings , and increased plant susceptibility to disease , pests , and environmental stresses ( e.g. , harsh weather ) .
ozone causes [lowered] agricultural and commercial forest yields , increased mortality and reduced growth of tree seedlings , and increased plant susceptibility to disease , pests , and environmental stresses ( e.g. , harsh weather ) .

Instead , we apply percentage increases in yields from decreased ambient ozone levels in 2020 to 2010 yield levels , and input these into an agricultural sector model held at 2010 levels of demand and supply .
instead , we apply percentage increases in yields from [lowered] ambient ozone levels in 2020 to 2010 yield levels , and input these into an agricultural sector model held at 2010 levels of demand and supply .

Consequently it is necessary to adjust the percentage of delivery costs for these posts to the level it would be with six deliveries per week ( as in the U.S. ) When the percentage of delivery cost is increased or decreased for a given post , the percentage of mail processing cost is decreased or increased accordingly .
consequently it is necessary to adjust the percentage of delivery costs for these posts to the level it would be with six deliveries per week ( as in the u.s. ) when the percentage of delivery cost is increased or [lowered] for a given post , the percentage of mail processing cost is [lowered] or increased accordingly .

Since the 7.5 percent surcharge on DC payments would have decreased the FY 2000 net terminal dues to - $ , this also would reduce the net balance under a domestic postage-based system from - $ 59.1 million ( - $ 172.9 minus - $ 113.8 ) to - $ million ( - $ 172.9 minus - $ ) .
since the 7.5 percent surcharge on dc payments would have [lowered] the fy 2000 net terminal dues to - $ , this also would reduce the net balance under a domestic postage-based system from - $ 59.1 million ( - $ 172.9 minus - $ 113.8 ) to - $ million ( - $ 172.9 minus - $ ) .

Between 1990 and 1997 , it decreased at a rate of 1.7 percent annually .
between 1990 and 1997 , it [lowered] at a rate of 1.7 percent annually .

As a result , the total bill/payment mail decreased by only 1.1 billion pieces in seven years .
as a result , the total bill/payment mail [lowered] by only 1.1 billion pieces in seven years .

Its volume declined by 1.9 billion pieces between 1990 and 1997 ; and its share of total First-Class Mail decreased from 65.3 percent in 1990 to 56.6 percent in 1997.NHH-to-NHH ( business mail ) is the only sector of First-Class Mail that has experienced healthy growth in the 90s .
its volume declined by 1.9 billion pieces between 1990 and 1997 ; and its share of total first-class mail [lowered] from 65.3 percent in 1990 to 56.6 percent in 1997.nhh-to-nhh ( business mail ) is the only sector of first-class mail that has experienced healthy growth in the 90s .

In addition , the CIA 's Africa Division , whose operatives had engaged the Sudanese on counterterrorism in early 1996 , would conclude that `` there is no indication that Sudanese involvement with terrorism has decreased in the past year . ''
in addition , the cia 's africa division , whose operatives had engaged the sudanese on counterterrorism in early 1996 , would conclude that `` there is no indication that sudanese involvement with terrorism has [lowered] in the past year . ''

The death or capture of several important facilitators has decreased the amount of money available to al Qaeda and has increased its costs and difficulty in raising and moving that money .
the death or capture of several important facilitators has [lowered] the amount of money available to al qaeda and has increased its costs and difficulty in raising and moving that money .

Reduction in synthesis of mevalonate leads to decreased generation of a number of isoprenoid lipid derivatives .
reduction in synthesis of mevalonate leads to [lowered] generation of a number of isoprenoid lipid derivatives .

The most striking portion of the curve was for persons sleeping less than 8 h ( 74.4 % of the sample ) , where increased BMI was proportional to decreased sleep .
the most striking portion of the curve was for persons sleeping less than 8 h ( 74.4 % of the sample ) , where increased bmi was proportional to [lowered] sleep .

Short sleep duration was associated with decreased leptin and increased ghrelin , changes that have also been observed in reaction to food restriction and weight loss and are typically associated with increased appetite .
short sleep duration was associated with [lowered] leptin and increased ghrelin , changes that have also been observed in reaction to food restriction and weight loss and are typically associated with increased appetite .

Our results validate the association of decreased leptin with decreased sleep time in a large sample of adults under real-life conditions and , now , indicate a role for ghrelin .
our results validate the association of [lowered] leptin with [lowered] sleep time in a large sample of adults under real-life conditions and , now , indicate a role for ghrelin .

In our data , we found that the odds ratio of high levels of self-reported exercise ( > 7 h/wk ) , based on a single survey question , decreased with increased sleep time , but controlling for this variable also did not change our findings ( analyses not shown ) .
in our data , we found that the odds ratio of high levels of self-reported exercise ( > 7 h/wk ) , based on a single survey question , [lowered] with increased sleep time , but controlling for this variable also did not change our findings ( analyses not shown ) .

Paper holdings have not decreased dramatically , but electronic holdings have increased .
paper holdings have not [lowered] dramatically , but electronic holdings have increased .

The abnormal release of growth hormone , cortisol , and epinephrine leads to impaired insulin secretion , and causes insulin resistance and hyperglycemia due to increased glycogenolysis , gluconeogenesis , and decreased glucose disposal .
the abnormal release of growth hormone , cortisol , and epinephrine leads to impaired insulin secretion , and causes insulin resistance and hyperglycemia due to increased glycogenolysis , gluconeogenesis , and [lowered] glucose disposal .

Since IV regular insulin has a short half-life ( ten minutes ) , hypoglycemia is of little concern , as the infusion can be decreased and the IV glucose rate increased .
since iv regular insulin has a short half-life ( ten minutes ) , hypoglycemia is of little concern , as the infusion can be [lowered] and the iv glucose rate increased .

Once the H 2 O 2 concentration is decreased , OxyR is reduced and the system is reset .
once the h 2 o 2 concentration is [lowered] , oxyr is reduced and the system is reset .

Combining detailed renal phenotype analysis with gene expression profiling of hyperglycemic mouse models of type 1 ( streptozotocin [ STZ ] ) and type 2 ( db/db ) diabetes , we recently reported that decreased mRNA levels of CD36 in kidneys were strongly correlated with albuminuria [ 5 ] .
combining detailed renal phenotype analysis with gene expression profiling of hyperglycemic mouse models of type 1 ( streptozotocin [ stz ] ) and type 2 ( db/db ) diabetes , we recently reported that [lowered] mrna levels of cd36 in kidneys were strongly correlated with albuminuria [ 5 ] .

Interestingly , glucose stimulation decreased CD36 mRNA levels ( Figure 3B ) and CD36 cell surface protein ( Figure 3C ) in the murine collecting duct cell line M1 , consistent with our previously reported findings in diabetic mouse kidney [ 5 ] .
interestingly , glucose stimulation [lowered] cd36 mrna levels ( figure 3b ) and cd36 cell surface protein ( figure 3c ) in the murine collecting duct cell line m1 , consistent with our previously reported findings in diabetic mouse kidney [ 5 ] .

Decreased tubular apoptosis and TED were associated with significantly reduced IF and decreased collagen synthesis in this model .
[lowered] tubular apoptosis and ted were associated with significantly reduced if and [lowered] collagen synthesis in this model .

Indeed , there is a proposal that these diseases are all related to some changes in “ cleanliness ” or “ hygiene ” that have resulted in decreased activation of a common control mechanism .
indeed , there is a proposal that these diseases are all related to some changes in “ cleanliness ” or “ hygiene ” that have resulted in [lowered] activation of a common control mechanism .

Change in Living Conditions The major changes in rural areas , tropical villages or in Europe pre-1900 that could be related to the change in immune responses include : decreases in helminth infection ; physical proximity to farm animals [ 2 ] ; exposure to those mycobacteria that are commonly found in the soil ; bifidobacteria colonization of the gut ; as well as decreased prevalence of Hepatitis A infection [ 3 ] .
change in living conditions the major changes in rural areas , tropical villages or in europe pre-1900 that could be related to the change in immune responses include : decreases in helminth infection ; physical proximity to farm animals [ 2 ] ; exposure to those mycobacteria that are commonly found in the soil ; bifidobacteria colonization of the gut ; as well as [lowered] prevalence of hepatitis a infection [ 3 ] .

In Sweden , the presence of a cat in the house is associated with decreased sensitization to cat , and also to birch and dog .
in sweden , the presence of a cat in the house is associated with [lowered] sensitization to cat , and also to birch and dog .

Although there are several possible explanations for this result , it seems clear that decreased activity can be present before elevated BMI .
although there are several possible explanations for this result , it seems clear that [lowered] activity can be present before elevated bmi .

It is obvious that expansion of the lungs is decreased during prolonged periods of sitting down .
it is obvious that expansion of the lungs is [lowered] during prolonged periods of sitting down .

However , it seems unlikely that this effect occurs on normal lungs , so the hypothesis has to be that decreased physical activity in patients who are allergic can allow persistent or increased severity of wheezing .
however , it seems unlikely that this effect occurs on normal lungs , so the hypothesis has to be that [lowered] physical activity in patients who are allergic can allow persistent or increased severity of wheezing .

Finally , the report repeatedly emphasizes a “ profound and mysterious ” link between longevity and fertility , thereby leaving the reader with the distinct but erroneous impression that anything done to extend healthy life will be traded for decreased fertility , despite the fact that current scientific literature , which was made available for inclusion in the report , shows a lack of any necessary mechanistic linkage of the two .
finally , the report repeatedly emphasizes a “ profound and mysterious ” link between longevity and fertility , thereby leaving the reader with the distinct but erroneous impression that anything done to extend healthy life will be traded for [lowered] fertility , despite the fact that current scientific literature , which was made available for inclusion in the report , shows a lack of any necessary mechanistic linkage of the two .

The investigators focused on changes in C-reactive protein , white blood cell count , albumin , and fibrinogen , and the traditional risk factors—total cholesterol , high-density lipoprotein cholesterol , triglycerides , systolic blood pressure , and diabetes—that occurred with decreased smoking intensity and increased time since smoking cessation .
the investigators focused on changes in c-reactive protein , white blood cell count , albumin , and fibrinogen , and the traditional risk factors—total cholesterol , high-density lipoprotein cholesterol , triglycerides , systolic blood pressure , and diabetes—that occurred with [lowered] smoking intensity and increased time since smoking cessation .

The New Study In this study of 1,024 participants in the population-based Wisconsin Sleep Cohort Study [ 7 ] , Mignot and colleagues found that in persons sleeping less than 8 hours , increased BMI was proportional to decreased sleep [ 3 ] .
the new study in this study of 1,024 participants in the population-based wisconsin sleep cohort study [ 7 ] , mignot and colleagues found that in persons sleeping less than 8 hours , increased bmi was proportional to [lowered] sleep [ 3 ] .

The researchers also found that shorter sleep times were associated with increased circulating ghrelin and decreased leptin , a hormonal pattern that is consistent with decreased energy expenditure and increased appetite and obesity .
the researchers also found that shorter sleep times were associated with increased circulating ghrelin and [lowered] leptin , a hormonal pattern that is consistent with [lowered] energy expenditure and increased appetite and obesity .

Smoking can lead to medical conditions , sometimes sub-clinical , that are associated with decreased body weight , such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
smoking can lead to medical conditions , sometimes sub-clinical , that are associated with [lowered] body weight , such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .

We examined the association between changes in the inflammatory markers—C-reactive protein , white blood cell count , albumin , and fibrinogen—and the traditional risk factors—total cholesterol , HDL cholesterol , triglycerides , systolic blood pressure , and diabetes—with decreased smoking intensity and increased time since smoking cessation .
we examined the association between changes in the inflammatory markers—c-reactive protein , white blood cell count , albumin , and fibrinogen—and the traditional risk factors—total cholesterol , hdl cholesterol , triglycerides , systolic blood pressure , and diabetes—with [lowered] smoking intensity and increased time since smoking cessation .

Overall , we observed the following associations : ( 1 ) improvement in both inflammatory markers and traditional risk factors with decreased intensity of smoking , and ( 2 ) improvement in inflammatory markers with increased time since smoking cessation .
overall , we observed the following associations : ( 1 ) improvement in both inflammatory markers and traditional risk factors with [lowered] intensity of smoking , and ( 2 ) improvement in inflammatory markers with increased time since smoking cessation .

Linked to poverty , decreased productivity , and premature death , tobacco remains the second major cause of preventable death in the world and fourth most common risk factor for disease worldwide [ 59 ] .
linked to poverty , [lowered] productivity , and premature death , tobacco remains the second major cause of preventable death in the world and fourth most common risk factor for disease worldwide [ 59 ] .

The authors propose that the cause for the decreased affinity of vaccine-elicited CTLs could be the high antigen density of these synthetic peptides on antigen-presenting cells .
the authors propose that the cause for the [lowered] affinity of vaccine-elicited ctls could be the high antigen density of these synthetic peptides on antigen-presenting cells .

Thus , while some patients with a pancreas transplant tolerate the immunosuppressive agents well , and for such patients diabetic nephropathy can gradually improve , in other patients the net effect ( decreased risk due to the improved blood glucose control , increased risk from the immunosuppressive agents ) may worsen kidney function .
thus , while some patients with a pancreas transplant tolerate the immunosuppressive agents well , and for such patients diabetic nephropathy can gradually improve , in other patients the net effect ( [lowered] risk due to the improved blood glucose control , increased risk from the immunosuppressive agents ) may worsen kidney function .

Analysis by immunohistochemistry of airway mucosa of people with atopic asthma after antigen challenge revealed that large numbers of CCR4 + and CCR8 + T cells express IL-4 , and CCR4 expression was prominent in people with severe atopic dermatitis , which decreased upon abatement of disease activity [ 26,43 ] .
analysis by immunohistochemistry of airway mucosa of people with atopic asthma after antigen challenge revealed that large numbers of ccr4 + and ccr8 + t cells express il-4 , and ccr4 expression was prominent in people with severe atopic dermatitis , which [lowered] upon abatement of disease activity [ 26,43 ] .

Ablation of HIF-1α in skeletal muscle was associated with an increase in the activity of rate-limiting enzymes of the mitochondria , indicating that the citric acid cycle and increased fatty acid oxidation may be compensating for decreased flow through the glycolytic pathway in these animals .
ablation of hif-1α in skeletal muscle was associated with an increase in the activity of rate-limiting enzymes of the mitochondria , indicating that the citric acid cycle and increased fatty acid oxidation may be compensating for [lowered] flow through the glycolytic pathway in these animals .

Intensive therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes results in a decreased risk of microvascular complications ; therefore , it is appropriate to use combinations of medications in patients with suboptimal glycemia [ 21 ] .
intensive therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes results in a [lowered] risk of microvascular complications ; therefore , it is appropriate to use combinations of medications in patients with suboptimal glycemia [ 21 ] .

Progression of disease is also attributed to worsening beta-cell dysfunction and decreased release of insulin [ 26 ] .
progression of disease is also attributed to worsening beta-cell dysfunction and [lowered] release of insulin [ 26 ] .

As libraries are forced for a variety of reasons ( including decreased budgets and the increasing prevalence of “ big deals ” and journal bundling ) to eliminate subscriptions , society journals may be among the hardest hit .
as libraries are forced for a variety of reasons ( including [lowered] budgets and the increasing prevalence of “ big deals ” and journal bundling ) to eliminate subscriptions , society journals may be among the hardest hit .

In fact , the perceived distance ( as indicated in the dance ) decreased by more than 50 % !
in fact , the perceived distance ( as indicated in the dance ) [lowered] by more than 50 % !

Remarkably , aspirin dramatically decreased endotoxin-induced resistin expression in a dose-dependent manner ( Figure 4C ) .
remarkably , aspirin dramatically [lowered] endotoxin-induced resistin expression in a dose-dependent manner ( figure 4c ) .

However , decreased intelligence scores need to be interpreted carefully , as stutterers show a schooling disadvantage of several months ( Andrews et al .
however , [lowered] intelligence scores need to be interpreted carefully , as stutterers show a schooling disadvantage of several months ( andrews et al .

Using a new MRI technique , diffusion tensor imaging ( DTI ) , that allows the assessment of white matter ultrastructure , investigators saw an area of decreased white matter tract coherence in the Rolandic operculum ( Sommer et al .
using a new mri technique , diffusion tensor imaging ( dti ) , that allows the assessment of white matter ultrastructure , investigators saw an area of [lowered] white matter tract coherence in the rolandic operculum ( sommer et al .

In addition , hookworm has been associated with impaired learning , increased absences from school , and decreased future economic productivity [ 18 ] .
in addition , hookworm has been associated with impaired learning , increased absences from school , and [lowered] future economic productivity [ 18 ] .

After 14 mo of therapy , the patient 's dose of erlotinib was decreased to 100 mg daily owing to fatigue .
after 14 mo of therapy , the patient 's dose of erlotinib was [lowered] to 100 mg daily owing to fatigue .

Other studies indicated that HIV-specific CD4+ T cells were being preferentially infected , often massively , during treatment interruptions [ 6 ] , and that proliferative responses were more likely to be a consequence—rather than a cause—of decreased HIV replication [ 7 ] .
other studies indicated that hiv-specific cd4+ t cells were being preferentially infected , often massively , during treatment interruptions [ 6 ] , and that proliferative responses were more likely to be a consequence—rather than a cause—of [lowered] hiv replication [ 7 ] .

The percentage of global scientific publications from North America actually decreased by 8 % over the same period ( UNESCO 2001 ) .
the percentage of global scientific publications from north america actually [lowered] by 8 % over the same period ( unesco 2001 ) .

We found that the statistical power of the single low-dose challenge design was almost unaffected by animal-to-animal variation in infection probability , whereas , for the repeated low-dose challenge design , the power decreased with increasing heterogeneity .
we found that the statistical power of the single low-dose challenge design was almost unaffected by animal-to-animal variation in infection probability , whereas , for the repeated low-dose challenge design , the power [lowered] with increasing heterogeneity .

Significantly , the number of black and Hispanic households below the poverty line decreased .
significantly , the number of black and hispanic households below the poverty line [lowered] .

The Statesman of Calcutta announces that `` [ t ] ourist traffic in Jaisalmer , the Rajasthan desert district where nuclear weapons were tested this year , decreased alarmingly , apparently due to the alleged Western propaganda against the Pokhran nuclear tests . ''
the statesman of calcutta announces that `` [ t ] ourist traffic in jaisalmer , the rajasthan desert district where nuclear weapons were tested this year , [lowered] alarmingly , apparently due to the alleged western propaganda against the pokhran nuclear tests . ''

The Guardian also revealed that the rats ' brain size had decreased .
the guardian also revealed that the rats ' brain size had [lowered] .

The age of menarche ( the onset of menstruation ) has decreased by three or four months per decade in average sections of Western European populations for the past 150 years .
the age of menarche ( the onset of menstruation ) has [lowered] by three or four months per decade in average sections of western european populations for the past 150 years .

Interracial marriages accounted for only 2.2 percent of all marriages in the Current Population Survey of 1992 , a gain of only two-tenths of a percent over 1980 , and the number of mixed couplings actually decreased slightly in 1991 .
interracial marriages accounted for only 2.2 percent of all marriages in the current population survey of 1992 , a gain of only two-tenths of a percent over 1980 , and the number of mixed couplings actually [lowered] slightly in 1991 .

Looking at rural Colorado , Texas A & M scholar Patricia Stokowski found that with the arrival of casinos , `` the likelihood of becoming a crime victim in Gilpin County has decreased . ''
looking at rural colorado , texas a & m scholar patricia stokowski found that with the arrival of casinos , `` the likelihood of becoming a crime victim in gilpin county has [lowered] . ''

Since 1990 , teen-age out-of-wedlock births have actually decreased very slightly .
since 1990 , teen-age out-of-wedlock births have actually [lowered] very slightly .

Because chip prices have decreased even as capacity has risen , the computer processing power available to consumers at a given price has doubled even more quickly .
because chip prices have [lowered] even as capacity has risen , the computer processing power available to consumers at a given price has doubled even more quickly .

The Journal says the crash may `` throw a spotlight on the widening popularity of corporate jets , '' but the same article notes that private plane crashes have actually decreased over the last five years .
the journal says the crash may `` throw a spotlight on the widening popularity of corporate jets , '' but the same article notes that private plane crashes have actually [lowered] over the last five years .

In fact , the percentages of children whose maltreatment was investigated decreased significantly in all categories except educational neglect -- from 64 percent to 45 percent among physically abused children , from 75 percent to 44 percent among sexually abused children , from 57 percent to 35 percent among physically neglected children , and from 40 percent to 26 percent among children seriously injured by any maltreatment .
in fact , the percentages of children whose maltreatment was investigated [lowered] significantly in all categories except educational neglect -- from 64 percent to 45 percent among physically abused children , from 75 percent to 44 percent among sexually abused children , from 57 percent to 35 percent among physically neglected children , and from 40 percent to 26 percent among children seriously injured by any maltreatment .

Can anyone really say Arab terrorism has decreased as a result ?
can anyone really say arab terrorism has [lowered] as a result ?

The WP runs a piece about the decline in the accuracy of directory assistance information , saying that the trend arises from increased competition and hence decreased cooperation between local phone companies and AT & T .
the wp runs a piece about the decline in the accuracy of directory assistance information , saying that the trend arises from increased competition and hence [lowered] cooperation between local phone companies and at & t .

When Russert reads a Naomi Wolf quote advocating that sex education instructors promote fondling and mutual masturbation as an alternative to sex , Bush says Wolf 's advice is `` pathetic , '' says condom promotion has n't decreased teen pregnancy rates , and advocates teaching abstinence .
when russert reads a naomi wolf quote advocating that sex education instructors promote fondling and mutual masturbation as an alternative to sex , bush says wolf 's advice is `` pathetic , '' says condom promotion has n't [lowered] teen pregnancy rates , and advocates teaching abstinence .

It nearly doubled the signing bonus for some recruits -- from $ 12,000 to $ 20,000 -- and decreased the minimum enlistment period needed to receive a bonus from three years to two .
it nearly doubled the signing bonus for some recruits -- from $ 12,000 to $ 20,000 -- and [lowered] the minimum enlistment period needed to receive a bonus from three years to two .

It 's worth noting that the redesigned cigarette packs would also carry a warning : `` Cigarettes may cause sexual impotence due to decreased blood flow to the penis .
it 's worth noting that the redesigned cigarette packs would also carry a warning : `` cigarettes may cause sexual impotence due to [lowered] blood flow to the penis .

Although tired residents maintain reaction time and manual dexterity surprisingly well , they exhibit memory deficits , difficulties thinking clearly , and decreased vigilance .
although tired residents maintain reaction time and manual dexterity surprisingly well , they exhibit memory deficits , difficulties thinking clearly , and [lowered] vigilance .

If Clinton waives the ban , funding for overseas family planning will be decreased by 3 percent .
if clinton waives the ban , funding for overseas family planning will be [lowered] by 3 percent .

Serious crimes decreased 10 percent in the first half of 1999 .
serious crimes [lowered] 10 percent in the first half of 1999 .

Curiously , as speeds have increased , the highway death rate has decreased , declining by 11 percent since 1995 , when the federal government abandoned the national 55-mph speed limit .
curiously , as speeds have increased , the highway death rate has [lowered] , declining by 11 percent since 1995 , when the federal government abandoned the national 55-mph speed limit .

The NFL and NBA decreased the disparities between large- and small-market teams with salary caps that limit player salaries .
the nfl and nba [lowered] the disparities between large- and small-market teams with salary caps that limit player salaries .

The LAT reports that Japanese economic woes and decreased U.S. production have economists scratching their heads over the health of the world economy .
the lat reports that japanese economic woes and [lowered] u.s. production have economists scratching their heads over the health of the world economy .

Then , after that , the Texas Penal Code redefined car theft to unauthorized use of a motor vehicle and decreased the penalty for the crime .
then , after that , the texas penal code redefined car theft to unauthorized use of a motor vehicle and [lowered] the penalty for the crime .

