The volume of ADC cases will decrease , Martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : Relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color .
the volume of adc cases will [lower] , martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color .

The board will be able to increase , decrease , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the Mayor's veto ; ;
the board will be able to increase , [lower] , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the mayor's veto ; ;

She can decrease the number of temptations .
she can [lower] the number of temptations .

Mr. Clark still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields , but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future .
mr. clark still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields , but he has watched the insect damage [lower] steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future .

Will the danger increase or decrease ? ?
will the danger increase or [lower] ? ?

These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961 .
these increased costs are partially offset by a [lower] of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the army reserve components during 1961 .

To increase faculty influence and decrease tension , many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly .
to increase faculty influence and [lower] tension , many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly .

The pressure gradient producing the jet is due to the nature of the magnetic field in the arc ( rapid decrease of current density from cathode to the anode ) .
the pressure gradient producing the jet is due to the nature of the magnetic field in the arc ( rapid [lower] of current density from cathode to the anode ) .

Pioneer 1 , recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours .
pioneer 1 , recorded a [lower] in flux with distance from the earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours .

From an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude .
from an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass [lower] by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude .

The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage .
the former is intended to [lower] the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage .

Microscopic examination of the effluent showed that minimum BOD occurred when the algae began to decrease with cold weather .
microscopic examination of the effluent showed that minimum bod occurred when the algae began to [lower] with cold weather .

Therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur .
therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which will [lower] force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur .

Full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side , resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics , a decrease in enemy capabilities , and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment .
full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side , resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics , a [lower] in enemy capabilities , and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment .

Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages .
space charge influences will also [lower] at increased voltages .

This will increase rather than decrease pollution .
this will increase rather than [lower] pollution .

The rate could decrease further this year as more than 100 local safety schemes are set up along roads in the region .
the rate could [lower] further this year as more than 100 local safety schemes are set up along roads in the region .

Passenger traffic through the North 's airports increased by four per cent between 1989 and 1990 , compared with a 6pc decrease nationally .
passenger traffic through the north 's airports increased by four per cent between 1989 and 1990 , compared with a 6pc [lower] nationally .

Loss of bone mass results in a decrease in height , hunched shoulders and an increased risk of hip and wrist fractures .
loss of bone mass results in a [lower] in height , hunched shoulders and an increased risk of hip and wrist fractures .

The Abbey National 's deputy chairman , John Bayliss , said the decrease in mortgage interest relief is unlikely to hold back the recovery in the housing market .
the abbey national 's deputy chairman , john bayliss , said the [lower] in mortgage interest relief is unlikely to hold back the recovery in the housing market .

It would improve the housing stock and decrease the future need for renovation and repair .
it would improve the housing stock and [lower] the future need for renovation and repair .

In its report , the organisation denies the Government 's claim that there is a significant decrease in the number of winter deaths .
in its report , the organisation denies the government 's claim that there is a significant [lower] in the number of winter deaths .

There will be an increase in the powers of the Head Teacher , Governors , and Parents with a corresponding decrease in the powers of the Local Authority and Teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the operation .
there will be an increase in the powers of the head teacher , governors , and parents with a corresponding [lower] in the powers of the local authority and teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the operation .

Skip shows us in the book how his aspirations for the boat decrease and how newcomers to the boat had to get used to the crew 's relaxed attitude .
skip shows us in the book how his aspirations for the boat [lower] and how newcomers to the boat had to get used to the crew 's relaxed attitude .

During the pregnancy certain problems may arise such as the decrease in income due to the loss of work or interference of exams , how difficult could it become , raising a child with little financial support ?
during the pregnancy certain problems may arise such as the [lower] in income due to the loss of work or interference of exams , how difficult could it become , raising a child with little financial support ?

The lag in birth rate decrease behind death rate decrease is as characteristic of developing countries today .
the lag in birth rate [lower] behind death rate [lower] is as characteristic of developing countries today .

Mars your ruling planet normally endows you with drive , but as Saturn grows nearer your energy level will decrease now how about that ?
mars your ruling planet normally endows you with drive , but as saturn grows nearer your energy level will [lower] now how about that ?

It is still the hardest hit area with 10,381 unemployed , which , despite being a slight decrease on January 's figure still leaves 18.3pc of the area 's workforce without a job .
it is still the hardest hit area with 10,381 unemployed , which , despite being a slight [lower] on january 's figure still leaves 18.3pc of the area 's workforce without a job .

He got his chance when the health and safety executive asked him to help publish this booklet promoting the safe use of trollies and so decrease in a biud .
he got his chance when the health and safety executive asked him to help publish this booklet promoting the safe use of trollies and so [lower] in a biud .

Access was already frustrated by an existing step and the additional minor increase in height made no real significant decrease in accessibility .
access was already frustrated by an existing step and the additional minor increase in height made no real significant [lower] in accessibility .

As far as law and order was concerned just over half believed bringing back the death penalty would decrease crime , while 64pc said sentencing was ‘ too soft ’ on adult criminals .
as far as law and order was concerned just over half believed bringing back the death penalty would [lower] crime , while 64pc said sentencing was ‘ too soft ’ on adult criminals .

‘ Over the next two years , there will be a phased decrease in numbers involving 400 people across all parts of Brunner Mond , ’ he said .
‘ over the next two years , there will be a phased [lower] in numbers involving 400 people across all parts of brunner mond , ’ he said .

Earnings per share fell from 12.1p to 7.2p , a decrease of 40pc .
earnings per share fell from 12.1p to 7.2p , a [lower] of 40pc .

Rice yields are likely to decrease significantly .
rice yields are likely to [lower] significantly .

a decrease in the proportion of human wealth to non-human wealth
a [lower] in the proportion of human wealth to non-human wealth

Consumption will rise in period t+4 : But investment will start to fall because , according to the accelerator , the level of investment depends on the change in income ( which has now begun to decrease ) : So , after rising from periods t to t + 3 , income has now stayed the same from period t + 3 to t + 4 .
consumption will rise in period t+4 : but investment will start to fall because , according to the accelerator , the level of investment depends on the change in income ( which has now begun to [lower] ) : so , after rising from periods t to t + 3 , income has now stayed the same from period t + 3 to t + 4 .

But the mercury content of the sediment could soon improve if Liverpool Bay follows the pattern of the Manchester Ship canal , where there already been a significant decrease and a corresponding decline of mercury in the estuary 's surface sediment .
but the mercury content of the sediment could soon improve if liverpool bay follows the pattern of the manchester ship canal , where there already been a significant [lower] and a corresponding decline of mercury in the estuary 's surface sediment .

compared to 1987 there has been a tremendous decrease .
compared to 1987 there has been a tremendous [lower] .

Though he welcomes the DoH stress on closer working with the voluntary sector and gay men , Boyce is disappointed the circular does not mention the decrease and its possible implications .
though he welcomes the doh stress on closer working with the voluntary sector and gay men , boyce is disappointed the circular does not mention the [lower] and its possible implications .

Preventing foliage from getting into the water will decrease the problem but even then the gases , largely methane and hydrogen sulphide , can kill most of your pond life including the fish .
preventing foliage from getting into the water will [lower] the problem but even then the gases , largely methane and hydrogen sulphide , can kill most of your pond life including the fish .

Spreading ridges can decrease the total volume of the world 's oceans , but a prolonged period of volcanism may also have increased the total volume of water .
spreading ridges can [lower] the total volume of the world 's oceans , but a prolonged period of volcanism may also have increased the total volume of water .

It is a law of nature that metabolic requirements for all largish animals decrease as they grow larger .
it is a law of nature that metabolic requirements for all largish animals [lower] as they grow larger .

Simply by growing larger , creatures suffer a continual decrease in relative surface area .
simply by growing larger , creatures suffer a continual [lower] in relative surface area .

The zoologist David Norman points out that the Cretaceous does show a decrease in sauropods , and a rather dramatic increase in ornithopods .
the zoologist david norman points out that the cretaceous does show a [lower] in sauropods , and a rather dramatic increase in ornithopods .

First , the energy budget of predators is said to decrease with increasing weight , so that lions require ten times their own weight , whereas shrews require 100 times their own weight .
first , the energy budget of predators is said to [lower] with increasing weight , so that lions require ten times their own weight , whereas shrews require 100 times their own weight .

Keep a diary and note if any particular pattern emerges , if any circumstances can be connected with increase or decrease of the tinnitus .
keep a diary and note if any particular pattern emerges , if any circumstances can be connected with increase or [lower] of the tinnitus .

Largely the difference is accounted for by a dramatic decrease in child mortality in the modern Western world , due to vast improvements in hygiene , protection against infective disease and plentiful food .
largely the difference is accounted for by a dramatic [lower] in child mortality in the modern western world , due to vast improvements in hygiene , protection against infective disease and plentiful food .

It is this count which increases the search time from the original 26-way tree , but the decrease in memory usage is so great as to out weigh this slower search .
it is this count which increases the search time from the original 26-way tree , but the [lower] in memory usage is so great as to out weigh this slower search .

This would not affect the speed of look-up , but would again decrease the memory requirements .
this would not affect the speed of look-up , but would again [lower] the memory requirements .

Should employees ’ location allowances decrease as a result of a transfer , any such decrease is phased over a three-year period .
should employees ’ location allowances [lower] as a result of a transfer , any such [lower] is phased over a three-year period .

If you possess these , you will not find it difficult to bring yourself to learn the simple arithmetic of grief , its common pattern and some of its variations , and you will find that as your knowledge increases your fears will decrease .
if you possess these , you will not find it difficult to bring yourself to learn the simple arithmetic of grief , its common pattern and some of its variations , and you will find that as your knowledge increases your fears will [lower] .

It is therefore interesting to compare the increase of undesirable tannin with the decrease in desirable active acidity :
it is therefore interesting to compare the increase of undesirable tannin with the [lower] in desirable active acidity :

Hope that interest rates decrease to release mortgage holders threatened with repossession .
hope that interest rates [lower] to release mortgage holders threatened with repossession .

Specifically , it was hoped to discover how cyclists would use and perceive a comprehensive and integrated bicycle network and whether an increase in bicycle traffic and/or a decrease in cycling accidents would result .
specifically , it was hoped to discover how cyclists would use and perceive a comprehensive and integrated bicycle network and whether an increase in bicycle traffic and/or a [lower] in cycling accidents would result .

‘ The market has been hindered by a decrease in the number of first-time buyers who are usually interested in the smaller units — with 20 beds or less .
‘ the market has been hindered by a [lower] in the number of first-time buyers who are usually interested in the smaller units — with 20 beds or less .

The same is true if he wishes to make a plot of the total energy of the aircraft to establish where there has been a significant increase or decrease in thrust or drag .
the same is true if he wishes to make a plot of the total energy of the aircraft to establish where there has been a significant increase or [lower] in thrust or drag .

This percentage is likely to decrease as a result of improvements in cable systems .
this percentage is likely to [lower] as a result of improvements in cable systems .

There are , for instance , no apparent compositional differences between Roman and Anglo-Saxon glass vessels ( Sanderson , Hunter and Warren 1984 ) although there are marked changes in appearance ; this may be the result of a decrease in technological ability .
there are , for instance , no apparent compositional differences between roman and anglo-saxon glass vessels ( sanderson , hunter and warren 1984 ) although there are marked changes in appearance ; this may be the result of a [lower] in technological ability .

Now suppose we increase all forward variables by 0 , decrease all reverse variables by θ and leave all other variables unchanged .
now suppose we increase all forward variables by 0 , [lower] all reverse variables by θ and leave all other variables unchanged .

This says that the decrease in objective function value after one dual-simplex is Dk ( x r ) where and Dk ( x r ) is called the down-penalty .
this says that the [lower] in objective function value after one dual-simplex is dk ( x r ) where and dk ( x r ) is called the down-penalty .

This means that the decrease in objective function value after one dual-simplex pivot is , the up-penalty , where .
this means that the [lower] in objective function value after one dual-simplex pivot is , the up-penalty , where .

In this context penalties are implicitly treated as if they gave the exact decrease in objective function when a variable is branched on ( as opposed to just a bound ) .
in this context penalties are implicitly treated as if they gave the exact [lower] in objective function when a variable is branched on ( as opposed to just a bound ) .

The justification for selecting the variable with the largest penalty implicitly assumed that the penalty gave a useful estimate of the decrease in objective function value and not just a bound .
the justification for selecting the variable with the largest penalty implicitly assumed that the penalty gave a useful estimate of the [lower] in objective function value and not just a bound .

When only one dual simplex iteration is required to restore optimality , the bound is equal to the decrease , but in large problems , typically , several dual-simplex pivots are needed .
when only one dual simplex iteration is required to restore optimality , the bound is equal to the [lower] , but in large problems , typically , several dual-simplex pivots are needed .

Paradoxically , Labour should wish Major well in all his efforts to get Britain out of recession and to decrease unemployment , as this will unleash other pressures that could help the party .
paradoxically , labour should wish major well in all his efforts to get britain out of recession and to [lower] unemployment , as this will unleash other pressures that could help the party .

He was too absorbed in watching the swollen udders decrease in size .
he was too absorbed in watching the swollen udders [lower] in size .

However , the demand for people to do routine testing is likely to decrease as this task becomes increasingly automated , through the use of test equipment incorporating microelectronics .
however , the demand for people to do routine testing is likely to [lower] as this task becomes increasingly automated , through the use of test equipment incorporating microelectronics .

In the climb , air gets thinner as altitude increases ; as the mixture becomes progressively richer , combustion temperature and power output decrease .
in the climb , air gets thinner as altitude increases ; as the mixture becomes progressively richer , combustion temperature and power output [lower] .

Most of all it does not decrease in the slightest the need for heroic endeavour .
most of all it does not [lower] in the slightest the need for heroic endeavour .

If all goes well , our own production of cholesterol should decrease in relation to the amount we take in from outside .
if all goes well , our own production of cholesterol should [lower] in relation to the amount we take in from outside .

Since most of these foods ( except shellfish ) are also high in fat , it is a doubly-good reason to decrease their dominance of our diet .
since most of these foods ( except shellfish ) are also high in fat , it is a doubly-good reason to [lower] their dominance of our diet .

This conscious decrease should apply to both saturated and unsaturated fats .
this conscious [lower] should apply to both saturated and unsaturated fats .

Constant wetting makes nails soft and opaque , and chemical detergents and varnish removers decrease levels of moisture in the nail .
constant wetting makes nails soft and opaque , and chemical detergents and varnish removers [lower] levels of moisture in the nail .

Although average sales per outlet have shown a slight decrease in each of the last five years , some of our licensees have done much better than others .
although average sales per outlet have shown a slight [lower] in each of the last five years , some of our licensees have done much better than others .

Self-esteem , though not significantly different between women and men throughout childhood and early adulthood , may decrease later in women 's lives , for instance .
self-esteem , though not significantly different between women and men throughout childhood and early adulthood , may [lower] later in women 's lives , for instance .

One key influence in the loosening of the relationship between the press and political parties was the decrease in the number of titles published and , in particular , of evenings and provincials ( see Table 3 .
one key influence in the loosening of the relationship between the press and political parties was the [lower] in the number of titles published and , in particular , of evenings and provincials ( see table 3 .

In the case of The Times , there is a decrease in total space devoted to public affairs news and features — 1184 sq .
in the case of the times , there is a [lower] in total space devoted to public affairs news and features — 1184 sq .

Cells in sensory pathways usually increase or decrease the rate at which they produce action potentials as a function of the type of stimuli presented .
cells in sensory pathways usually increase or [lower] the rate at which they produce action potentials as a function of the type of stimuli presented .

Many physiologists believe that an exhaustive study of the types of stimuli that increase or decrease the discharge rates of different types of sensory system cell will provide us with a description of how that system works .
many physiologists believe that an exhaustive study of the types of stimuli that increase or [lower] the discharge rates of different types of sensory system cell will provide us with a description of how that system works .

In practice this is unlikely , however , because changing the state of a cell is likely to involve energy consumption irrespective of whether the change involves an increase or decrease in activity .
in practice this is unlikely , however , because changing the state of a cell is likely to involve energy consumption irrespective of whether the change involves an increase or [lower] in activity .

One of behaviours they want to decrease and the other of alternative behaviours that need to increase .
one of behaviours they want to [lower] and the other of alternative behaviours that need to increase .

Behaviour to decrease
behaviour to [lower]

To increase , to decrease ,
to increase , to [lower] ,

Mrs Mitchell wants to know if she can increase or decrease the width of the pattern , in order to get complete repeats of the pattern on a sweater that is a different size to the one she used her 23-stitch repeat for .
mrs mitchell wants to know if she can increase or [lower] the width of the pattern , in order to get complete repeats of the pattern on a sweater that is a different size to the one she used her 23-stitch repeat for .

Under such circumstances the frequency with which you visited the pub would be likely to decrease gradually over time .
under such circumstances the frequency with which you visited the pub would be likely to [lower] gradually over time .

Too much acid can cause digestive upsets , whereas an alkaline diet can help to decrease cravings for baddies , such as sugar , alcohol and ciggies .
too much acid can cause digestive upsets , whereas an alkaline diet can help to [lower] cravings for baddies , such as sugar , alcohol and ciggies .

Do n't cast off , but enter a second program that will decrease from the measurement you have to the waist .
do n't cast off , but enter a second program that will [lower] from the measurement you have to the waist .

But , after taking inflation into account , that is a decrease in real terms .
but , after taking inflation into account , that is a [lower] in real terms .

The rate and amount of vaginal lubrication does decrease with age .
the rate and amount of vaginal lubrication does [lower] with age .

The insect sinks until the increase of surface energy just balances the decrease in its potential energy when it sinks no further and is , presumably , happy .
the insect sinks until the increase of surface energy just balances the [lower] in its potential energy when it sinks no further and is , presumably , happy .

The Assistant Government Agent at Matara agreed that the establishment of village tribunals had led to a decrease in the number of police court cases , but asked ‘ what good end is obtained by merely removing the scene of litigation from one set of courts to another , and doubling the amount of litigation in the process , and how it is supposed that by increasing litigation twofold the peace and harmony of the district is secured , and litigation robbed of all the rancour and bad feelings it engenders in the ordinary courts ?
the assistant government agent at matara agreed that the establishment of village tribunals had led to a [lower] in the number of police court cases , but asked ‘ what good end is obtained by merely removing the scene of litigation from one set of courts to another , and doubling the amount of litigation in the process , and how it is supposed that by increasing litigation twofold the peace and harmony of the district is secured , and litigation robbed of all the rancour and bad feelings it engenders in the ordinary courts ?

These reforms were the culmination of a gradual movement throughout the nineteenth century towards a decrease in the use and severity of corporal punishment .
these reforms were the culmination of a gradual movement throughout the nineteenth century towards a [lower] in the use and severity of corporal punishment .

Among the results of the changes were an increase in the conviction rate and a decrease in the rate of litigation .
among the results of the changes were an increase in the conviction rate and a [lower] in the rate of litigation .

For instance , if a magistrate dismissed most cases because he thought they were false , the proportion of thefts which were reported in his district might decrease because people would decide that it was useless to report them .
for instance , if a magistrate dismissed most cases because he thought they were false , the proportion of thefts which were reported in his district might [lower] because people would decide that it was useless to report them .

In the face of these changes , the decline in the rate of cattle theft is convincing evidence of a real decrease in the incidence of cattle stealing .
in the face of these changes , the decline in the rate of cattle theft is convincing evidence of a real [lower] in the incidence of cattle stealing .

The carrying amount should be recalculated to take account of circumstances prevailing at each balance sheet date , and any change in the carrying amount should be accounted for as an increase or decrease in the finance cost for the period .
the carrying amount should be recalculated to take account of circumstances prevailing at each balance sheet date , and any change in the carrying amount should be accounted for as an increase or [lower] in the finance cost for the period .

The treatment can decrease the time it takes the body to remove the lactic acid build-up in your muscles .
the treatment can [lower] the time it takes the body to remove the lactic acid build-up in your muscles .

Ranks Hovis McDougall 's board recommended the £935m takeover offer from Tomkins after announcing a 38 % decrease in profit before tax to £92.6m for the year to 5 September 1992 .
ranks hovis mcdougall 's board recommended the £935m takeover offer from tomkins after announcing a 38 % [lower] in profit before tax to £92.6m for the year to 5 september 1992 .

It is suggested that applying losses to the preceding three years on a ‘ first in , first out ’ , rather than the existing ‘ last in , first out ’ , basis would decrease the possibility that companies are not able to carry back losses to periods in which profits were made .
it is suggested that applying losses to the preceding three years on a ‘ first in , first out ’ , rather than the existing ‘ last in , first out ’ , basis would [lower] the possibility that companies are not able to carry back losses to periods in which profits were made .

With the steady influx of newly qualifieds every six months and the continuing decrease in demand , finding audit work in practice is extremely difficult .
with the steady influx of newly qualifieds every six months and the continuing [lower] in demand , finding audit work in practice is extremely difficult .

The guidance advises the accountant that test checks on a suitable number of controlled trust accounts may make possible a corresponding decrease in the number of checks in respect of other accounts .
the guidance advises the accountant that test checks on a suitable number of controlled trust accounts may make possible a corresponding [lower] in the number of checks in respect of other accounts .

Thus a focus on the emotional dimensions of relationships — whether on feelings of affection or feelings of duty — tends to suggest that if there has been any discernible change in a single direction over time , it has been an increase rather than a decrease in the significance of the feelings which people have for their relatives .
thus a focus on the emotional dimensions of relationships — whether on feelings of affection or feelings of duty — tends to suggest that if there has been any discernible change in a single direction over time , it has been an increase rather than a [lower] in the significance of the feelings which people have for their relatives .

It is difficult to account for so large a change in terms of a decrease in effective moment of inertia due to a change in the shape of the crust of the star , because for a rotation rate of 30Hz the equilibrium ellipsoid has a moment of inertia only 10 -4 greater than that of a sphere .
it is difficult to account for so large a change in terms of a [lower] in effective moment of inertia due to a change in the shape of the crust of the star , because for a rotation rate of 30hz the equilibrium ellipsoid has a moment of inertia only 10 -4 greater than that of a sphere .

Alternatively the decrease might be due to a progressive increase in vortex pinning in the superfluid as the neutron star slows down and cools .
alternatively the [lower] might be due to a progressive increase in vortex pinning in the superfluid as the neutron star slows down and cools .

Light adaptation characterized by a decrease in rod sensitivity in the presence of background illumination has been shown to be mediated by Ca 2+ ( refs 26 , 27 ) .
light adaptation characterized by a [lower] in rod sensitivity in the presence of background illumination has been shown to be mediated by ca 2+ ( refs 26 , 27 ) .

Our finite-difference scheme solves equations ( 1 ) - ( 4 ) numerically , beginning at an altitude of 100km , and calculating the decrease in altitude d h over a time interval d t according to .
our finite-difference scheme solves equations ( 1 ) - ( 4 ) numerically , beginning at an altitude of 100km , and calculating the [lower] in altitude d h over a time interval d t according to .

After allowing for this subsidence there are no significant residual gravity changes between June 1991 and June 1992 , except at the summit crater where there was a decrease of 80μGal .
after allowing for this subsidence there are no significant residual gravity changes between june 1991 and june 1992 , except at the summit crater where there was a [lower] of 80μgal .

Studies of benthic foraminifera ( sensitive indicators of oxygenation ) through the laminated intervals show no evidence for any increase in species characteristic of a low oxygen environment , but rather a decrease in tapered cylindrical and infaunal forms attesting to the impenetrability of the meshwork .
studies of benthic foraminifera ( sensitive indicators of oxygenation ) through the laminated intervals show no evidence for any increase in species characteristic of a low oxygen environment , but rather a [lower] in tapered cylindrical and infaunal forms attesting to the impenetrability of the meshwork .

But an evolutionary decrease in the rate of ageing in humans is likely to occur over the next few generations .
but an evolutionary [lower] in the rate of ageing in humans is likely to occur over the next few generations .

Japan was the only industrialised country to register an increase , rather than a decrease , in the number of patents received per scientist and engineer between 1967 and 1984 .
japan was the only industrialised country to register an increase , rather than a [lower] , in the number of patents received per scientist and engineer between 1967 and 1984 .

Increasing risks and decreasing opportunities tend to be interrelated , of course : better protection and surveillance decrease opportunities by increasing perceived risks .
increasing risks and decreasing opportunities tend to be interrelated , of course : better protection and surveillance [lower] opportunities by increasing perceived risks .

Advertising revenue helped shape national dailies — literally , by justifying the switch to a smaller tabloid format in which a ‘ full page ’ consumed less paper without a proportional decrease in revenue earned .
advertising revenue helped shape national dailies — literally , by justifying the switch to a smaller tabloid format in which a ‘ full page ’ consumed less paper without a proportional [lower] in revenue earned .

Decisions about management , life-styles and living arrangements , even about educational capacity have been taken by doctors with a consequent decrease in the power of individuals and their families to plan and control their lives .
decisions about management , life-styles and living arrangements , even about educational capacity have been taken by doctors with a consequent [lower] in the power of individuals and their families to plan and control their lives .

The major example that he gives of informalisation is what he takes to be the decrease of social restraints , particularly in the middle classes , imposed upon sexual behaviour and other connected spheres of conduct .
the major example that he gives of informalisation is what he takes to be the [lower] of social restraints , particularly in the middle classes , imposed upon sexual behaviour and other connected spheres of conduct .

Mrs Whitehouse believed that sex education , and in particular , discussion of sexual issues on television was coming to be dominated by atheists and humanists , with a concomitant decrease in emphasis on the ‘ proper ’ moral context of sexual behaviour .
mrs whitehouse believed that sex education , and in particular , discussion of sexual issues on television was coming to be dominated by atheists and humanists , with a concomitant [lower] in emphasis on the ‘ proper ’ moral context of sexual behaviour .

To begin to decrease this isolation is therefore a vital part of the stress-reduction programme .
to begin to [lower] this isolation is therefore a vital part of the stress-reduction programme .

The remaining strategies are designed to decrease the overload and pressure themselves .
the remaining strategies are designed to [lower] the overload and pressure themselves .

This is the main modus operandi of the teachers ' professional associations ( unions ) : to work to decrease demands by fending them off , whilst campaigning for more ( external ) resources .
this is the main modus operandi of the teachers ' professional associations ( unions ) : to work to [lower] demands by fending them off , whilst campaigning for more ( external ) resources .

Other things being equal , an increase in births decreases the proportion which all earlier cohorts constitute in the population , and a decrease in births will have the opposite effect .
other things being equal , an increase in births decreases the proportion which all earlier cohorts constitute in the population , and a [lower] in births will have the opposite effect .

It seems likely that improvements in the health and work capacity of the elderly population over the last eighty years have more than compensated for any putative increase in the physical and mental demands of employment ; if so , rising retirement rates may reflect a decrease in the demand for the labour of elderly workers over a period in which their employment capacity has risen .
it seems likely that improvements in the health and work capacity of the elderly population over the last eighty years have more than compensated for any putative increase in the physical and mental demands of employment ; if so , rising retirement rates may reflect a [lower] in the demand for the labour of elderly workers over a period in which their employment capacity has risen .

These increases have been matched by a major decrease in the proportion living with others , from 60 per cent to 22 per cent .
these increases have been matched by a major [lower] in the proportion living with others , from 60 per cent to 22 per cent .

Amongst elderly women , there has also been a decrease in activity rates , but it is much less pronounced .
amongst elderly women , there has also been a [lower] in activity rates , but it is much less pronounced .

Otherwise the algae will probably decrease , but write again if you still have problems after the summer .
otherwise the algae will probably [lower] , but write again if you still have problems after the summer .

Secondly , the ageing individual suffers a steady diminution of capacities , for example the decrease in adaptability to lower lighting levels and the decrease in physical stamina .
secondly , the ageing individual suffers a steady diminution of capacities , for example the [lower] in adaptability to lower lighting levels and the [lower] in physical stamina .

They continue to fall away alarmingly when it comes to formal examinations and so decrease their own chances of gaining stimulating and challenging employment .
they continue to fall away alarmingly when it comes to formal examinations and so [lower] their own chances of gaining stimulating and challenging employment .

Not only does this decrease their weatherproofness , but it means dirt ( and possibly snow ) can get blown into the loft space .
not only does this [lower] their weatherproofness , but it means dirt ( and possibly snow ) can get blown into the loft space .

If these pressures increase or decrease dramatically how will this affect the stability of the society ?
if these pressures increase or [lower] dramatically how will this affect the stability of the society ?

’ More hearteningly it showed that teasing seemed to decrease as pupils got to know each other better as classmates , and despite the possibility of teasing most of the children interviewed welcomed the social breadth of the integrated setting .
’ more hearteningly it showed that teasing seemed to [lower] as pupils got to know each other better as classmates , and despite the possibility of teasing most of the children interviewed welcomed the social breadth of the integrated setting .

If one extrapolates the low-energy rate of increase and decrease of the coupling constants , one finds that the two coupling constants become equal at an energy of about 10 15 GeV .
if one extrapolates the low-energy rate of increase and [lower] of the coupling constants , one finds that the two coupling constants become equal at an energy of about 10 15 gev .

As a black hole emits particles , its mass and size steadily decrease .
as a black hole emits particles , its mass and size steadily [lower] .

Intuitively , what is happening here is that the force which argues for an increase in output ( fall in prices ) from the double marginalization position in monopoly is being outweighed by a force which argues for a decrease in output ( increase in price ) from the duopoly position .
intuitively , what is happening here is that the force which argues for an increase in output ( fall in prices ) from the double marginalization position in monopoly is being outweighed by a force which argues for a [lower] in output ( increase in price ) from the duopoly position .

Another change has been extensive draining of moorland ( Stewart and Lance , 1983 ) and this allied to increased sheep numbers and other factors ( Anderson and Yalden , 1981 ) has led not only to a decrease in moorland vegetation but to a reduction in wildlife , notably grouse .
another change has been extensive draining of moorland ( stewart and lance , 1983 ) and this allied to increased sheep numbers and other factors ( anderson and yalden , 1981 ) has led not only to a [lower] in moorland vegetation but to a reduction in wildlife , notably grouse .

There is evidence , however , to show that these differences in school attainment at age 7 do not decrease , but rather increase as children get older .
there is evidence , however , to show that these differences in school attainment at age 7 do not [lower] , but rather increase as children get older .

He agrees that if public services expand then something in the industrial sector must decrease — profits or investment — but ‘ it does not follow that the former is the cause of the latter ’ ; rather they are both the joint results of the non-competitiveness of British goods in the international market .
he agrees that if public services expand then something in the industrial sector must [lower] — profits or investment — but ‘ it does not follow that the former is the cause of the latter ’ ; rather they are both the joint results of the non-competitiveness of british goods in the international market .

The Districts of Bedfordshire had the largest increase of any in the first period ( 10.3 per cent ) , followed by the second largest decrease ( -9.0 per cent ) in the second period , and a middling change in the third .
the districts of bedfordshire had the largest increase of any in the first period ( 10.3 per cent ) , followed by the second largest [lower] ( -9.0 per cent ) in the second period , and a middling change in the third .

Cleveland 's Districts suffered even more from the vagaries of the system , experiencing the second largest increase ( 8.9 per cent ) , followed by the largest decrease ( -13.2 per cent ) and then the largest increase ( 20.8 per cent ) .
cleveland 's districts suffered even more from the vagaries of the system , experiencing the second largest increase ( 8.9 per cent ) , followed by the largest [lower] ( -13.2 per cent ) and then the largest increase ( 20.8 per cent ) .

Finally , the decrease has been greatest among full-time male workers .
finally , the [lower] has been greatest among full-time male workers .

On arable farms , traditionally the most labour-intensive section of the industry and now the most capital-intensive , the changes wrought by technological innovation have not only resulted in a reduction in the number of workers , but a dramatic decrease in the division of labour among those that remain .
on arable farms , traditionally the most labour-intensive section of the industry and now the most capital-intensive , the changes wrought by technological innovation have not only resulted in a reduction in the number of workers , but a dramatic [lower] in the division of labour among those that remain .

Mechanization has not therefore necessarily involved any decrease in job satisfaction among farm workers .
mechanization has not therefore necessarily involved any [lower] in job satisfaction among farm workers .

On the farm the introduction of tractors and combine harvesters has brought about a vast decrease in the number of employment opportunities and an added stimulus to the rural working population to move to the towns in search of jobs .
on the farm the introduction of tractors and combine harvesters has brought about a vast [lower] in the number of employment opportunities and an added stimulus to the rural working population to move to the towns in search of jobs .

Randomizing to buckets with a capacity of ten records markedly decreases the number of synonyms , and there is a further decrease if buckets with a capacity of fifty records are used .
randomizing to buckets with a capacity of ten records markedly decreases the number of synonyms , and there is a further [lower] if buckets with a capacity of fifty records are used .

Normally , some records are accessed more frequently than others , and this tendency can be used to decrease average access time .
normally , some records are accessed more frequently than others , and this tendency can be used to [lower] average access time .

Here a note of caution should perhaps be added about the conventional wisdom that falling membership automatically leads to a decrease in trade union influence .
here a note of caution should perhaps be added about the conventional wisdom that falling membership automatically leads to a [lower] in trade union influence .

Some of these issues surfaced in the responses of academics to the question : Would you favour an increase or decrease in the proportion of students taking combined/joint degrees ?
some of these issues surfaced in the responses of academics to the question : would you favour an increase or [lower] in the proportion of students taking combined/joint degrees ?

In the longer term they require more general financial information in order to assess whether or not there is likely to be an increase or decrease in requirement for the goods or services they supply .
in the longer term they require more general financial information in order to assess whether or not there is likely to be an increase or [lower] in requirement for the goods or services they supply .

The aim of the auditor should be to link programme processes ; for example , the number of children receiving a particular immunization vaccination should be linked to the outcome , here possibly expressed in terms of a decrease in a particular illness or infirmity .
the aim of the auditor should be to link programme processes ; for example , the number of children receiving a particular immunization vaccination should be linked to the outcome , here possibly expressed in terms of a [lower] in a particular illness or infirmity .

Consequently , the number of people available for traditional blue-collar work in manufacturing was bound to decrease and become inadequate by 1990 .
consequently , the number of people available for traditional blue-collar work in manufacturing was bound to [lower] and become inadequate by 1990 .

As size increases , there is a tendency towards greater depersonalization coupled with a decrease in lateral and vertical communication .
as size increases , there is a tendency towards greater depersonalization coupled with a [lower] in lateral and vertical communication .

This was true for most industries , the only notable exceptions being a significant increase in the use of fixed-term contract workers in the minerals and chemicals industry , in banking , insurance and businesses services and in education ( an increase in the proportion of `` high users `` only ) , and a significant decrease in their use in the construction industry .
this was true for most industries , the only notable exceptions being a significant increase in the use of fixed-term contract workers in the minerals and chemicals industry , in banking , insurance and businesses services and in education ( an increase in the proportion of `` high users `` only ) , and a significant [lower] in their use in the construction industry .

If solider termites are killed in an attack , the decrease in the concentration of their scent causes the young females to develop into soldiers instead of workers .
if solider termites are killed in an attack , the [lower] in the concentration of their scent causes the young females to develop into soldiers instead of workers .

This same cue also seems to trigger a decrease in growth and even appetite among mammals such as deer , sheep and goats .
this same cue also seems to trigger a [lower] in growth and even appetite among mammals such as deer , sheep and goats .

increase or decrease in working capital sub-divided into its components , and movements in net liquid funds .
increase or [lower] in working capital sub-divided into its components , and movements in net liquid funds .

Yes , as you get older , there is a slight decrease in metabolic rate , but this effect is very small .
yes , as you get older , there is a slight [lower] in metabolic rate , but this effect is very small .

Crabs select the larger individuals from amongst first-year dog-whelks ( Feare , 1970a ) so that rapid growth at this stage may decrease the individual 's chances of survival .
crabs select the larger individuals from amongst first-year dog-whelks ( feare , 1970a ) so that rapid growth at this stage may [lower] the individual 's chances of survival .

Public service capacity would improve and the need for expatriates would decrease by more than ten percent ( Green , n.d. , 1992 ) .
public service capacity would improve and the need for expatriates would [lower] by more than ten percent ( green , n.d. , 1992 ) .

The information contained in the above tables shows that there has been a long-term trend this century for the proportion of non-manual jobs to increase , and of manual jobs to decrease .
the information contained in the above tables shows that there has been a long-term trend this century for the proportion of non-manual jobs to increase , and of manual jobs to [lower] .

Indeed many astrophysical processes , such as the spreading out of gas by galactic winds and supernovae , would decrease the local baryon fraction .
indeed many astrophysical processes , such as the spreading out of gas by galactic winds and supernovae , would [lower] the local baryon fraction .

Palaeoclimate reconstructions indicate that the meridional temperature gradients decrease , and poleward heat flow increases , as global mean temperature increases . This does not mean that changes in poleward heat flow cause significant warming , however ,
palaeoclimate reconstructions indicate that the meridional temperature gradients [lower] , and poleward heat flow increases , as global mean temperature increases . this does not mean that changes in poleward heat flow cause significant warming , however ,

In the eastern Scottish borders , for example , the establishment of pea processing plants led to a switch from sugar beet and potato production to peas , which require less labour than the crops they replaced , and the result was a net decrease in agricultural employment ( Hodge and Whitby 1979 ) .
in the eastern scottish borders , for example , the establishment of pea processing plants led to a switch from sugar beet and potato production to peas , which require less labour than the crops they replaced , and the result was a net [lower] in agricultural employment ( hodge and whitby 1979 ) .

As a proportion of total population , this represents a decrease from 65.2 per cent in 1801 to just under one-half in 1851 and to 17.6 per cent in 1939 .
as a proportion of total population , this represents a [lower] from 65.2 per cent in 1801 to just under one-half in 1851 and to 17.6 per cent in 1939 .

In the first there is natural decrease and out-migration :
in the first there is natural [lower] and out-migration :

This is not a very remote county , but some districts still lost up to one-fifth of their population in only 20 years , roughly equivalent to the 17.6 per cent decrease that occurred in the population of the Scottish Islands during the same period ( Dunn et al .
this is not a very remote county , but some districts still lost up to one-fifth of their population in only 20 years , roughly equivalent to the 17.6 per cent [lower] that occurred in the population of the scottish islands during the same period ( dunn et al .

Once within the council sector , tenants may find their circumstances changing : families may increase or decrease and places of work or school attendance may change , so that many tenants apply to transfer accommodation .
once within the council sector , tenants may find their circumstances changing : families may increase or [lower] and places of work or school attendance may change , so that many tenants apply to transfer accommodation .

Generalizations about public transport decline almost certainly obscure the complexity of the picture in any local area , and there is very little precise , comparative information on local or even regional variations in the rates of increase , decrease or changing fortunes of different modes or routes at different dates .
generalizations about public transport decline almost certainly obscure the complexity of the picture in any local area , and there is very little precise , comparative information on local or even regional variations in the rates of increase , [lower] or changing fortunes of different modes or routes at different dates .

The ‘ keys ’ or trigger features required to ‘ unlock ’ these two types of cell are rather simple — it is just a matter of applying a small stimulus in the right place , and giving it the correct sign , an increase for one and a decrease for the other .
the ‘ keys ’ or trigger features required to ‘ unlock ’ these two types of cell are rather simple — it is just a matter of applying a small stimulus in the right place , and giving it the correct sign , an increase for one and a [lower] for the other .

The rule for rapid modification suggested earlier was actually anti-Hebbian , the opposite to the above since it postulated a decrease of synaptic efficacy whenever presynaptic activity successfully excited the post-synaptic neuron .
the rule for rapid modification suggested earlier was actually anti-hebbian , the opposite to the above since it postulated a [lower] of synaptic efficacy whenever presynaptic activity successfully excited the post-synaptic neuron .

The concentration and centralisation of capitals ( growth and merging respectively ) lead to a ‘ constant decrease in the number of capitalist magnates ’ and increasingly the ‘ monopoly of capital becomes a fetter upon the mode of production , which has flourished alongside and under it ’ ( ibid . )
the concentration and centralisation of capitals ( growth and merging respectively ) lead to a ‘ constant [lower] in the number of capitalist magnates ’ and increasingly the ‘ monopoly of capital becomes a fetter upon the mode of production , which has flourished alongside and under it ’ ( ibid . )

then opening up the prison is likely to decrease the legitimacy of the system .
then opening up the prison is likely to [lower] the legitimacy of the system .

If their model is correct , the variance of futures returns may increase or decrease as the delivery date approaches .
if their model is correct , the variance of futures returns may increase or [lower] as the delivery date approaches .

We agree with Anna Brake and Walter Krause that our study does not provide evidence for a continuing decrease in mean sperm concentration .
we agree with anna brake and walter krause that our study does not provide evidence for a continuing [lower] in mean sperm concentration .

Rowntree 's later study in York ( Rowntree , 1941 ) suggested that the introduction of widow 's benefits had led to a substantial decrease in the extent of poverty among lone mothers .
rowntree 's later study in york ( rowntree , 1941 ) suggested that the introduction of widow 's benefits had led to a substantial [lower] in the extent of poverty among lone mothers .

Conversely , equilibrium transcript concentrations were affected for genes involved in deletion : there was a 45 to 65% decrease for genes coding for NADH-dehydrogenase subunits , and a 35% decrease for the cytochrome b gene .
conversely , equilibrium transcript concentrations were affected for genes involved in deletion : there was a 45 to 65% [lower] for genes coding for nadh-dehydrogenase subunits , and a 35% [lower] for the cytochrome b gene .

These concentrations always present a clear decrease however and seem to contradict the apparent lack of a mutant phenotype .
these concentrations always present a clear [lower] however and seem to contradict the apparent lack of a mutant phenotype .

Five single bp mutation derivatives of deoP2 with a 2–5-fold decrease in CytR regulation have been characterized .
five single bp mutation derivatives of deop2 with a 2–5-fold [lower] in cytr regulation have been characterized .

In vitro , the only effect of the mutations was a decrease in the binding affinity of CytR , and a clear correlation was observed between the reduction in CytR regulation in vivo and the reduction in CytR binding in vitro .
in vitro , the only effect of the mutations was a [lower] in the binding affinity of cytr , and a clear correlation was observed between the reduction in cytr regulation in vivo and the reduction in cytr binding in vitro .

2 ) , ruling out the possibility that the decrease in CytR regulation is caused by the introduction of a new promoter .
2 ) , ruling out the possibility that the [lower] in cytr regulation is caused by the introduction of a new promoter .

The hypothesis of an association between coronary heart disease and poor oral health was not part of the design or conduct of the original or follow up studies , which would further decrease possible information bias .
the hypothesis of an association between coronary heart disease and poor oral health was not part of the design or conduct of the original or follow up studies , which would further [lower] possible information bias .

For most general practitioners a huge increase in workload and a decrease in job satisfaction will result from the closure of almost a quarter of London 's hospital beds .
for most general practitioners a huge increase in workload and a [lower] in job satisfaction will result from the closure of almost a quarter of london 's hospital beds .

Have the major insurers in the United States noticed a decrease in the cost of investigating menstrual abnormality ?
have the major insurers in the united states noticed a [lower] in the cost of investigating menstrual abnormality ?

Could it be that the awareness of this factor has contributed , at least in part , to the observed decrease in human toxoplasma infection , at least in some geographical areas ?
could it be that the awareness of this factor has contributed , at least in part , to the observed [lower] in human toxoplasma infection , at least in some geographical areas ?

The reduced prevalence of stitches was associated with the decrease in episiotomies and was not significant when episiotomies were excluded ( 436/798 ) ( 55 % ) in 1984 and 467/880 ( 53 % ) in 1989 . )
the reduced prevalence of stitches was associated with the [lower] in episiotomies and was not significant when episiotomies were excluded ( 436/798 ) ( 55 % ) in 1984 and 467/880 ( 53 % ) in 1989 . )

These estimates assume no significant ‘ spontaneous ’ decrease or increase with time and no significant regional differences in the birth prevalence of congenital abnormalities .
these estimates assume no significant ‘ spontaneous ’ [lower] or increase with time and no significant regional differences in the birth prevalence of congenital abnormalities .

We have not yet investigated any change in the incidence of dilatation and curettage in young women since this audit , but we conclude that if a strict protocol for surgery is adhered to , the proportion of patients for whom useful histological information is gained should increase and the number of dilatation and curettage operations decrease with appropriate clinical and economic advantage .
we have not yet investigated any change in the incidence of dilatation and curettage in young women since this audit , but we conclude that if a strict protocol for surgery is adhered to , the proportion of patients for whom useful histological information is gained should increase and the number of dilatation and curettage operations [lower] with appropriate clinical and economic advantage .

Smoking is associated with a significant and dose dependent decrease in the concentration of antigen presenting Langerhans ' cells in the normal cervical epithelium .
smoking is associated with a significant and dose dependent [lower] in the concentration of antigen presenting langerhans ' cells in the normal cervical epithelium .

The advantage of chemotherapy in previously asymptomatic patients might be questioned in view of the side effects and the initial , though only minor and transient , decrease in patients ' subjective wellbeing .
the advantage of chemotherapy in previously asymptomatic patients might be questioned in view of the side effects and the initial , though only minor and transient , [lower] in patients ' subjective wellbeing .

However , our study was conducted before ondansetron became available , which in our experience would probably have prevented the initial decrease in quality of life in patients receiving cisplatin .
however , our study was conducted before ondansetron became available , which in our experience would probably have prevented the initial [lower] in quality of life in patients receiving cisplatin .

Since the introduction of Medicare in 1984 the proportion of the population covered by private insurance has dropped from 62 % in 1983 to 42 % in 1992 , with a large decrease in coverage among young people .
since the introduction of medicare in 1984 the proportion of the population covered by private insurance has dropped from 62 % in 1983 to 42 % in 1992 , with a large [lower] in coverage among young people .

The number of cases for discipline decrease but there is still the occasional case of antenuptial fornication up to the closure of the book in 1916 .
the number of cases for discipline [lower] but there is still the occasional case of antenuptial fornication up to the closure of the book in 1916 .

The aim is not to increase the community nurses ' workload but rather to decrease time spent chasing the social work team .
the aim is not to increase the community nurses ' workload but rather to [lower] time spent chasing the social work team .

This would decrease the exposure of skin to blood , and when a needlestick injury does occur there will be a reduction in the amount of blood inoculated .
this would [lower] the exposure of skin to blood , and when a needlestick injury does occur there will be a reduction in the amount of blood inoculated .

Physical activities and games decrease the isolation of patients and encourage the patient to develop appropriate attitudes to new situations .
physical activities and games [lower] the isolation of patients and encourage the patient to develop appropriate attitudes to new situations .

After her delivery the symptoms did not decrease and a maintenance dose of oral prednisolone , 12.5 mg/day , was also prescribed .
after her delivery the symptoms did not [lower] and a maintenance dose of oral prednisolone , 12.5 mg/day , was also prescribed .

Thus women with a high probability of developing such problems can be separated out for preventive therapy research programmes , in an effort to decrease the morbidity and mortality these women subsequently suffer .
thus women with a high probability of developing such problems can be separated out for preventive therapy research programmes , in an effort to [lower] the morbidity and mortality these women subsequently suffer .

Parents ' reports of birth weight and gestational age are sufficiently accurate for analysis and not necessarily worse than hospital case notes ; lack of accuracy would decrease rather than increase the strength of the observed associations .
parents ' reports of birth weight and gestational age are sufficiently accurate for analysis and not necessarily worse than hospital case notes ; lack of accuracy would [lower] rather than increase the strength of the observed associations .

Many children had a partial understanding of the process of evaporation and were aware that the decrease in water level was in some way connected to the sun and heat .
many children had a partial understanding of the process of evaporation and were aware that the [lower] in water level was in some way connected to the sun and heat .

Second , there is the issue of the increase or decrease in overtly exploitative , degrading and violent forms of sexuality .
second , there is the issue of the increase or [lower] in overtly exploitative , degrading and violent forms of sexuality .

Nevertheless , education is one of the areas of our society in which the inequalities between men and women are at their least , and appear to be continuing to decrease .
nevertheless , education is one of the areas of our society in which the inequalities between men and women are at their least , and appear to be continuing to [lower] .

a decrease in family size .
a [lower] in family size .

The amount of the increase or decrease is a matter of preference .
the amount of the increase or [lower] is a matter of preference .

If pij<p'ij then decrease wij .
if pij<p'ij then [lower] wij .

It is worth remembering that the rarity of ancient coins can not increase , only decrease , so caution is advised when collecting them .
it is worth remembering that the rarity of ancient coins can not increase , only [lower] , so caution is advised when collecting them .

The acute starvation of anorexia may be life-threatening from malnutrition , disturbance of body fluid balance and decrease in defence against infections and should therefore be supervised in hospital or a specialist addiction unit — ( This corresponds to the acute risks of epileptic fits or delirium tremens in withdrawal in alcoholism . )
the acute starvation of anorexia may be life-threatening from malnutrition , disturbance of body fluid balance and [lower] in defence against infections and should therefore be supervised in hospital or a specialist addiction unit — ( this corresponds to the acute risks of epileptic fits or delirium tremens in withdrawal in alcoholism . )

The coin-slot fruit machines of the amusement arcades may be joined nowadays by sophisticated video-games and the age of the gambler may progressively decrease but the addictive disease remains the same just as when the younger generation sometimes turns to solvents in place of the addictive use of alcohol or tranquillisers in their parents .
the coin-slot fruit machines of the amusement arcades may be joined nowadays by sophisticated video-games and the age of the gambler may progressively [lower] but the addictive disease remains the same just as when the younger generation sometimes turns to solvents in place of the addictive use of alcohol or tranquillisers in their parents .

Similarly if less time is taken on the entry turn ( eg sector 3 non-hold side ) decrease the outbound time .
similarly if less time is taken on the entry turn ( eg sector 3 non-hold side ) [lower] the outbound time .

In four consecutive years the changes relative to the previous year were as follows : 20 % increase , 20 % decrease , 20 % increase , 20 % decrease .
in four consecutive years the changes relative to the previous year were as follows : 20 % increase , 20 % [lower] , 20 % increase , 20 % [lower] .

Mr. Peter Walker : Between June 1987 and January 1989 , seasonally adjusted unemployment has fallen in Wales by 40,900 , from 12.6 to 9.2 per cent. , a decrease of over 27 per cent .
mr. peter walker : between june 1987 and january 1989 , seasonally adjusted unemployment has fallen in wales by 40,900 , from 12.6 to 9.2 per cent. , a [lower] of over 27 per cent .

The ‘ Scramble ’ segment indicates , Hayzen says , a decrease in productivity being covered by price recovery .
the ‘ scramble ’ segment indicates , hayzen says , a [lower] in productivity being covered by price recovery .

One is learning : the error rate decreases with practice : each line illustrates a decrease in the error rate since starting .
one is learning : the error rate decreases with practice : each line illustrates a [lower] in the error rate since starting .

Schooling in fish ( and this is not the only example ) serves to decrease the chance of being eaten .
schooling in fish ( and this is not the only example ) serves to [lower] the chance of being eaten .

The solution it offers is that the pay-off to dangerous fighting will decrease as the habit becomes commoner , which will decrease the amount of dangerous fighting in nature .
the solution it offers is that the pay-off to dangerous fighting will [lower] as the habit becomes commoner , which will [lower] the amount of dangerous fighting in nature .

It might be that if a bird tried to defend too large a territory the amount of energy it would gain from its territorial habit would actually decrease , as it spent more energy on extra defence than it gained from extra food supplies .
it might be that if a bird tried to defend too large a territory the amount of energy it would gain from its territorial habit would actually [lower] , as it spent more energy on extra defence than it gained from extra food supplies .

Fighting may be restrained because the advantage of dangerous tactics will decrease as the habit becomes more frequent in the population .
fighting may be restrained because the advantage of dangerous tactics will [lower] as the habit becomes more frequent in the population .

Moreover , the most bizarre sexual characteristics , such as the amazing plumage of male birds of paradise , probably decrease the chances of survival of their bearers .
moreover , the most bizarre sexual characteristics , such as the amazing plumage of male birds of paradise , probably [lower] the chances of survival of their bearers .

Since the Royal Commission on Population found that out of a sample of 7,625 pregnancies only 147 resulted in criminal abortions ( equal to 2 per cent of all pregnancies and 17 per cent of all abortions ) , it is unlikely that changes in the abortion rate played a major part in accounting for the decrease in working class fertility .
since the royal commission on population found that out of a sample of 7,625 pregnancies only 147 resulted in criminal abortions ( equal to 2 per cent of all pregnancies and 17 per cent of all abortions ) , it is unlikely that changes in the abortion rate played a major part in accounting for the [lower] in working class fertility .

’ In this context , it is likely that changes in the nature of marital relations resulting from the increasingly private nature of family life , together with an increasing tendency by working people to plan for the future , were the most important variables explaining the decrease in working class fertility during the inter-war years , at a time when the employed working man enjoyed a more regular and higher real wage than ever before .
’ in this context , it is likely that changes in the nature of marital relations resulting from the increasingly private nature of family life , together with an increasing tendency by working people to plan for the future , were the most important variables explaining the [lower] in working class fertility during the inter-war years , at a time when the employed working man enjoyed a more regular and higher real wage than ever before .

An important feature of such costs is that they tend to increase rather than decrease with sales volume .
an important feature of such costs is that they tend to increase rather than [lower] with sales volume .

Natural constituents such as ammonia , soil particles , seaspray , and volcanic emissions of sulphur dioxide and hydrogen sulphide can increase or decrease the pH of precipitation .
natural constituents such as ammonia , soil particles , seaspray , and volcanic emissions of sulphur dioxide and hydrogen sulphide can increase or [lower] the ph of precipitation .

( 1983 ) analysed the 120 sites individually with five or more years of data between 1956 and 1976 , only 29 showed a significant trend of increasing annual average rainfall acidity and five showed a decrease .
( 1983 ) analysed the 120 sites individually with five or more years of data between 1956 and 1976 , only 29 showed a significant trend of increasing annual average rainfall acidity and five showed a [lower] .

Only two common sites were available for a comparison between 1955–6 and 1972–3 , with one showing increasing pH , and the other showing a decrease .
only two common sites were available for a comparison between 1955–6 and 1972–3 , with one showing increasing ph , and the other showing a [lower] .

However , during the last few decades a further , more marked , decrease occurred from values around pH 6 to the present-day values of about pH 4.5 ( figure 4.8 ) .
however , during the last few decades a further , more marked , [lower] occurred from values around ph 6 to the present-day values of about ph 4.5 ( figure 4.8 ) .

By the early 1980s its annual emission had been reduced to 630,000 tonnes ( equivalent to the total national emissions of sulphur dioxide from countries such as Sweden , Belgium and Denmark ) and , in line with Canadian policy , it is expected to decrease to around 300,000 tonnes by 1995 .
by the early 1980s its annual emission had been reduced to 630,000 tonnes ( equivalent to the total national emissions of sulphur dioxide from countries such as sweden , belgium and denmark ) and , in line with canadian policy , it is expected to [lower] to around 300,000 tonnes by 1995 .

Whether or not the testing of nuclear weapons in the early 1960s caused a significant decrease in stratospheric ozone may remain controversial , but it is generally agreed by researchers that a future large-scale nuclear exchange with detonations totalling 5000–10,000 million tonnes would lead to substantial depletion of stratospheric ozone .
whether or not the testing of nuclear weapons in the early 1960s caused a significant [lower] in stratospheric ozone may remain controversial , but it is generally agreed by researchers that a future large-scale nuclear exchange with detonations totalling 5000–10,000 million tonnes would lead to substantial depletion of stratospheric ozone .

Year-to-year variations in sulphur dioxide concentrations occur such as the 1 per cent increase between 1987 and 1988 and the 3 per cent decrease between 1988 and 1989 .
year-to-year variations in sulphur dioxide concentrations occur such as the 1 per cent increase between 1987 and 1988 and the 3 per cent [lower] between 1988 and 1989 .

This trend reflects a 23 per cent decrease in national carbon monoxide emissions .
this trend reflects a 23 per cent [lower] in national carbon monoxide emissions .

The dominating influence of meteorological conditions on the ozone trend is highlighted by trends in emissions of VOCs ( involved in the formation of ozone ) since these emissions show a decrease of nearly 20 per cent during the 1980s .
the dominating influence of meteorological conditions on the ozone trend is highlighted by trends in emissions of vocs ( involved in the formation of ozone ) since these emissions show a [lower] of nearly 20 per cent during the 1980s .

This decrease was achieved in part by highway vehicles reducing their emissions by one-third during this decade even though the number of vehicle miles travelled increased by over one-third during the same period .
this [lower] was achieved in part by highway vehicles reducing their emissions by one-third during this decade even though the number of vehicle miles travelled increased by over one-third during the same period .

Associated with this corporatist trend , which seemed to decrease the power of the traditional peripheral politicians , was the development of regionalism as a policy mode , to which we referred earlier .
associated with this corporatist trend , which seemed to [lower] the power of the traditional peripheral politicians , was the development of regionalism as a policy mode , to which we referred earlier .

Taxes on the private sector produced by a social welfarist strategy raise costs and decrease competitiveness .
taxes on the private sector produced by a social welfarist strategy raise costs and [lower] competitiveness .

Repetitive touching of the body surface results in a decrease in the amplitude and probability of withdrawal of the gill and siphon , a decrease which can persist for weeks .
repetitive touching of the body surface results in a [lower] in the amplitude and probability of withdrawal of the gill and siphon , a [lower] which can persist for weeks .

Once it is in place , the rate of insertion of bricks can decrease once more to its previous level , in balance with the rate of removal .
once it is in place , the rate of insertion of bricks can [lower] once more to its previous level , in balance with the rate of removal .

Unless there are good and generally agreed reasons for doing otherwise , the rule which readily minimises conflict is simply to decrease each department 's budget by the same percentage .
unless there are good and generally agreed reasons for doing otherwise , the rule which readily minimises conflict is simply to [lower] each department 's budget by the same percentage .

They next moaned about the decrease of learning in England , with Monboddo complaining of , in Scotland , not learning 's mere decrease , but its extinction .
they next moaned about the [lower] of learning in england , with monboddo complaining of , in scotland , not learning 's mere [lower] , but its extinction .

Who knows how close the rest of Britain came to resembling Northern Ireland when plastic bullets were introduced at Broadwater Farm , but not used due to a decrease in the violence .
who knows how close the rest of britain came to resembling northern ireland when plastic bullets were introduced at broadwater farm , but not used due to a [lower] in the violence .

Hale ( 1989b ) argues that the long-term trend of a decrease in the proportionate use of imprisonment and a corresponding increase in the use of fines has been reversed .
hale ( 1989b ) argues that the long-term trend of a [lower] in the proportionate use of imprisonment and a corresponding increase in the use of fines has been reversed .

But if interest rates fall below the capped rate , your rate will decrease with them .
but if interest rates fall below the capped rate , your rate will [lower] with them .

‘ For the first time since the start of the recession , ’ said Mr Hayward we may be seeing some glimmer of light , particularly as the figures tie in with the slight decrease in receiverships this quarter and with recent reports of an increase in business optimism .
‘ for the first time since the start of the recession , ’ said mr hayward we may be seeing some glimmer of light , particularly as the figures tie in with the slight [lower] in receiverships this quarter and with recent reports of an increase in business optimism .

In October 1991 there was a decrease of £0.08bn in the amount outstanding on credit agreements with consumers , compared with a decrease of £0.11bn in September .
in october 1991 there was a [lower] of £0.08bn in the amount outstanding on credit agreements with consumers , compared with a [lower] of £0.11bn in september .

In the three months August to October , there was a decrease in the amounts outstanding on credit agreements with consumers of £0.21bn compared with an increase of £0.17bn in the previous three months .
in the three months august to october , there was a [lower] in the amounts outstanding on credit agreements with consumers of £0.21bn compared with an increase of £0.17bn in the previous three months .

Next row : Similar to the first decrease row ( see point 13 ) .
next row : similar to the first [lower] row ( see point 13 ) .

Start your holiday with a factor 10 or 15 and , over a two-week period , gradually decrease to factor 6 or 8 as your tan develops .
start your holiday with a factor 10 or 15 and , over a two-week period , gradually [lower] to factor 6 or 8 as your tan develops .

For safer sunning protect your skin with a high-factor sunscreen and slowly decrease to lower factors .
for safer sunning protect your skin with a high-factor sunscreen and slowly [lower] to lower factors .

Yet , in that period the number of females working part-time increased by a larger amount , 974,000 , so there was a decrease in female full-time work .
yet , in that period the number of females working part-time increased by a larger amount , 974,000 , so there was a [lower] in female full-time work .

The reduction in fertility from the mid 1960s peak has led to a decrease in the average size of family households , with a very marked drop in the number of very large households .
the reduction in fertility from the mid 1960s peak has led to a [lower] in the average size of family households , with a very marked drop in the number of very large households .

The decrease in the pace of urban-rural movement in the late 1970s can partly be ascribed to some of the same factors working in reverse .
the [lower] in the pace of urban-rural movement in the late 1970s can partly be ascribed to some of the same factors working in reverse .

In every one of the 13 Inner London Boroughs the population decrease exceeded 10 per cent between 1971 and 1981 ; in Kensington and Chelsea the actual decrease was almost 29 per cent .
in every one of the 13 inner london boroughs the population [lower] exceeded 10 per cent between 1971 and 1981 ; in kensington and chelsea the actual [lower] was almost 29 per cent .

… let the organization of a canine animal become slightly plastic , which animal preyed chiefly on rabbits , but sometimes on hares ; let these same changes cause the number of rabbits very slowly to decrease and the number of hares to increase ; the effect of this would be that the fox or dog would be driven to try to catch more hares , and his numbers would tend to decrease ; his organization , however , being slightly plastic , those individuals with the lightest forms , longest limbs , and best eyesight ( though perhaps with less cunning or scent ) would be slightly favoured , let the difference be ever so small , and would tend to live longer and to survive during that time of the year when food was shortest ; they would also rear more young , which young would tend to inherit these slight peculiarities .
… let the organization of a canine animal become slightly plastic , which animal preyed chiefly on rabbits , but sometimes on hares ; let these same changes cause the number of rabbits very slowly to [lower] and the number of hares to increase ; the effect of this would be that the fox or dog would be driven to try to catch more hares , and his numbers would tend to [lower] ; his organization , however , being slightly plastic , those individuals with the lightest forms , longest limbs , and best eyesight ( though perhaps with less cunning or scent ) would be slightly favoured , let the difference be ever so small , and would tend to live longer and to survive during that time of the year when food was shortest ; they would also rear more young , which young would tend to inherit these slight peculiarities .

’ He compiled the first useful tables of travel times of seismic phases and used them to show that wave speeds increase smoothly with depth , up to a point where they suffer a sharp decrease , which he identified with the boundary of a central core ‘ possessing radically different physical properties ’ , though he did not conclude that the core was liquid .
’ he compiled the first useful tables of travel times of seismic phases and used them to show that wave speeds increase smoothly with depth , up to a point where they suffer a sharp [lower] , which he identified with the boundary of a central core ‘ possessing radically different physical properties ’ , though he did not conclude that the core was liquid .

The profit and loss account shows the increase or decrease in the money held over the year .
the profit and loss account shows the increase or [lower] in the money held over the year .

As swell waves or wind-driven waves run into shallow water the velocity and wave length both decrease , as also does the wave height at first , but when the ratio of depth to wave length falls below 0.06 the waves increase in height immediately prior to breaking ( Bird , 1968 ) .
as swell waves or wind-driven waves run into shallow water the velocity and wave length both [lower] , as also does the wave height at first , but when the ratio of depth to wave length falls below 0.06 the waves increase in height immediately prior to breaking ( bird , 1968 ) .

The corals were presumably killed off in glacial periods by emersion , by the decrease in sea temperature and by the increased amount of mud stirred up by the lowered sea level .
the corals were presumably killed off in glacial periods by emersion , by the [lower] in sea temperature and by the increased amount of mud stirred up by the lowered sea level .

With general reduction of the land through which it flows and a decrease in the calibre of the load , the stream is enabled to flow over decreasing gradients .
with general reduction of the land through which it flows and a [lower] in the calibre of the load , the stream is enabled to flow over decreasing gradients .

The dust from the deserts is carried considerable distances until it is dropped either by a decrease of the wind velocity or , probably more usually , by being washed down by rain .
the dust from the deserts is carried considerable distances until it is dropped either by a [lower] of the wind velocity or , probably more usually , by being washed down by rain .

economic , e.g. decrease in resources ;
economic , e.g. [lower] in resources ;

Student registrations on the course by mode show a small increase in both sandwich and part-time modes which , interestingly , has been matched by a corresponding decrease in such registrations elsewhere in the Polytechnic so that institutional figures are roughly stable over the period from 1982–87 .
student registrations on the course by mode show a small increase in both sandwich and part-time modes which , interestingly , has been matched by a corresponding [lower] in such registrations elsewhere in the polytechnic so that institutional figures are roughly stable over the period from 1982–87 .

The main features have been a decrease in the proportion of family cases ; an increase in the proportion of criminal cases ; and , over the last few years , a slight increase in the proportion of welfare benefits cases .
the main features have been a [lower] in the proportion of family cases ; an increase in the proportion of criminal cases ; and , over the last few years , a slight increase in the proportion of welfare benefits cases .

It can be shown that the decrease of density with height which occurs in all planetary atmospheres results in the bending of em waves including light .
it can be shown that the [lower] of density with height which occurs in all planetary atmospheres results in the bending of em waves including light .

If , without any transfer of angular momentum to the Earth-Moon system , the Moon were shifted into a circular orbit half the radius of its present orbit ( which is nearly circular ) , discuss whether its sidereal orbital period would initially increase or decrease .
if , without any transfer of angular momentum to the earth-moon system , the moon were shifted into a circular orbit half the radius of its present orbit ( which is nearly circular ) , discuss whether its sidereal orbital period would initially increase or [lower] .

The decrease need not have been distributed uniformly along the radius .
the [lower] need not have been distributed uniformly along the radius .

Despite these , there is no change ( in fact a slight decrease ) in level of engagement .
despite these , there is no change ( in fact a slight [lower] ) in level of engagement .

Inevitably the recession and particularly the continuing decrease in the Government 's role as a customer for nuclear technology has continued to exert pressures on our turnover with the associated need to adjust our cost base and structure .
inevitably the recession and particularly the continuing [lower] in the government 's role as a customer for nuclear technology has continued to exert pressures on our turnover with the associated need to adjust our cost base and structure .

Reductions in bus passenger and car rear seat passenger casualties have contributed in large degree to this decrease .
reductions in bus passenger and car rear seat passenger casualties have contributed in large degree to this [lower] .

As described in the previous section , this may have resulted from a decrease in the number of elderly people using buses following the introduction in September 1991 of fares for concessionary travel .
as described in the previous section , this may have resulted from a [lower] in the number of elderly people using buses following the introduction in september 1991 of fares for concessionary travel .

The figures recorded for 1991 show a decrease of 42 in casualties in this group .
the figures recorded for 1991 show a [lower] of 42 in casualties in this group .

The number of envelopes returned and the amount of cash donated both show a decrease on last year .
the number of envelopes returned and the amount of cash donated both show a [lower] on last year .

However , despite a general decrease , burning in some specific areas is still on the increase .
however , despite a general [lower] , burning in some specific areas is still on the increase .

The government and industry of the Netherlands have agreed on a scheme which will decrease the amount of packaging from 2.7 million tonnes to 1.9 million tonnes by the turn of the century .
the government and industry of the netherlands have agreed on a scheme which will [lower] the amount of packaging from 2.7 million tonnes to 1.9 million tonnes by the turn of the century .

The technique would , however , decrease the efficiency of power stations between 10 and 30 percent , hence the price rise .
the technique would , however , [lower] the efficiency of power stations between 10 and 30 percent , hence the price rise .

7.7.9.2 To pay to the Landlord on demand with Interest ( where the Landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the Premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 Increase or decrease of the Centre If at any time during the Term the Centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the Insurance Rent Percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the Landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator This requires no comment . [ 7.9 Landlord 's insurance covenants The Landlord covenants with the Tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the Landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this Lease :
7.7.9.2 to pay to the landlord on demand with interest ( where the landlord has rebuilt and reinstated the premises out of its own money ) the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply and clause 7.7.9 should contain the following amendment : … anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant wholly or partially irrecoverable … 7.8 increase or [lower] of the centre if at any time during the term the centre shall be increased or decreased on a permanent basis the insurance rent percentage shall be varied with effect from the first premium or additional premium payable in respect of a period after such a change by agreement between the parties or in default of agreement within [ 3 ] months of the first proposal for variation made by the landlord in such a manner as shall be determined to be fair and reasonable in the light of the event in question by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator this requires no comment . [ 7.9 landlord 's insurance covenants the landlord covenants with the tenant in relation to the policy of insurance effected by the landlord pursuant to [ its ] obligations contained in this lease :

It appears that a decrease in parasite-specific immune responses occurs following elevation of serum prolactin levels .
it appears that a [lower] in parasite-specific immune responses occurs following elevation of serum prolactin levels .

Treated lambs should preferably be moved to safe pasture and if this is not possible , treatment may have to be repeated at monthly intervals until the pasture larval levels decrease in early winter .
treated lambs should preferably be moved to safe pasture and if this is not possible , treatment may have to be repeated at monthly intervals until the pasture larval levels [lower] in early winter .

The clinical interview provided information about the severity and diagnosis of disorders , but also enabled researchers to measure onset and course using a concept of change-points : a point in time when an increase or decrease in the number of symptoms led to a noticeable change in a woman 's psychiatric state .
the clinical interview provided information about the severity and diagnosis of disorders , but also enabled researchers to measure onset and course using a concept of change-points : a point in time when an increase or [lower] in the number of symptoms led to a noticeable change in a woman 's psychiatric state .

They also acted to decrease the woman 's coping skills , making her more likely to become depressed or a less sensitive parent when faced with social difficulties or a lack of marital support .
they also acted to [lower] the woman 's coping skills , making her more likely to become depressed or a less sensitive parent when faced with social difficulties or a lack of marital support .

For steady mean conditions the first term of eqn ( 19.20 ) is zero , but it indicates the physical significance of the equation ; in view of the summation convention and so each term in the equation represents some process tending to increase or decrease the kinetic energy of the turbulence .
for steady mean conditions the first term of eqn ( 19.20 ) is zero , but it indicates the physical significance of the equation ; in view of the summation convention and so each term in the equation represents some process tending to increase or [lower] the kinetic energy of the turbulence .

It causes the wake to increase in width and decrease in velocity deficit with distance downstream .
it causes the wake to increase in width and [lower] in velocity deficit with distance downstream .

Quantitatively the effects are somewhat smaller ; the departure — now a decrease — of φ from unity at any given is less .
quantitatively the effects are somewhat smaller ; the departure — now a [lower] — of φ from unity at any given is less .

Consider , in particular , the case in which one of the two causes of density variation produces an increase with height and the other a decrease .
consider , in particular , the case in which one of the two causes of density variation produces an increase with height and the other a [lower] .

It is found that the former can give rise to convection even when the latter is sufficiently strong that the net effect of the two is a decrease ; i.e .
it is found that the former can give rise to convection even when the latter is sufficiently strong that the net effect of the two is a [lower] ; i.e .

Thus although the Bank of England has been obliged to restore the amount of cash it had withdrawn from the system , there has been an equal and opposite decrease in bills plus money at call held by the banks .
thus although the bank of england has been obliged to restore the amount of cash it had withdrawn from the system , there has been an equal and opposite [lower] in bills plus money at call held by the banks .

It is likely that the protein/fibre ratios for mature leaves represent the degree to which colobines avoid them and rely on more limited and seasonal resources with a concomitant decrease in population density notably at times when the preferred foods are scarce , especially at Sepilok and in Gabon .
it is likely that the protein/fibre ratios for mature leaves represent the degree to which colobines avoid them and rely on more limited and seasonal resources with a concomitant [lower] in population density notably at times when the preferred foods are scarce , especially at sepilok and in gabon .

Detailed studies of the velocity of seismic waves in the upper mantle show that after the marked increase corresponding to the Moho at the crust-mantle boundary their velocity gradually becomes greater to a depth of around 100km , where a small , but significant , decrease is found which continues to a depth of about 300 km ( Table 2.1 ) .
detailed studies of the velocity of seismic waves in the upper mantle show that after the marked increase corresponding to the moho at the crust-mantle boundary their velocity gradually becomes greater to a depth of around 100km , where a small , but significant , [lower] is found which continues to a depth of about 300 km ( table 2.1 ) .

Oxidation is the process whereby an atom or ion loses an electron and thus acquires an increase in its positive charge or decrease in its negative charge .
oxidation is the process whereby an atom or ion loses an electron and thus acquires an increase in its positive charge or [lower] in its negative charge .

As how researchers access information evolves it is likely that where the ‘ object ’ is electronic information the distinctions between the three providers will decrease .
as how researchers access information evolves it is likely that where the ‘ object ’ is electronic information the distinctions between the three providers will [lower] .

Finally , evidence from what was arguably the most traumatic period for capitalism , the post-1929 Depression in the United States , does not lend support to the real-balance hypothesis : ‘ For the 1929–32 period as a whole there was an increase in real balances of 42 per cent , and a decrease in real income of 40 per cent ’ ( Patinkin , 1951 ) .
finally , evidence from what was arguably the most traumatic period for capitalism , the post-1929 depression in the united states , does not lend support to the real-balance hypothesis : ‘ for the 1929–32 period as a whole there was an increase in real balances of 42 per cent , and a [lower] in real income of 40 per cent ’ ( patinkin , 1951 ) .

Where Keynes and Pigou parted company was in the mechanism through which the requisite decrease in real wages would occur .
where keynes and pigou parted company was in the mechanism through which the requisite [lower] in real wages would occur .

Interviews with local people in the state of Tamil Nadu revealed increased incidences of unconsciousness , vomiting and other physical symptoms among people using pesticides ; a decrease in soil fertility and numbers of earthworms and insects ; and the prevalence of a range of unsafe practices in the use of pesticides ( such as mixing them with bare hands or using old containers for food storage ) .
interviews with local people in the state of tamil nadu revealed increased incidences of unconsciousness , vomiting and other physical symptoms among people using pesticides ; a [lower] in soil fertility and numbers of earthworms and insects ; and the prevalence of a range of unsafe practices in the use of pesticides ( such as mixing them with bare hands or using old containers for food storage ) .

Ozone levels continued to decrease , by 0.7 per cent a day , in late February and early March this year , at a time when levels are normally rising .
ozone levels continued to [lower] , by 0.7 per cent a day , in late february and early march this year , at a time when levels are normally rising .

Evidence of a decline in nitrates is less clear , with a significant decrease at only three of the sites , although data from 24 suggest a downward trend .
evidence of a decline in nitrates is less clear , with a significant [lower] at only three of the sites , although data from 24 suggest a downward trend .

Greenpeace , however , argues that the priority must be the closure of nuclear power stations , not coal mines , implying an increase in the burning of coal rather than a decrease .
greenpeace , however , argues that the priority must be the closure of nuclear power stations , not coal mines , implying an increase in the burning of coal rather than a [lower] .

For women ‘ lucky ’ enough to get this childcare allowance , their husbands ' dole payments would decrease accordingly .
for women ‘ lucky ’ enough to get this childcare allowance , their husbands ' dole payments would [lower] accordingly .

From the viewpoint of a molecular biologist , the distance between us seems to decrease as our knowledge increases .
from the viewpoint of a molecular biologist , the distance between us seems to [lower] as our knowledge increases .

Although the level of the river had begun to drop , there was no corresponding decrease in the rain that continued to pour out of the skies .
although the level of the river had begun to drop , there was no corresponding [lower] in the rain that continued to pour out of the skies .

The garrison , in spite of everything and without the assistance of the Collector , continued to labour between one downpour and the next to prevent their walls of mud from oozing back into the plain from which they had been dug , but the number of men available to wield a shovel had suddenly begun to decrease alarmingly .
the garrison , in spite of everything and without the assistance of the collector , continued to labour between one downpour and the next to prevent their walls of mud from oozing back into the plain from which they had been dug , but the number of men available to wield a shovel had suddenly begun to [lower] alarmingly .

Piaget argues that a major advance in children 's ability to explain occurs around the age of seven years , and he views this advance as being attributable to the decrease in egocentrism which marks the advent of operational thought .
piaget argues that a major advance in children 's ability to explain occurs around the age of seven years , and he views this advance as being attributable to the [lower] in egocentrism which marks the advent of operational thought .

But decline does not mean `` cessation `` , immediately or even after a very long time ; although erection will occur gradually less often , ejaculation will take longer to achieve with the passing years and the frequency of sexual intercourse tends slowly to decrease , there need not be any enormous difference sexually between a man of 20 and one of 70 .
but decline does not mean `` cessation `` , immediately or even after a very long time ; although erection will occur gradually less often , ejaculation will take longer to achieve with the passing years and the frequency of sexual intercourse tends slowly to [lower] , there need not be any enormous difference sexually between a man of 20 and one of 70 .

However , if we had a matrix of order 100 , it would have 9900 off-diagonal elements , and we can only say that at each stage the sum of the squares of these elements would decrease by 1/4950 at least ; convergence to diagonal form is likely to take very much longer than for a small matrix .
however , if we had a matrix of order 100 , it would have 9900 off-diagonal elements , and we can only say that at each stage the sum of the squares of these elements would [lower] by 1/4950 at least ; convergence to diagonal form is likely to take very much longer than for a small matrix .

Because the microscope gives an image which is fuzzy over a distance of the size of the wavelength of the light being used , if we want to measure the position more accurately we must decrease the wavelength .
because the microscope gives an image which is fuzzy over a distance of the size of the wavelength of the light being used , if we want to measure the position more accurately we must [lower] the wavelength .

But the wavelength multiplied by the frequency is always equal to the velocity of light , so this decrease in wavelength has the result at the same time of increasing the frequency v. Inevitably we thereby increase the energy carried by a single photon and make its interaction with the electron correspondingly more rumbustious ( with the effect of increasing the degree of uncontrollable disturbance to its momentum ) .
but the wavelength multiplied by the frequency is always equal to the velocity of light , so this [lower] in wavelength has the result at the same time of increasing the frequency v. inevitably we thereby increase the energy carried by a single photon and make its interaction with the electron correspondingly more rumbustious ( with the effect of increasing the degree of uncontrollable disturbance to its momentum ) .

To be sure working with a narrower aperture will decrease Ap but it will bring about a compensating uncertainty Ax in the electron 's position .
to be sure working with a narrower aperture will [lower] ap but it will bring about a compensating uncertainty ax in the electron 's position .

Cigarette smoking amongst women , as amongst men , is on the decrease .
cigarette smoking amongst women , as amongst men , is on the [lower] .

Cigarette smoking is associated with a decrease in particular cells — Langerhans ' cells — which form an important part of the body 's immune system , the cell count being related to the number of cigarettes smoked daily [ 8 ] .
cigarette smoking is associated with a [lower] in particular cells — langerhans ' cells — which form an important part of the body 's immune system , the cell count being related to the number of cigarettes smoked daily [ 8 ] .

Cigarette smoking is associated with a decrease in particular cells — Langerhans ' cells — which form an important part of the body 's immune system , the cell count being related to the number of cigarettes smoked daily [ 5 ] .
cigarette smoking is associated with a [lower] in particular cells — langerhans ' cells — which form an important part of the body 's immune system , the cell count being related to the number of cigarettes smoked daily [ 5 ] .

This phenomenon of ‘ reactivity ’ is well accepted ; desirable behaviours often increase and undesirable behaviours generally decrease when they are monitored .
this phenomenon of ‘ reactivity ’ is well accepted ; desirable behaviours often increase and undesirable behaviours generally [lower] when they are monitored .

People respond to stress in different ways , some smoke , some drink alcohol , and some increase and decrease their food consumption .
people respond to stress in different ways , some smoke , some drink alcohol , and some increase and [lower] their food consumption .

But the figures in both groups indicate that there has been no decrease in housewor k time over this period .
but the figures in both groups indicate that there has been no [lower] in housewor k time over this period .

The trend towards rising standards certainly provides an explanation of why housework hours have shown no notable decrease in recent years ; pre-prepared foodstuffs , household machines and equipment , and cleaner more comfortable homes do not necessarily reduce the housewife 's work-load .
the trend towards rising standards certainly provides an explanation of why housework hours have shown no notable [lower] in recent years ; pre-prepared foodstuffs , household machines and equipment , and cleaner more comfortable homes do not necessarily reduce the housewife 's work-load .

To combine second level information with first level information would result in an overall decrease in the ratio of useful information to redundant information .
to combine second level information with first level information would result in an overall [lower] in the ratio of useful information to redundant information .

In practical terms , this would imply an overall increase in the number of spurious overlaps and a proportional decrease in the number of meaningful overlaps .
in practical terms , this would imply an overall increase in the number of spurious overlaps and a proportional [lower] in the number of meaningful overlaps .

This represented a significant increase in Gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding decrease in royal authority .
this represented a significant increase in gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding [lower] in royal authority .

Clap et al ( 1987 ) in a study of 10 fit recreational runners ' responses to jogging before and during pregnancy observed an overall decrease in exercise intensity and performance among pregnant athletes .
clap et al ( 1987 ) in a study of 10 fit recreational runners ' responses to jogging before and during pregnancy observed an overall [lower] in exercise intensity and performance among pregnant athletes .

Findings include a higher incidence of pre-eclampsia , fetal distress , asphyxia , and Ascher et al ( 1978 ) have implicated increased catecholamine levels ( reflecting the sympathetic hyperactivity associated with anxiety ) as bringing about an increase in maternal blood pressure and a decrease in uterine bloodflow , promoting fetal stressors such as hypoxia and acidosis .
findings include a higher incidence of pre-eclampsia , fetal distress , asphyxia , and ascher et al ( 1978 ) have implicated increased catecholamine levels ( reflecting the sympathetic hyperactivity associated with anxiety ) as bringing about an increase in maternal blood pressure and a [lower] in uterine bloodflow , promoting fetal stressors such as hypoxia and acidosis .

They should also be advised to warm up slowly before reaching peak activity , and to have a cool down period afterwards , to allow the muscles to gradually decrease their need for oxygen .
they should also be advised to warm up slowly before reaching peak activity , and to have a cool down period afterwards , to allow the muscles to gradually [lower] their need for oxygen .

a steady decrease in support to producers ;
a steady [lower] in support to producers ;

but a decrease that bears equally on all producers , whatever their size or location ;
but a [lower] that bears equally on all producers , whatever their size or location ;

Various outcomes have been examined in randomised controlled trials of intrapartum fetal monitoring ; the only complication to show a lower ( and largely consistent ) decrease in the monitored groups was neonatal convulsion , and this protective effect seemed to be confined to prolonged , induced , or augmented labours .
various outcomes have been examined in randomised controlled trials of intrapartum fetal monitoring ; the only complication to show a lower ( and largely consistent ) [lower] in the monitored groups was neonatal convulsion , and this protective effect seemed to be confined to prolonged , induced , or augmented labours .

The authors reported ‘ a non-significant decrease in cerebro-vascular death ’ — that is , no significant reduction in cerebrovascular death .
the authors reported ‘ a non-significant [lower] in cerebro-vascular death ’ — that is , no significant reduction in cerebrovascular death .

It is only in flatter , smaller organizational units that we see a sharp decrease in both the game-playing and the filtering .
it is only in flatter , smaller organizational units that we see a sharp [lower] in both the game-playing and the filtering .

This is particularly relevant in the cases of slow release preparations such as theophylline and of drugs that are absorbed slowly because they decrease gastric motility ( for example , tricyclic antidepressants ) .
this is particularly relevant in the cases of slow release preparations such as theophylline and of drugs that are absorbed slowly because they [lower] gastric motility ( for example , tricyclic antidepressants ) .

Furthermore , the trial in Norway was conducted during a period of consistent decrease in the prevalence of smoking among young people in the country and while a comprehensive tobacco control programme was being introduced .
furthermore , the trial in norway was conducted during a period of consistent [lower] in the prevalence of smoking among young people in the country and while a comprehensive tobacco control programme was being introduced .

There had been a staggering decrease in difficulty over a century in the largest Swedish daily , Dagens Nyheter , which roughly corresponded to the difference between children 's books and adult literature .
there had been a staggering [lower] in difficulty over a century in the largest swedish daily , dagens nyheter , which roughly corresponded to the difference between children 's books and adult literature .

Increase or decrease a sum of money by a given percentage .
increase or [lower] a sum of money by a given percentage .

So far as dreaming is concerned , it seems that the most striking difference between modern Western culture and pre-scientific cultures is not any decrease in mysticism or Informal supernatural beliefs , but an explosion in the number of alternative explanations for dreaming .
so far as dreaming is concerned , it seems that the most striking difference between modern western culture and pre-scientific cultures is not any [lower] in mysticism or informal supernatural beliefs , but an explosion in the number of alternative explanations for dreaming .

In addition , it typically becomes very difficult indeed to keep people continually awake without keeping them moving , and this naturally confounds the effects of physical fatigue with those of sleep deprivation per se ( although purposely increasing exercise levels during a vigil does not seem to increase or decrease the impairments attributable to sleep loss ) .
in addition , it typically becomes very difficult indeed to keep people continually awake without keeping them moving , and this naturally confounds the effects of physical fatigue with those of sleep deprivation per se ( although purposely increasing exercise levels during a vigil does not seem to increase or [lower] the impairments attributable to sleep loss ) .

Average response speed tended to decrease over a period of twenty minutes in sleep-deprived subjects , unlike in rested controls .
average response speed tended to [lower] over a period of twenty minutes in sleep-deprived subjects , unlike in rested controls .

If no precautions are taken to prevent infections it is inevitable that the health of the animals will deteriorate with a resulting decrease in breeding performance or death .
if no precautions are taken to prevent infections it is inevitable that the health of the animals will deteriorate with a resulting [lower] in breeding performance or death .

decrease in volume and increase in respiration rate
[lower] in volume and increase in respiration rate

decrease in urine volume .
[lower] in urine volume .

She had a wound that was still uncomfortable and restricted some of her movements , but once the sutures were removed , the discomfort would gradually decrease .
she had a wound that was still uncomfortable and restricted some of her movements , but once the sutures were removed , the discomfort would gradually [lower] .

Throttle control is n't enough on its own to do this and riders play a treacherous and delicate juggling act , weighting the footrests , shifting body weight and manipulating the throttle to increase or decrease rear tyre grip as required .
throttle control is n't enough on its own to do this and riders play a treacherous and delicate juggling act , weighting the footrests , shifting body weight and manipulating the throttle to increase or [lower] rear tyre grip as required .

In contrast , many retirement areas , such as the coasts of north Wales , north-west England , and Sussex , grew by virtue of continued in-migration exceeding natural decrease , itself a consequence of unbalanced age structure ( type 1 ) .
in contrast , many retirement areas , such as the coasts of north wales , north-west england , and sussex , grew by virtue of continued in-migration exceeding natural [lower] , itself a consequence of unbalanced age structure ( type 1 ) .

In Greater London ( where decline has recently reversed ) and in some of the older industrial areas , together with some remote rural areas in highland Scotland and Wales , long-standing out-migration created a population growing older but not yet suffering natural decrease ( type 5 ) .
in greater london ( where decline has recently reversed ) and in some of the older industrial areas , together with some remote rural areas in highland scotland and wales , long-standing out-migration created a population growing older but not yet suffering natural [lower] ( type 5 ) .

Finally , if incidence falls below outcidence ( water is pouring into the sink at a slower rate than it is draining off ) , there will be a decrease in annual prevalence ( the water level in the sink drops ) .
finally , if incidence falls below outcidence ( water is pouring into the sink at a slower rate than it is draining off ) , there will be a [lower] in annual prevalence ( the water level in the sink drops ) .

First , our working model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ maintains that prevalence ( all cases ) will increase if incidence ( new cases ) outstrips outcidence ( the number of individuals ‘ coming off ’ heroin ) , and conversely that prevalence will decrease if the outcidence rate exceeds the incidence rate .
first , our working model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ maintains that prevalence ( all cases ) will increase if incidence ( new cases ) outstrips outcidence ( the number of individuals ‘ coming off ’ heroin ) , and conversely that prevalence will [lower] if the outcidence rate exceeds the incidence rate .

7 ) ; and the decline in the size of the youth population , due largely to the drop in the birth rate during the 1960s-that is , the absolute number of known heroin users could decrease while the rate per 1,000 youths remained the same or even increased ( the population figures from which our prevalence rates were calculated derived from 1981 Census statistics , and do not take into account projected trends ) .
7 ) ; and the decline in the size of the youth population , due largely to the drop in the birth rate during the 1960s-that is , the absolute number of known heroin users could [lower] while the rate per 1,000 youths remained the same or even increased ( the population figures from which our prevalence rates were calculated derived from 1981 census statistics , and do not take into account projected trends ) .

Various combinations of these factors could weigh against the surface indications of a decrease in incidence or of an imminent decrease in prevalence .
various combinations of these factors could weigh against the surface indications of a [lower] in incidence or of an imminent [lower] in prevalence .

Two more direct influences on ‘ susceptibility ’ that could also forestall any expected decrease in prevalence are changes in the availability , price or purity of heroin or other illicit drugs , and changes in society 's response to heroin use .
two more direct influences on ‘ susceptibility ’ that could also forestall any expected [lower] in prevalence are changes in the availability , price or purity of heroin or other illicit drugs , and changes in society 's response to heroin use .

However , previous research by this group has shown that some diabetic patients suffer a decrease in visual sensitivity that precedes loss of acuity and retinal changes , and the present study is designed to assess the prevalence of this preclinical dysfunction .
however , previous research by this group has shown that some diabetic patients suffer a [lower] in visual sensitivity that precedes loss of acuity and retinal changes , and the present study is designed to assess the prevalence of this preclinical dysfunction .

Current forecasts indicate , with the exception of a slight decrease around the turn of the millennium , that the population aged over 65 will continue to increase from 8.8 million in 1987 to 11.3 million in 2025 ( see Table 2.1 ) .
current forecasts indicate , with the exception of a slight [lower] around the turn of the millennium , that the population aged over 65 will continue to increase from 8.8 million in 1987 to 11.3 million in 2025 ( see table 2.1 ) .

For example , the overall dependency ratio for Canada is projected to decrease by 3 per cent between 1980 and 2020 ; this masks a predicted 205 per cent increase in the gerontic ratio over the same period .
for example , the overall dependency ratio for canada is projected to [lower] by 3 per cent between 1980 and 2020 ; this masks a predicted 205 per cent increase in the gerontic ratio over the same period .

Visits to friends/relatives decrease with age ( figure 2.6 ) .
visits to friends/relatives [lower] with age ( figure 2.6 ) .

There has been both an increase in the total number of households and a decrease in the average household size .
there has been both an increase in the total number of households and a [lower] in the average household size .

This is reflected in the growth in the number of households and the decrease in household size .
this is reflected in the growth in the number of households and the [lower] in household size .

These changes reflect a variety of social factors , including the decrease in the age of marriage , a decrease in the average age at which the last child is born combined with a closer spacing of children .
these changes reflect a variety of social factors , including the [lower] in the age of marriage , a [lower] in the average age at which the last child is born combined with a closer spacing of children .

Since 1951 there has been a significant decrease in the labour force participation of older male workers .
since 1951 there has been a significant [lower] in the labour force participation of older male workers .

Johnson ( 1988 ) observes that this decrease is not a new phenomenon but is a continuation of trends which have their origin in the last century .
johnson ( 1988 ) observes that this [lower] is not a new phenomenon but is a continuation of trends which have their origin in the last century .

This term relates to the effect upon natural lifespan of a decrease in premature mortality .
this term relates to the effect upon natural lifespan of a [lower] in premature mortality .

Since 1961 there has been a 19 per cent decrease in the mortality rates for males aged 65 — 74 .
since 1961 there has been a 19 per cent [lower] in the mortality rates for males aged 65 — 74 .

The largest percentage decrease in mortality during these three decades is shown by women aged 75 — 84 .
the largest percentage [lower] in mortality during these three decades is shown by women aged 75 — 84 .

For example , Japan recorded decreases in overall stroke mortality for both men and women of about 50 per cent between 1972 and 1982 ; in England and Wales the decrease was about 35 per cent over the same period ( Smith and Jacobson 1988 ) .
for example , japan recorded decreases in overall stroke mortality for both men and women of about 50 per cent between 1972 and 1982 ; in england and wales the [lower] was about 35 per cent over the same period ( smith and jacobson 1988 ) .

Changes in mortality rates will result in either a decrease or increase in prevalence according to the direction of change in mortality .
changes in mortality rates will result in either a [lower] or increase in prevalence according to the direction of change in mortality .

With increased age there is a significant decrease in the percentage describing health as being physically fit from 13 per cent ( 65 — 74 ) to 3 per cent ( aged 85 + ) .
with increased age there is a significant [lower] in the percentage describing health as being physically fit from 13 per cent ( 65 — 74 ) to 3 per cent ( aged 85 + ) .

There is a decrease with age in the percentage describing their health as good and a rise in the percentage reporting poor health ( Figure 6.1 ) .
there is a [lower] with age in the percentage describing their health as good and a rise in the percentage reporting poor health ( figure 6.1 ) .

Although there is a marked decrease with age in the percentage rating their health as good this is not matched by an increase in the percentage classed as poor .
although there is a marked [lower] with age in the percentage rating their health as good this is not matched by an increase in the percentage classed as poor .

The decrease in the percentage classed as good is matched by an increase in the percentage defined as fairly good .
the [lower] in the percentage classed as good is matched by an increase in the percentage defined as fairly good .

For a patient aged 75 + the decrease was from 41.4 days to 24.7 days , a decrease of 40.3 per cent .
for a patient aged 75 + the [lower] was from 41.4 days to 24.7 days , a [lower] of 40.3 per cent .

In that ten-year period there was a slight decrease in overall first admission rates ; — 4 per cent for males and — 16 per cent for females .
in that ten-year period there was a slight [lower] in overall first admission rates ; — 4 per cent for males and — 16 per cent for females .

For those aged 65 + only women aged 65 — 74 years show this decrease in first admission rates ( see Figures 7.7 and 7.8 ) .
for those aged 65 + only women aged 65 — 74 years show this [lower] in first admission rates ( see figures 7.7 and 7.8 ) .

In this situation capital inflows should increase and capital outflows decrease because buying the domestic currency now would provide capital account transactors with a potential capital gain .
in this situation capital inflows should increase and capital outflows [lower] because buying the domestic currency now would provide capital account transactors with a potential capital gain .

Alternatively speculators might think that the exchange value of the domestic currency will fall even further in the future , perhaps because they expect the current account deficit to become permanent , and so capital inflows will decrease and capital outflows decrease accordingly .
alternatively speculators might think that the exchange value of the domestic currency will fall even further in the future , perhaps because they expect the current account deficit to become permanent , and so capital inflows will [lower] and capital outflows [lower] accordingly .

An increase or decrease in government spending will stimulate or contract national income by an amount given by the value of the multiplier .
an increase or [lower] in government spending will stimulate or contract national income by an amount given by the value of the multiplier .

Consequently the first effect of an increase in the money supply is expected to be a decrease in interest rates .
consequently the first effect of an increase in the money supply is expected to be a [lower] in interest rates .

The aims of religion 's God are the same as the aims of reason — love of mankind and decrease in suffering .
the aims of religion 's god are the same as the aims of reason — love of mankind and [lower] in suffering .

Science and reason seem now to offer mankind more hope of happiness and a decrease in suffering than is offered in religions .
science and reason seem now to offer mankind more hope of happiness and a [lower] in suffering than is offered in religions .

Decrease in air traffic growth
[lower] in air traffic growth

Decrease in the value of your car following repair .
[lower] in the value of your car following repair .

Decrease in the value of your car following repair .
[lower] in the value of your car following repair .

Decrease in the value of your car following repair .
[lower] in the value of your car following repair .

The number of books issued in the Main Reading Room , 203,442 , shows a decrease of nearly 6% , but this is almost certainly due to the disruption in book supply caused by the progressive programme of floor closures required by fire alarm renewal installation work throughout the second half of the year .
the number of books issued in the main reading room , 203,442 , shows a [lower] of nearly 6% , but this is almost certainly due to the disruption in book supply caused by the progressive programme of floor closures required by fire alarm renewal installation work throughout the second half of the year .

Lending Services dealt with 25,894 requests during the year , a decrease of 326 ( 1 % ) .
lending services dealt with 25,894 requests during the year , a [lower] of 326 ( 1 % ) .

Whenever there was an increase in time spent on that area described as ‘ other ’ in the analysis sheet , there appeared to be a corresponding decrease in time with pupils and on curriculum development .
whenever there was an increase in time spent on that area described as ‘ other ’ in the analysis sheet , there appeared to be a corresponding [lower] in time with pupils and on curriculum development .

The number of envelopes returned and the amount of cash donated both show a decrease on last year .
the number of envelopes returned and the amount of cash donated both show a [lower] on last year .

Bureaucracy distorts the tasks of social organizations more than it does in management , where ‘ the accumulation of bureaucratic relations does not necessarily decrease efficiency ’ .
bureaucracy distorts the tasks of social organizations more than it does in management , where ‘ the accumulation of bureaucratic relations does not necessarily [lower] efficiency ’ .

Although the total number of recurrences during the entire follow up period was higher in the corrosive group , there was a noticeable decrease in the recurrence rate in this group over time ( Fig 2 ) .
although the total number of recurrences during the entire follow up period was higher in the corrosive group , there was a noticeable [lower] in the recurrence rate in this group over time ( fig 2 ) .

Occasionally , syncopal episodes decrease in frequency and may even disappear with increasing age .
occasionally , syncopal episodes [lower] in frequency and may even disappear with increasing age .

This represented a significant increase in Gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding decrease in royal authority .
this represented a significant increase in gloucester 's power in the region , but not necessarily a corresponding [lower] in royal authority .

Patients with duodenal ulcer showed a significant increase , in both absolute and percentage values , in phosphatidylcholine , phosphatidylethanolamine , and phosphatidylserine , and a decrease in phosphatidylinositol and lysolecithin compared with controls .
patients with duodenal ulcer showed a significant increase , in both absolute and percentage values , in phosphatidylcholine , phosphatidylethanolamine , and phosphatidylserine , and a [lower] in phosphatidylinositol and lysolecithin compared with controls .

The widest variations were seen in chronic atrophic gastritis : a lysolecithin decrease and a phosphatidylcholine increase much greater than in duodenal ulcer .
the widest variations were seen in chronic atrophic gastritis : a lysolecithin [lower] and a phosphatidylcholine increase much greater than in duodenal ulcer .

While these authors also noted a slight decrease in the proliferative activity of the distal colon , they found that this difference remained constant regardless of the risk status of the subject ( normal controls , small or large adenomas , colon cancer ) .
while these authors also noted a slight [lower] in the proliferative activity of the distal colon , they found that this difference remained constant regardless of the risk status of the subject ( normal controls , small or large adenomas , colon cancer ) .

Although elemental diet is known to decrease gastrointestinal protein loss , faecal leucocyte excretion , and improve intestinal permedability in acute Crohn 's disease , its underlying mode of action remains unclear .
although elemental diet is known to [lower] gastrointestinal protein loss , faecal leucocyte excretion , and improve intestinal permedability in acute crohn 's disease , its underlying mode of action remains unclear .

The annual number of deaths from pancreatitis decreased from 132 to 52 from 1970 to 1989 , respectively ( decrease 61 % ) .
the annual number of deaths from pancreatitis decreased from 132 to 52 from 1970 to 1989 , respectively ( [lower] 61 % ) .

The mortality decreased continuously in women , the decrease in the mortality in men being less prominent since 1974 ( Table ) .
the mortality decreased continuously in women , the [lower] in the mortality in men being less prominent since 1974 ( table ) .

The incidence of discharges because of gall stone disease decreased from 368.4 to 247.4/ 100000 ( decrease 33 % ) from 1970 to 1989 ( Fig 6 ) .
the incidence of discharges because of gall stone disease decreased from 368.4 to 247.4/ 100000 ( [lower] 33 % ) from 1970 to 1989 ( fig 6 ) .

Thus , this decrease in the gall stone disease discharges may be real .
thus , this [lower] in the gall stone disease discharges may be real .

This may be because of a decreased gall stone disease rate , which could explain the decrease in pancreatitis discharges in women .
this may be because of a decreased gall stone disease rate , which could explain the [lower] in pancreatitis discharges in women .

Therefore one would have expected the proportion of severe pancreatitis to decrease .
therefore one would have expected the proportion of severe pancreatitis to [lower] .

The proportion of severe pancreatitis from all pancreatitis discharges , however , did not decrease , but increased between 1977–89 .
the proportion of severe pancreatitis from all pancreatitis discharges , however , did not [lower] , but increased between 1977–89 .

The pancreatitis related death rate , however , fell significantly in both sexes during the study period , the decrease being more noticeable in women .
the pancreatitis related death rate , however , fell significantly in both sexes during the study period , the [lower] being more noticeable in women .

The decrease in pancreatitis related mortality seen in this study has also taken place in Scotland and Göttingen , but not in Bristol .
the [lower] in pancreatitis related mortality seen in this study has also taken place in scotland and göttingen , but not in bristol .

By contrast there seems to be no increase , or even a decrease , in less serious gastric mucosal injury .
by contrast there seems to be no increase , or even a [lower] , in less serious gastric mucosal injury .

Conversely , the increased dyspepsia and the decrease in superficial mucosal injury ( if real ) imply an opposite action with Helicobacter pylori restoring the mucosal prostaglandins to concentrations capable of mediating pain and of protecting the mucosa against injury .
conversely , the increased dyspepsia and the [lower] in superficial mucosal injury ( if real ) imply an opposite action with helicobacter pylori restoring the mucosal prostaglandins to concentrations capable of mediating pain and of protecting the mucosa against injury .

Treatment was associated with a substantial improvement in continence in 12 patients and with a significant decrease in urgency ( p < 0.05 ) .
treatment was associated with a substantial improvement in continence in 12 patients and with a significant [lower] in urgency ( p < 0.05 ) .

The patients not only showed an improved continence mechanism , but also reported a significant decrease in urgency .
the patients not only showed an improved continence mechanism , but also reported a significant [lower] in urgency .

Kanof et al reported a decrease in height velocity in 88 % of Tanner 1 or 2 patients at the time of diagnosis and before treatment .
kanof et al reported a [lower] in height velocity in 88 % of tanner 1 or 2 patients at the time of diagnosis and before treatment .

Recent reports , however , show that the incidence may decrease to 0.3–0.5 % as experience increases .
recent reports , however , show that the incidence may [lower] to 0.3–0.5 % as experience increases .

The estimated response function , y=0.32436–0.11110 x , showed b 1 =0.01110 with the t test ( p < 0.005 ) , indicating that a relation exists between the occurrence of events and a decrease in tPA values .
the estimated response function , y=0.32436–0.11110 x , showed b 1 =0.01110 with the t test ( p < 0.005 ) , indicating that a relation exists between the occurrence of events and a [lower] in tpa values .

In this case we decrease cash by £200 and open a new asset column for the goods bought and put £200 in there .
in this case we [lower] cash by £200 and open a new asset column for the goods bought and put £200 in there .

Answer guide : Increase in cost of goods sold figure and decrease in profit .
answer guide : increase in cost of goods sold figure and [lower] in profit .

Balance sheet — decrease an asset and a liability .
balance sheet — [lower] an asset and a liability .

For example , if the credit period were reduced for customers to pay their debts it is likely that sales would decrease as customers may trade with another company that gives them a greater period to pay .
for example , if the credit period were reduced for customers to pay their debts it is likely that sales would [lower] as customers may trade with another company that gives them a greater period to pay .

Patients should be told that resumption of normal eating will decrease their obsessive preoccupation with food , allay urges to binge eat , relieve tiredness and depression , and allow better relationships with family and peers .
patients should be told that resumption of normal eating will [lower] their obsessive preoccupation with food , allay urges to binge eat , relieve tiredness and depression , and allow better relationships with family and peers .

Other causal connections can be argued about ; for example , tax transfers may decrease envy , facilitate participation in the mainstream of society and/or foster a sense of unity .
other causal connections can be argued about ; for example , tax transfers may [lower] envy , facilitate participation in the mainstream of society and/or foster a sense of unity .

Wages are seen as flexible upwards but ‘ sticky ’ downwards , so that rises in can not decrease the real wage rate but falls in can increase it ( illustrated in Fig .
wages are seen as flexible upwards but ‘ sticky ’ downwards , so that rises in can not [lower] the real wage rate but falls in can increase it ( illustrated in fig .

The bond thus becomes weaker and the bond enthalpies decrease .
the bond thus becomes weaker and the bond enthalpies [lower] .

Energy is thus dispersed and so we might expect an increase in entropy and not a decrease .
energy is thus dispersed and so we might expect an increase in entropy and not a [lower] .

The temperature remains constant due to the enthalpy decrease which accompanies freezing .
the temperature remains constant due to the enthalpy [lower] which accompanies freezing .

As expected , the results show a significant decrease in accuracy when initially pointing to a target while wearing prisms than for normal vision .
as expected , the results show a significant [lower] in accuracy when initially pointing to a target while wearing prisms than for normal vision .

As the size of the contingency sum reflects on the degree of uncertainty , the amount of the sum required should decrease as the project proceeds .
as the size of the contingency sum reflects on the degree of uncertainty , the amount of the sum required should [lower] as the project proceeds .

Substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .
substitution of specified material may increase or [lower] costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .

Retail turnover , down by 15 per cent in 1989 , would decrease still further .
retail turnover , down by 15 per cent in 1989 , would [lower] still further .

The government 's 1991 budget proposal [ see p. 37178 ] envisaged an allocation of $ 295,000 million for defence , a 2.6 per cent decrease on the 1990 actual level in real terms , and envisaged the closure of 35 domestic and 13 overseas military bases as well as the reduction of forces at a further 200 bases .
the government 's 1991 budget proposal [ see p. 37178 ] envisaged an allocation of $ 295,000 million for defence , a 2.6 per cent [lower] on the 1990 actual level in real terms , and envisaged the closure of 35 domestic and 13 overseas military bases as well as the reduction of forces at a further 200 bases .

It represented a 2.6 per cent decrease in real spending compared with the 1990 budget , and involved the recommended closure of 35 domestic military bases , the realignment or reduction of forces at a further 200 military facilities and the closure of 13 overseas bases .
it represented a 2.6 per cent [lower] in real spending compared with the 1990 budget , and involved the recommended closure of 35 domestic military bases , the realignment or reduction of forces at a further 200 military facilities and the closure of 13 overseas bases .

Hungary and the Soviet Union signed a trade protocol on April 18 providing that the Soviet Union would remain Hungary 's main trading partner ; however , Soviet exports to Hungary would decrease by 8.5 per cent and imports by 12 per cent .
hungary and the soviet union signed a trade protocol on april 18 providing that the soviet union would remain hungary 's main trading partner ; however , soviet exports to hungary would [lower] by 8.5 per cent and imports by 12 per cent .

What does an adverse change in financial position mean : adecrease in net assets , a decrease in specified ratios ( eg liquidity ) , a reduction in available overdraft facilities ?
what does an adverse change in financial position mean : adecrease in net assets , a [lower] in specified ratios ( eg liquidity ) , a reduction in available overdraft facilities ?

This research challenges the assumption of net creation of new jobs with the hypothesis that local authority aid may in fact serve to displace existing jobs , even leading to a net decrease in employment opportunities .
this research challenges the assumption of net creation of new jobs with the hypothesis that local authority aid may in fact serve to displace existing jobs , even leading to a net [lower] in employment opportunities .

Data from the Child Health and Education Study , a national longitudinal survey of 12,000 children from birth to 10 years , will be used to investigate social processes which increase or decrease the risk of different behaviour disorders at 10 years of age .
data from the child health and education study , a national longitudinal survey of 12,000 children from birth to 10 years , will be used to investigate social processes which increase or [lower] the risk of different behaviour disorders at 10 years of age .

The latest decrease in the bank 's Short Term Facility — of 0.5pc to a new rate of 10.25pc — was the third in less than a month , and the second in a week .
the latest [lower] in the bank 's short term facility — of 0.5pc to a new rate of 10.25pc — was the third in less than a month , and the second in a week .

In effect it was a return to the conditions of mid-Silurian times , with a corresponding decrease in provincialism , but it lasted longer and led to the fantastic flowering of the Frasnian reefs .
in effect it was a return to the conditions of mid-silurian times , with a corresponding [lower] in provincialism , but it lasted longer and led to the fantastic flowering of the frasnian reefs .

Costs tend to decrease as expertise in accessing data develops .
costs tend to [lower] as expertise in accessing data develops .

If the rays of light that form the event horizon , the boundary of the black hole , can never approach each other , the area of the event horizon might stay the same or increase with time but it could never decrease — because that would mean that at least some of the rays of light in the boundary would have to be approaching each other .
if the rays of light that form the event horizon , the boundary of the black hole , can never approach each other , the area of the event horizon might stay the same or increase with time but it could never [lower] — because that would mean that at least some of the rays of light in the boundary would have to be approaching each other .

This would mean that disorder would decrease with time .
this would mean that disorder would [lower] with time .

It would either stay constant , in which case there would be no well-defined thermodynamic arrow of time , or it would decrease , in which case the thermodynamic arrow of time would point in the opposite direction to the cosmological arrow .
it would either stay constant , in which case there would be no well-defined thermodynamic arrow of time , or it would [lower] , in which case the thermodynamic arrow of time would point in the opposite direction to the cosmological arrow .

Would the thermodynamic arrow reverse and disorder begin to decrease with time ?
would the thermodynamic arrow reverse and disorder begin to [lower] with time ?

So if disorder were to decrease in the contracting phase of the universe , one might also expect it to decrease inside a black hole .
so if disorder were to [lower] in the contracting phase of the universe , one might also expect it to [lower] inside a black hole .

The gravitational force between two bodies would decrease more rapidly with distance than it does in three dimensions .
the gravitational force between two bodies would [lower] more rapidly with distance than it does in three dimensions .

3 ) Using the up and down arrow buttons to increase or decrease the highlighted value .
3 ) using the up and down arrow buttons to increase or [lower] the highlighted value .

Whilst improvements in the material well-being of children during the period under consideration is measurable in the decrease in child mortality rates , and advances in education provision and medical care ( in other words the material evidence of the control and monitoring of children by the state ) , the historical changes which occur in the emotional/psychological category , ‘ the child ’ , are largely unknowable .
whilst improvements in the material well-being of children during the period under consideration is measurable in the [lower] in child mortality rates , and advances in education provision and medical care ( in other words the material evidence of the control and monitoring of children by the state ) , the historical changes which occur in the emotional/psychological category , ‘ the child ’ , are largely unknowable .

Blackwells , with its nationwide spread , experienced huge differences in trading , from a 20 % increase in Aberdeen to 7 % in Oxford , static in Cardiff ( ‘ good , considering Waterstones had just opened ’ ) , to a decrease at Georges in Bristol because of the new Galleries mall in Broadmead , which drew people down to that end of town .
blackwells , with its nationwide spread , experienced huge differences in trading , from a 20 % increase in aberdeen to 7 % in oxford , static in cardiff ( ‘ good , considering waterstones had just opened ’ ) , to a [lower] at georges in bristol because of the new galleries mall in broadmead , which drew people down to that end of town .

argue that the pH decrease to below 5.5 is due to acid precipitation .
argue that the ph [lower] to below 5.5 is due to acid precipitation .

There is not evidence of a systematic decrease in nutrients in the region .
there is not evidence of a systematic [lower] in nutrients in the region .

Experiments tend to show that the major contribution comes from the χ s component , indicating that there is a large decrease in entropy ( non-combinatorial ) which is acting against the dissolution process of a polymer in a solvent .
experiments tend to show that the major contribution comes from the χ s component , indicating that there is a large [lower] in entropy ( non-combinatorial ) which is acting against the dissolution process of a polymer in a solvent .

So far we have been concerned with non-polar solutions of amorphous polymers , whose solubility is increased with rising temperature , because the additional thermal motion helps to decrease attractive forces between like molecules , and encourages energetically less favourable contacts .
so far we have been concerned with non-polar solutions of amorphous polymers , whose solubility is increased with rising temperature , because the additional thermal motion helps to [lower] attractive forces between like molecules , and encourages energetically less favourable contacts .

When a polymer is transformed into a melt without degradation and is stable at even higher temperatures , η is observed to decrease rapidly as the temperature increases .
when a polymer is transformed into a melt without degradation and is stable at even higher temperatures , η is observed to [lower] rapidly as the temperature increases .

With a decrease in temperature , the flow of a polymer melt becomes increasingly sluggish as the chain motion becomes too slow to effect complete untangling of the polymer coils .
with a [lower] in temperature , the flow of a polymer melt becomes increasingly sluggish as the chain motion becomes too slow to effect complete untangling of the polymer coils .

As the temperature increases both the rigidity and the yield strength decrease while the elongation generally increases .
as the temperature increases both the rigidity and the yield strength [lower] while the elongation generally increases .

The magnitude of this decrease is a measure of the strength of the molecular dipole involved in the relaxation , where ε o is the static dielectric constant related to the actual dipole moment of the polymer and ε∞ is the dielectric constant measured at high frequencies .
the magnitude of this [lower] is a measure of the strength of the molecular dipole involved in the relaxation , where ε o is the static dielectric constant related to the actual dipole moment of the polymer and ε∞ is the dielectric constant measured at high frequencies .

Thus the application of a stress to the molecule will cause distortion , by altering the equilibrium conformation to a less probable one , resulting in a decrease in the entropy and a corresponding increase in the free energy of the system .
thus the application of a stress to the molecule will cause distortion , by altering the equilibrium conformation to a less probable one , resulting in a [lower] in the entropy and a corresponding increase in the free energy of the system .

These start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .
these start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers [lower] , the lowest level being the complete product .

There has in fact been a recent tendency for this type of mobility to decrease in most of the advanced industrial societies .
there has in fact been a recent tendency for this type of mobility to [lower] in most of the advanced industrial societies .

It seems reasonable to conclude that the situation described by economists as a `` backward-sloping supply curve for labour `` , meaning that contrary to expectations a higher price produces a decrease in labour offered , was less generally true in the mid eighteenth century than it had been earlier .
it seems reasonable to conclude that the situation described by economists as a `` backward-sloping supply curve for labour `` , meaning that contrary to expectations a higher price produces a [lower] in labour offered , was less generally true in the mid eighteenth century than it had been earlier .

Over the linear ( spreading ) region this gradient will decrease to a minimum , and will then increase in the flooding region , possibly rising to a new greatest value when complete flooding is achieved .
over the linear ( spreading ) region this gradient will [lower] to a minimum , and will then increase in the flooding region , possibly rising to a new greatest value when complete flooding is achieved .

As one would expect the best results are obtained when all of the correct words were present in the lattice , with quite a large decrease in performance being found when the lattice quality drops to 89 % .
as one would expect the best results are obtained when all of the correct words were present in the lattice , with quite a large [lower] in performance being found when the lattice quality drops to 89 % .

Proponents of this myth argue that countries with increasing per capita incomes , like Japan ( 21 % increase from 1980 to 1986 ) , have low population growth rates ( 0.7 % a year ) , whereas those with declining incomes , like Nigeria ( 28 % decrease from 1980 to 1986 ) , have much higher population growth rates ( 3.0 % ) .
proponents of this myth argue that countries with increasing per capita incomes , like japan ( 21 % increase from 1980 to 1986 ) , have low population growth rates ( 0.7 % a year ) , whereas those with declining incomes , like nigeria ( 28 % [lower] from 1980 to 1986 ) , have much higher population growth rates ( 3.0 % ) .

, but the parallel decrease in consumption is much less .
, but the parallel [lower] in consumption is much less .

decrease after the introduction of new security measures .
[lower] after the introduction of new security measures .

Gentleman tried to imply that a substantial proportion of homeless are in bed-and-breakfast accommodation , whereas the number is only 7,900 — which in London represents a decrease of 5 per cent .
gentleman tried to imply that a substantial proportion of homeless are in bed-and-breakfast accommodation , whereas the number is only 7,900 — which in london represents a [lower] of 5 per cent .

Here is the Government 's big lie : the claim that an increase in the power of the European Parliament would mean a decrease in the power of the Westminster Parliament .
here is the government 's big lie : the claim that an increase in the power of the european parliament would mean a [lower] in the power of the westminster parliament .

Where there is sustained development of neighbourhood watch schemes , there is a sustained decrease in the number of burglaries .
where there is sustained development of neighbourhood watch schemes , there is a sustained [lower] in the number of burglaries .

To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer what was the increase or decrease in manufacturing investment between 1990 and 1991 .
to ask the chancellor of the exchequer what was the increase or [lower] in manufacturing investment between 1990 and 1991 .

It forecast a decrease of 5,000 for 1987-88 ; in fact , the decrease was 7,800 .
it forecast a [lower] of 5,000 for 1987-88 ; in fact , the [lower] was 7,800 .

It forecast a fall of 3,000 for 1988-89 ; the actual decrease was 9,500 .
it forecast a fall of 3,000 for 1988-89 ; the actual [lower] was 9,500 .

Let me tell him about the previous 12 months ' statistics which show a decrease in salmonella food poisoning and that the Food Safety Act 1990 is working .
let me tell him about the previous 12 months ' statistics which show a [lower] in salmonella food poisoning and that the food safety act 1990 is working .

With not a red rose in sight on the Opposition Benches , does my right hon. Friend realise that the traditional red rose of Lancashire is alive and well on the Government Benches ? What message would my right hon. Friend and my right hon. Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancashire give us to take back to our constituents in the light of recent research showing that nearly 200 of the top British firms believe that the best way to increase unemployment and inflation and decrease investment would be the calamity of a Labour Government ?
with not a red rose in sight on the opposition benches , does my right hon. friend realise that the traditional red rose of lancashire is alive and well on the government benches ? what message would my right hon. friend and my right hon. friend the chancellor of the duchy of lancashire give us to take back to our constituents in the light of recent research showing that nearly 200 of the top british firms believe that the best way to increase unemployment and inflation and [lower] investment would be the calamity of a labour government ?

In the investigators ' recent research into subjective response to road traffic noise , it has been shown that when there is an abrupt increase or decrease in noise exposure , the change in people 's dissatisfaction with noise is greater than would be predicted from the change in noise level .
in the investigators ' recent research into subjective response to road traffic noise , it has been shown that when there is an abrupt increase or [lower] in noise exposure , the change in people 's dissatisfaction with noise is greater than would be predicted from the change in noise level .

More specifically , recall is inversely proportional to precision , and vice versa ; in other words , as one increases , the other must decrease .
more specifically , recall is inversely proportional to precision , and vice versa ; in other words , as one increases , the other must [lower] .

In particular , the adoption of zero-base budgeting , so that the reversion level becomes zero spending rather than that previously agreed , may lead to an increase in the agency 's ability to pursue its own objectives — rather than the decrease commonly supposed .
in particular , the adoption of zero-base budgeting , so that the reversion level becomes zero spending rather than that previously agreed , may lead to an increase in the agency 's ability to pursue its own objectives — rather than the [lower] commonly supposed .

By a similar argument a random decrease in aggregate demand will cause the typical agent to find the price in her market lower than she was initially expecting ; she will partly ( mistakenly ) infer from this that her relative price is low and will supply less output .
by a similar argument a random [lower] in aggregate demand will cause the typical agent to find the price in her market lower than she was initially expecting ; she will partly ( mistakenly ) infer from this that her relative price is low and will supply less output .

Similarly , a single random decrease in aggregate demand could set up a multiperiod recession ( see Blinder and Fischer , 1981 ; Demery and Duck , 1985 ; Duck , 1986 ) .
similarly , a single random [lower] in aggregate demand could set up a multiperiod recession ( see blinder and fischer , 1981 ; demery and duck , 1985 ; duck , 1986 ) .

Imagine a random decrease in aggregate demand which , for the private sector , is unpredictable .
imagine a random [lower] in aggregate demand which , for the private sector , is unpredictable .

If the potential function of the ion shows no minimum , but a continuous decrease in energy with increasing internuclear distance , there are no discrete vibrational levels ; can take a continuous range of values , giving a broad band .
if the potential function of the ion shows no minimum , but a continuous [lower] in energy with increasing internuclear distance , there are no discrete vibrational levels ; can take a continuous range of values , giving a broad band .

This model has enough structure built into it to enable us to answer interesting questions such as : ( i ) does the marginal utility of leisure decrease or increase with duration ?
this model has enough structure built into it to enable us to answer interesting questions such as : ( i ) does the marginal utility of leisure [lower] or increase with duration ?

and ( ii ) do offer probabilities , unemployment benefit effects , and the conditional probability of leaving unemployment decrease or increase with duration ?
and ( ii ) do offer probabilities , unemployment benefit effects , and the conditional probability of leaving unemployment [lower] or increase with duration ?

The estimated reservation wages increase with age up to about 35 years and then decrease with the men aged over 55 , with estimated reservation wages for both periods which are lower than for teenage men .
the estimated reservation wages increase with age up to about 35 years and then [lower] with the men aged over 55 , with estimated reservation wages for both periods which are lower than for teenage men .

If the points shifts to the left , hence the values Ct will decrease in the infinite horizon case .
if the points shifts to the left , hence the values ct will [lower] in the infinite horizon case .

As already noted , the predictions made by the optimality theory are straightforward : an increase in σ or a decrease in k leads to an increase in optimal output in all periods except the last .
as already noted , the predictions made by the optimality theory are straightforward : an increase in σ or a [lower] in k leads to an increase in optimal output in all periods except the last .

The theory shows that an increase in a ( the riskiness of the price distribution ) , or a decrease in k ( the per unit storage cost ) is good for the firm .
the theory shows that an increase in a ( the riskiness of the price distribution ) , or a [lower] in k ( the per unit storage cost ) is good for the firm .

As particles decrease in diameter through the silt and clay sizes they become increasingly cohesive as surface ionic charges grow in relative significance .
as particles [lower] in diameter through the silt and clay sizes they become increasingly cohesive as surface ionic charges grow in relative significance .

The gradual decrease of weight of material in the column through time as sediment passes the transducer levels during settling enables estimation of the particle size ranges involved .
the gradual [lower] of weight of material in the column through time as sediment passes the transducer levels during settling enables estimation of the particle size ranges involved .

If the concentration exceeds 1 % hindered settling occurs and this may decrease settling velocities by 5 % below those of individual identical particles ( Richardson & zaki , 1954 ) .
if the concentration exceeds 1 % hindered settling occurs and this may [lower] settling velocities by 5 % below those of individual identical particles ( richardson & zaki , 1954 ) .

Thus settling appeared to decrease the spread of sizes as estimated from sieving .
thus settling appeared to [lower] the spread of sizes as estimated from sieving .

Pelletier ( 1973 ) demonstrated that the expected decrease of size with increasing depth of water was much stronger in lakes than in oceans .
pelletier ( 1973 ) demonstrated that the expected [lower] of size with increasing depth of water was much stronger in lakes than in oceans .

More important , perhaps , is the evidence given by the termination of precipitation of a cement phase , indicating a decrease in saturation , or supersaturation , of that phase within the pore fluid and , in places , dissolution of pre-existing cement phases when undersaturated pore fluids are introduced into a sediment .
more important , perhaps , is the evidence given by the termination of precipitation of a cement phase , indicating a [lower] in saturation , or supersaturation , of that phase within the pore fluid and , in places , dissolution of pre-existing cement phases when undersaturated pore fluids are introduced into a sediment .

Increasing beam energy beyond this level actually produces a decrease in luminescence intensity ; this is the inhibition phase .
increasing beam energy beyond this level actually produces a [lower] in luminescence intensity ; this is the inhibition phase .

Therefore , a thin section remaining in the beam for a long time may show a decrease in luminescence intensity as ionic-bombardment and thermal diffusion take place .
therefore , a thin section remaining in the beam for a long time may show a [lower] in luminescence intensity as ionic-bombardment and thermal diffusion take place .

At the Bank of England public deposits increase and bankers ' deposits decrease by the amount of the sale .
at the bank of england public deposits increase and bankers ' deposits [lower] by the amount of the sale .

Since the marginal utility of most goods is assumed to decrease with increasing quantities of the good , then it follows that the utility associated with each addition to one 's borrowing also diminishes .
since the marginal utility of most goods is assumed to [lower] with increasing quantities of the good , then it follows that the utility associated with each addition to one 's borrowing also diminishes .

Figure 5.9 shows , for the whole of the United Kingdom , how the pattern of secondary school provision changed between 1971 and 1988 , with a decrease in the number of grammar , secondary modern and technical schools ( or their equivalents ) , and a corresponding increase in comprehensive and ‘ middle-deemed-secondary ’ schools .
figure 5.9 shows , for the whole of the united kingdom , how the pattern of secondary school provision changed between 1971 and 1988 , with a [lower] in the number of grammar , secondary modern and technical schools ( or their equivalents ) , and a corresponding increase in comprehensive and ‘ middle-deemed-secondary ’ schools .

Literary history will be discussed in greater detail below , but , briefly stated , a historical view of literature follows inevitably from the recognition of the fact that the perceptibility of given literary conventions or devices tends to decrease over time .
literary history will be discussed in greater detail below , but , briefly stated , a historical view of literature follows inevitably from the recognition of the fact that the perceptibility of given literary conventions or devices tends to [lower] over time .

This would be good in itself as well as helping to decrease sexism in mathematics classroom materials .
this would be good in itself as well as helping to [lower] sexism in mathematics classroom materials .

To ‘ add in ’ gender as a specific category with a compelling need to be addressed is to increase rather than decrease the teacher 's predicament .
to ‘ add in ’ gender as a specific category with a compelling need to be addressed is to increase rather than [lower] the teacher 's predicament .

The privatisation proposals we have seen so far look very inadequate and are likely to decrease rail 's share of the market , if anything .
the privatisation proposals we have seen so far look very inadequate and are likely to [lower] rail 's share of the market , if anything .

The net result we are told will be an increase in rent for most council tenants in rural areas and a decrease for all tenants in Fleetwood .
the net result we are told will be an increase in rent for most council tenants in rural areas and a [lower] for all tenants in fleetwood .

This results in a particularly dramatic decrease for categories 38 , 39 and 44 , these correspond to the most common potential scenario statements : ‘ If the car ahead braked suddenly … ’ , ‘ If he pulled away suddenly … ’ and ‘ If there were pedestrians concealed … ’ .
this results in a particularly dramatic [lower] for categories 38 , 39 and 44 , these correspond to the most common potential scenario statements : ‘ if the car ahead braked suddenly … ’ , ‘ if he pulled away suddenly … ’ and ‘ if there were pedestrians concealed … ’ .

Such consultations , together with the decrease in publication delays , will lead to a reduction of the latency period , because there is now a higher probability that the thesis , or papers derived from it , will be read and subsequently cited , but there may also be other factors involved .
such consultations , together with the [lower] in publication delays , will lead to a reduction of the latency period , because there is now a higher probability that the thesis , or papers derived from it , will be read and subsequently cited , but there may also be other factors involved .

The decrease in citation rate is probably due to the publication of derived papers , which may largely obviate the need to cite the original thesis as time goes on .
the [lower] in citation rate is probably due to the publication of derived papers , which may largely obviate the need to cite the original thesis as time goes on .

The two situations are not logically comparable , since in the physical world , each nuclide which disintegrates is permanently lost from the sample , whereas in the case of documents , the original collection does not decrease when an element is sampled by citation .
the two situations are not logically comparable , since in the physical world , each nuclide which disintegrates is permanently lost from the sample , whereas in the case of documents , the original collection does not [lower] when an element is sampled by citation .

Departmental research programmes , with several researchers working on different aspects of a single large problem , may lead to improvements in efficiency through sharing the costs of overheads , and should also decrease each researcher 's isolation by improving internal communication .
departmental research programmes , with several researchers working on different aspects of a single large problem , may lead to improvements in efficiency through sharing the costs of overheads , and should also [lower] each researcher 's isolation by improving internal communication .

The dramatic decrease , which underlines the continued progress being made on the safety front , means that the Sellafield average is only 2.4 millisieverts a year , slightly under the national average of 2.5 mSv .
the dramatic [lower] , which underlines the continued progress being made on the safety front , means that the sellafield average is only 2.4 millisieverts a year , slightly under the national average of 2.5 msv .

The budget for 1991 , presented to Congress at the end of January , envisaged a 5 per cent decrease in expenditure and a reduction in the public-sector deficit to the equivalent of 2.8 per cent of the gross national product .
the budget for 1991 , presented to congress at the end of january , envisaged a 5 per cent [lower] in expenditure and a reduction in the public-sector deficit to the equivalent of 2.8 per cent of the gross national product .

New customs duties for imports introduced on Sept. 1 had the effect of replacing most of Israel 's non-tariff barriers with higher import tariffs ( which would decrease annually over coming years ) .
new customs duties for imports introduced on sept. 1 had the effect of replacing most of israel 's non-tariff barriers with higher import tariffs ( which would [lower] annually over coming years ) .

The increase in the labour supply was slow ; in 1989 a decrease in population was recorded .
the increase in the labour supply was slow ; in 1989 a [lower] in population was recorded .

If we decrease the specificity of the acoustic-phonetic information , we are likely to find an increase in word boundary ambiguity , as well as an increase in homophonic strings over the same stretch of sound .
if we [lower] the specificity of the acoustic-phonetic information , we are likely to find an increase in word boundary ambiguity , as well as an increase in homophonic strings over the same stretch of sound .

To summarize , we expect there will be homophones and over-lapping , homophonic phrases at various places in the input and that the size of such equivalence classes will increase with a decrease in the specificity of the acoustic-phonetic information .
to summarize , we expect there will be homophones and over-lapping , homophonic phrases at various places in the input and that the size of such equivalence classes will increase with a [lower] in the specificity of the acoustic-phonetic information .

This resulted in a decrease in the number of word paths , though the numbers were still extremely high .
this resulted in a [lower] in the number of word paths , though the numbers were still extremely high .

This also resulted in a slight decrease in the number of word paths , but often resulted in the loss of the correct word .
this also resulted in a slight [lower] in the number of word paths , but often resulted in the loss of the correct word .

The fact that the number of word paths should decrease using an allophonic representation is easily demonstrable .
the fact that the number of word paths should [lower] using an allophonic representation is easily demonstrable .

Thus the cost of a path can not increase , it can only stay at the same level or decrease , and the algorithm is admissible .
thus the cost of a path can not increase , it can only stay at the same level or [lower] , and the algorithm is admissible .

Governments with limited resources seeking to lower mortality and to decrease population growth will be more likely to achieve these objectives by concentrating on family planning programmes than by insisting on the primacy of health care services — and they will not be sacrificing humanitarian goals by doing so . ``
governments with limited resources seeking to lower mortality and to [lower] population growth will be more likely to achieve these objectives by concentrating on family planning programmes than by insisting on the primacy of health care services — and they will not be sacrificing humanitarian goals by doing so . ``

Recommendation 35 simply stated that : `` Governments wishing to decrease fertility levels should adopt development policies that are known to reduce the level of fertility , such as improved health , education , integration of women and social equity . ``
recommendation 35 simply stated that : `` governments wishing to [lower] fertility levels should adopt development policies that are known to reduce the level of fertility , such as improved health , education , integration of women and social equity . ``

However , depending on the mothers ' age at birth of the infant , the rate of decrease was not uniform and , as a consequence , the shape of the curves representing the relationship between infant mortality and maternal age has been somewhat modified .
however , depending on the mothers ' age at birth of the infant , the rate of [lower] was not uniform and , as a consequence , the shape of the curves representing the relationship between infant mortality and maternal age has been somewhat modified .

Other complications of pregnancy were found to decrease almost linearly with age of women .
other complications of pregnancy were found to [lower] almost linearly with age of women .

In almost all cases this led to an increase in recall ( the ratio of the number of relevant records retrieved to the total number of relevant records in the catalogue ) without decrease in precision ( the proportion of relevant records in the retrieved set ) .
in almost all cases this led to an increase in recall ( the ratio of the number of relevant records retrieved to the total number of relevant records in the catalogue ) without [lower] in precision ( the proportion of relevant records in the retrieved set ) .

Consequently there was a decrease in the food for the people themselves to eat .
consequently there was a [lower] in the food for the people themselves to eat .

Our results are in agreement with those of Marks and Thompsett who found that the earliest and most frequent finding in patients with pancreatic disease was a decrease in amylase secretion .
our results are in agreement with those of marks and thompsett who found that the earliest and most frequent finding in patients with pancreatic disease was a [lower] in amylase secretion .

With all lysosomal enzymes studied , there was a progressive decrease in latency with increasing concentrations of cholesteryl oleate when compared with phosophatidylcholine controls .
with all lysosomal enzymes studied , there was a progressive [lower] in latency with increasing concentrations of cholesteryl oleate when compared with phosophatidylcholine controls .

This decrease in latency was statistically significantly with cholesteryl oleate concentrations of 15 and 20 mM .
this [lower] in latency was statistically significantly with cholesteryl oleate concentrations of 15 and 20 mm .

The mechanism whereby cholesteryl esters decrease the stability of pancreatic lysosomes is not known .
the mechanism whereby cholesteryl esters [lower] the stability of pancreatic lysosomes is not known .

Chronic ethanol administration to rodents has been shown to increase the cholesteryl ester content and to decrease the microviscosity of hepatic plasma membranes .
chronic ethanol administration to rodents has been shown to increase the cholesteryl ester content and to [lower] the microviscosity of hepatic plasma membranes .

The acute response to nicotine in these chronically treated rats was a significant decrease in gastric secretion .
the acute response to nicotine in these chronically treated rats was a significant [lower] in gastric secretion .

These factors may have led to a decrease in the exposure of the colonic mucosa to carcinogens and may have protected the colon and negated any effect of the modest increases in the proliferative zone in the distal colon .
these factors may have led to a [lower] in the exposure of the colonic mucosa to carcinogens and may have protected the colon and negated any effect of the modest increases in the proliferative zone in the distal colon .

Administration of indomethacin caused no decrease in the glucose induced insulin release in our preparation confirming previous studies .
administration of indomethacin caused no [lower] in the glucose induced insulin release in our preparation confirming previous studies .

Induction of remission is associated with inhibition or a decrease in the formation of the inflammatory mediators or , alternatively , may be achieved by blocking their specific receptors .
induction of remission is associated with inhibition or a [lower] in the formation of the inflammatory mediators or , alternatively , may be achieved by blocking their specific receptors .

Ketotifen , a drug used for the prevention of asthma , was found to decrease significantly the extent and severity of experimental colitis in two rat models .
ketotifen , a drug used for the prevention of asthma , was found to [lower] significantly the extent and severity of experimental colitis in two rat models .

In this study , the decrease in the incidence of gastric carcinoma over two decades was 17 % which is similar to that reported from Birmingham .
in this study , the [lower] in the incidence of gastric carcinoma over two decades was 17 % which is similar to that reported from birmingham .

This could be relative to a dramatic decrease in antral tumours but a number of studies , including the present one , suggest that the increase in proximal lesions is absolute .
this could be relative to a dramatic [lower] in antral tumours but a number of studies , including the present one , suggest that the increase in proximal lesions is absolute .

The concomitant decrease in tissue histamine suggests increased sensitvity to pentagastrn stimulation similar to that seen for pepsin responses at day 3 .
the concomitant [lower] in tissue histamine suggests increased sensitvity to pentagastrn stimulation similar to that seen for pepsin responses at day 3 .

In more severe disease , plasma polyunsaturated fatty acid concentration fell with a significant stepwise decrease in the desaturation index ( p=0.0031 in ulcerative colitis and p=0.0355 in Crohn 's disease ) .
in more severe disease , plasma polyunsaturated fatty acid concentration fell with a significant stepwise [lower] in the desaturation index ( p=0.0031 in ulcerative colitis and p=0.0355 in crohn 's disease ) .

The decrease in plasma long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids associated to the increase of disease activity , was more marked int he n6 series ( arachidonic and dihomo-t > -linolenic acid ) , especially in ulcerative colitis .
the [lower] in plasma long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids associated to the increase of disease activity , was more marked int he n6 series ( arachidonic and dihomo-t > -linolenic acid ) , especially in ulcerative colitis .

Partial remission was defined as improvement of clinical symptoms and endoscopic lesions with a decrease in tumoral infiltration .
partial remission was defined as improvement of clinical symptoms and endoscopic lesions with a [lower] in tumoral infiltration .

These data suggest that , although high values of reactive oxygen species may be harmful or injurious , compounds such as indomethacin , which effectively decrease both reactive oxygen species and prostaglandins , may not be beneficial in the treatment of ulcerative colitis .
these data suggest that , although high values of reactive oxygen species may be harmful or injurious , compounds such as indomethacin , which effectively [lower] both reactive oxygen species and prostaglandins , may not be beneficial in the treatment of ulcerative colitis .

Our data , which show thatleukotriene inhibitors do not decrease chemiluminescence , suggest that the lipoxygenase pathway does not significantly contribute to the production of reactive oxygen species by the inflamed colonic mucosa .
our data , which show thatleukotriene inhibitors do not [lower] chemiluminescence , suggest that the lipoxygenase pathway does not significantly contribute to the production of reactive oxygen species by the inflamed colonic mucosa .

The known clinical benefit of leukotriene inhibitors in ulcerative colitis , however , could still be due to their ability to indirectly decrease tissue reactive oxygen species .
the known clinical benefit of leukotriene inhibitors in ulcerative colitis , however , could still be due to their ability to indirectly [lower] tissue reactive oxygen species .

As stated earlier , it is easy to misinterpret the unreliable later part of the curve ( for example , the sharp decrease in the estimated ulcer free survival of patients treated with cisapride that occurred at week 52 resulted from a single ulcer recurrence ) .
as stated earlier , it is easy to misinterpret the unreliable later part of the curve ( for example , the sharp [lower] in the estimated ulcer free survival of patients treated with cisapride that occurred at week 52 resulted from a single ulcer recurrence ) .

The suggestion that excess faecal bile acid losses in cystic fibrosis is related to the presence of intraluminal unhydrolysed triglyceride , is based on : ( 1 ) a close correlation between faecal bile acid and faecal fat excretion ; ( 2 ) the finding that improvements in fat digestion with pancreatic enzyme supplementation was associated with a concomitant reduction in faecal bile acid losses ; and ( 3 ) substitution of dietary fat with medium chain triglycerides resulted in a decrease in both faecal fat and faecal bile acid excretion .
the suggestion that excess faecal bile acid losses in cystic fibrosis is related to the presence of intraluminal unhydrolysed triglyceride , is based on : ( 1 ) a close correlation between faecal bile acid and faecal fat excretion ; ( 2 ) the finding that improvements in fat digestion with pancreatic enzyme supplementation was associated with a concomitant reduction in faecal bile acid losses ; and ( 3 ) substitution of dietary fat with medium chain triglycerides resulted in a [lower] in both faecal fat and faecal bile acid excretion .

Mucosal proctectomy , by contrast , in which full thickness ileum is anastomosed to the anus within the sphincter at the dentate line , seems from first principles more likely to impair the function of th sphincter , and in fact has been shown in several studies to decrease maximum resting anal pressure , although the magnitude of that decrease has varied between studies .
mucosal proctectomy , by contrast , in which full thickness ileum is anastomosed to the anus within the sphincter at the dentate line , seems from first principles more likely to impair the function of th sphincter , and in fact has been shown in several studies to [lower] maximum resting anal pressure , although the magnitude of that [lower] has varied between studies .

With reference to the available published works , it was assumed that ‘ sinister ’ electrocardiographic abnormalities , as defined above , would occur in 20 % of patients , and that supplemental oxygen administration would decrease this figure to 10 % .
with reference to the available published works , it was assumed that ‘ sinister ’ electrocardiographic abnormalities , as defined above , would occur in 20 % of patients , and that supplemental oxygen administration would [lower] this figure to 10 % .

In the group receiving air the mean saturation was 95.2 % before and 93.7 % during the gastroscopy — this represents a significant decrease ( p < 0.001 ; 95 % CIs : -0.63 to -2.03 ) .
in the group receiving air the mean saturation was 95.2 % before and 93.7 % during the gastroscopy — this represents a significant [lower] ( p < 0.001 ; 95 % cis : -0.63 to -2.03 ) .

Regardless of whether the mechanism of absorption is active or passive , the decrease in absorptive surface area , such as occurs in coeliac disease patients , predisposes these patients to carnitine deficiency .
regardless of whether the mechanism of absorption is active or passive , the [lower] in absorptive surface area , such as occurs in coeliac disease patients , predisposes these patients to carnitine deficiency .

To decrease nuclear debris sections of 80 µm were cut from tumour blocks stored at the Department of Pathology .
to [lower] nuclear debris sections of 80 µm were cut from tumour blocks stored at the department of pathology .

Pure alcohol injection after an epinephrine injection tended to decrease the rebleeding rate in our series .
pure alcohol injection after an epinephrine injection tended to [lower] the rebleeding rate in our series .

It is possible that epinephrine can only temporarily stop bleeding and keep vessel existent , while a sclerosing agent can actually clot the vessel , and thereby decrease rebleeding .
it is possible that epinephrine can only temporarily stop bleeding and keep vessel existent , while a sclerosing agent can actually clot the vessel , and thereby [lower] rebleeding .

Constipation develops gradually in some children as a result of a progressive decrease in the frequency of bowel movements and a progressive increase in the difficulties in passing an excessively firm stool .
constipation develops gradually in some children as a result of a progressive [lower] in the frequency of bowel movements and a progressive increase in the difficulties in passing an excessively firm stool .

As expected , the data from the 33 children who did not recover when compared with the data from the 57 recovered children showed significantly higher incidence rates of symptoms of constipation at follow up ; very large diameter stools , very hard stool consistency , stools that clogged the toilet , stool withholding ( p<0.001 ) , abdominal pain ( p<0.04 ) , and a significant decrease in the number of bowel movements per week ( p<0.001 ) .
as expected , the data from the 33 children who did not recover when compared with the data from the 57 recovered children showed significantly higher incidence rates of symptoms of constipation at follow up ; very large diameter stools , very hard stool consistency , stools that clogged the toilet , stool withholding ( p<0.001 ) , abdominal pain ( p<0.04 ) , and a significant [lower] in the number of bowel movements per week ( p<0.001 ) .

The overall reduction of acid reflux by ranitidine ( 150 mg twice daily ) was about 30 % ( Fig 1 ) , which is comparable with the decrease found in other 24 hour oesophageal-pH measurement studies .
the overall reduction of acid reflux by ranitidine ( 150 mg twice daily ) was about 30 % ( fig 1 ) , which is comparable with the [lower] found in other 24 hour oesophageal-ph measurement studies .

Although ranitidine reduced both daytime ( upright ) and nocturnal ( supine ) reflux , it led to a more pronounced decrease of nocturnal reflux .
although ranitidine reduced both daytime ( upright ) and nocturnal ( supine ) reflux , it led to a more pronounced [lower] of nocturnal reflux .

During the period of follow up , no significant decrease of the median extent of gastric metaplasia occurred in both groups ( Wilcoxon rank sum test for paired data , p=0.08 for group 1 and p > 0.5 for group 2 ) .
during the period of follow up , no significant [lower] of the median extent of gastric metaplasia occurred in both groups ( wilcoxon rank sum test for paired data , p=0.08 for group 1 and p > 0.5 for group 2 ) .

This is shown clinically by the decrease or total loss of secretion of the affected glands .
this is shown clinically by the [lower] or total loss of secretion of the affected glands .

For the other metals there was little further decrease in contamination after the third collection .
for the other metals there was little further [lower] in contamination after the third collection .

This shift was accompanied by a progressive decrease in the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the remaining vesicles .
this shift was accompanied by a progressive [lower] in the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the remaining vesicles .

An increase in the cholesterol/ phospholipids ratio has a very potent nucleating effect and shortens the nucleation time of model and human biles , whereas a decrease in the cholesterol/phospholipids ratio has an opposite effect .
an increase in the cholesterol/ phospholipids ratio has a very potent nucleating effect and shortens the nucleation time of model and human biles , whereas a [lower] in the cholesterol/phospholipids ratio has an opposite effect .

Carcinogenesis in the human colon is associated with a marked increase of urokinase type plasminogen activator and a decrease of tissue type plasminogen activator .
carcinogenesis in the human colon is associated with a marked increase of urokinase type plasminogen activator and a [lower] of tissue type plasminogen activator .

Symptoms included weight loss ( defined as an unintended decrease of body weight of more than 5 % in six months ) , diarrhoea ( defined as more than three loose bowel movements a day ) , epigastric and abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , dysphagia , and fever of unknown origin .
symptoms included weight loss ( defined as an unintended [lower] of body weight of more than 5 % in six months ) , diarrhoea ( defined as more than three loose bowel movements a day ) , epigastric and abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , dysphagia , and fever of unknown origin .

Similarly in man , in patients with bronchial carcinoma there was a decrease in skeletal muscle protein synthesis but no change in whole body protein synthesis , when compared with control patients without malignant disease .
similarly in man , in patients with bronchial carcinoma there was a [lower] in skeletal muscle protein synthesis but no change in whole body protein synthesis , when compared with control patients without malignant disease .

The rationale for the initial four week course was to decrease viral replication and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .
the rationale for the initial four week course was to [lower] viral replication and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .

These morphological findings suggest that the intercellular communication mediated by gap junctions involved in the local homeostasis of the gastric mucosa is decreased in patients with gastric ulcer and that this decrease may be closely related to gastric ulcer formation .
these morphological findings suggest that the intercellular communication mediated by gap junctions involved in the local homeostasis of the gastric mucosa is decreased in patients with gastric ulcer and that this [lower] may be closely related to gastric ulcer formation .

In addition , if the contralateral vagus were also divided , stimulation of the proximal end of the divided vagus caused a decrease in bile flow .
in addition , if the contralateral vagus were also divided , stimulation of the proximal end of the divided vagus caused a [lower] in bile flow .

In coeliac disease , there was an apparent decrease in the percentage of both intraepithelial ( 3.5 % v 13.5 % ) and lamina propria ( 10.3 % v 47.2 % ) lymphocytes expressing γ-interferon compared with controls .
in coeliac disease , there was an apparent [lower] in the percentage of both intraepithelial ( 3.5 % v 13.5 % ) and lamina propria ( 10.3 % v 47.2 % ) lymphocytes expressing γ-interferon compared with controls .

In rats receiving sc caerulein , the blood flow was significantly ( p < 0.05 ) reduced by about 43 % after two hours of caerulein infusion and then showed only small further decrease during the remaining hours of the experiment .
in rats receiving sc caerulein , the blood flow was significantly ( p < 0.05 ) reduced by about 43 % after two hours of caerulein infusion and then showed only small further [lower] during the remaining hours of the experiment .

This could result in the tissue ischaemia leading to the decrease in secretory activity of acinar cells .
this could result in the tissue ischaemia leading to the [lower] in secretory activity of acinar cells .

Platelet activating factor also caused a marked decrease in the pancreatic blood flow comparable with that observed after caerulein infusion .
platelet activating factor also caused a marked [lower] in the pancreatic blood flow comparable with that observed after caerulein infusion .

Intravenous infusion of graded doses of cholecystokinin 8 induced a dose dependent and significant decrease in gall bladder volume in both groups of patients .
intravenous infusion of graded doses of cholecystokinin 8 induced a dose dependent and significant [lower] in gall bladder volume in both groups of patients .

Gall bladder contraction was significantly ( p < 0.05 ) weaker , however , in patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy as compared with those without ( Fig 1 ) as in the former patients only the highest dose of cholecystokinin 8 induced a significant decrease of gall bladder volumes .
gall bladder contraction was significantly ( p < 0.05 ) weaker , however , in patients with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy as compared with those without ( fig 1 ) as in the former patients only the highest dose of cholecystokinin 8 induced a significant [lower] of gall bladder volumes .

Postprandial HAPCs were found only in four of 16 subjects with neuropathic disorders , a significant decrease compared with the non-constipated group ( p < 0.01 ) ( Fig 1 ) .
postprandial hapcs were found only in four of 16 subjects with neuropathic disorders , a significant [lower] compared with the non-constipated group ( p < 0.01 ) ( fig 1 ) .

The significant decrease in sweat spot test score with increasing age would indicate that age is an influential factor in the response to the sweat spot test .
the significant [lower] in sweat spot test score with increasing age would indicate that age is an influential factor in the response to the sweat spot test .

The decrease in spot density with age observed in patients with constipation is not therefore an age related factor , but is most probably related to the duration of the symptoms as most had been constipated for many years .
the [lower] in spot density with age observed in patients with constipation is not therefore an age related factor , but is most probably related to the duration of the symptoms as most had been constipated for many years .

In terms of activity , North Sea exploration slowed down in 1992 and unless we see some adjustment to the Petroleum Revenue Tax changes announced by the Chancellor in the March 1993 Budget , exploration will inevitably decrease further this year .
in terms of activity , north sea exploration slowed down in 1992 and unless we see some adjustment to the petroleum revenue tax changes announced by the chancellor in the march 1993 budget , exploration will inevitably [lower] further this year .

We believe we will continue to gain market share in the North Sea , but the overall level of activity there will probably decrease .
we believe we will continue to gain market share in the north sea , but the overall level of activity there will probably [lower] .

However , in the event of a 1 per cent fall in the market rate , the return of the security is expected to decrease by less than 1 per cent .
however , in the event of a 1 per cent fall in the market rate , the return of the security is expected to [lower] by less than 1 per cent .

If a development ceases , staff morale and confidence would tend to decrease .
if a development ceases , staff morale and confidence would tend to [lower] .

Duration increases as coupon and yield decrease as shown in Fig .
duration increases as coupon and yield [lower] as shown in fig .

These start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .
these start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers [lower] , the lowest level being the complete product .

Another limitation is the extent to which components can be shrunk before quantum effects decrease their reliability .
another limitation is the extent to which components can be shrunk before quantum effects [lower] their reliability .

This way you increase the variety in your diet , increase fibre ( with the extra pulses and bread ) and decrease saturated fat ( present in eggs and cheese ) .
this way you increase the variety in your diet , increase fibre ( with the extra pulses and bread ) and [lower] saturated fat ( present in eggs and cheese ) .

You could exercise to increase the amount of lean muscle tissue and decrease the amount of fat in your body .
you could exercise to increase the amount of lean muscle tissue and [lower] the amount of fat in your body .

You just need to increase the frequency with which you eat protein from plant sources ( and slightly decrease the amount of fatty animal proteins that you eat ) .
you just need to increase the frequency with which you eat protein from plant sources ( and slightly [lower] the amount of fatty animal proteins that you eat ) .

Even a slight decrease , a sensible diet , will get you the results you want .
even a slight [lower] , a sensible diet , will get you the results you want .

If your graphs and charts are showing an overall decrease in weight , then you know you are eating the right amounts .
if your graphs and charts are showing an overall [lower] in weight , then you know you are eating the right amounts .

Decrease the size of the sweet dessert to about three-quarters of the usual amount .
[lower] the size of the sweet dessert to about three-quarters of the usual amount .

Decrease the portion of dessert to about half the usual amount .
[lower] the portion of dessert to about half the usual amount .

The final list of goals for food change is obviously rather different from all the others because the aim is to increase consumption of something rather than decrease it .
the final list of goals for food change is obviously rather different from all the others because the aim is to increase consumption of something rather than [lower] it .

The habit of mind which opposes family and state , and which gives the family a special position in the organization of a polity , is not solely Libyan : strongly étatique societies have often tried to abolish or limit the institution of the family ; and the attempts by government to regulate family life by intervening to increase or to decrease births , by altering rules of inheritance , by inhibiting or encouraging kinship corporations , are so familiar that they are taken to be natural functions of the state .
the habit of mind which opposes family and state , and which gives the family a special position in the organization of a polity , is not solely libyan : strongly étatique societies have often tried to abolish or limit the institution of the family ; and the attempts by government to regulate family life by intervening to increase or to [lower] births , by altering rules of inheritance , by inhibiting or encouraging kinship corporations , are so familiar that they are taken to be natural functions of the state .

The development of the money economy and the decrease in the status attached to ownership of land led to change in the form of family settlements .
the development of the money economy and the [lower] in the status attached to ownership of land led to change in the form of family settlements .

Given the previous level of set-net effort , however , the population was probably originally much larger , and had been on the decrease for many years , at least since the rapid expansion of set-net use in the mid 1970s .
given the previous level of set-net effort , however , the population was probably originally much larger , and had been on the [lower] for many years , at least since the rapid expansion of set-net use in the mid 1970s .

The North 's share of the world 's energy consumption was expected to decrease from around 70 per cent to 60 per cent by 2020 , but in that time the proportion of the global population living in the South would have grown from 75 per cent to 80 per cent .
the north 's share of the world 's energy consumption was expected to [lower] from around 70 per cent to 60 per cent by 2020 , but in that time the proportion of the global population living in the south would have grown from 75 per cent to 80 per cent .

Whilst we reserve the right to increase or decrease brochure prices at any time , the price of your holiday as shown on your Holiday Details Form and will not be increased unless you amend your booking after it is issued .
whilst we reserve the right to increase or [lower] brochure prices at any time , the price of your holiday as shown on your holiday details form and will not be increased unless you amend your booking after it is issued .

The colour inherited from the parent material is more apparent as gley phenomena decrease .
the colour inherited from the parent material is more apparent as gley phenomena [lower] .

This might mean that while direct competition for resources is reduced by the decrease in group size , the indirect competition remains unaffected .
this might mean that while direct competition for resources is reduced by the [lower] in group size , the indirect competition remains unaffected .

But did you realise that smoking can impair the blood which carries oxygen to the brain and therefore decrease mental efficiency ?
but did you realise that smoking can impair the blood which carries oxygen to the brain and therefore [lower] mental efficiency ?

At night our internal clock , sleep , and our inactive environment act together to decrease temperature and urinary loss .
at night our internal clock , sleep , and our inactive environment act together to [lower] temperature and urinary loss .

Equally important is its decrease in concentration in the evening , which relaxes the body so that sleep is more easy to achieve .
equally important is its [lower] in concentration in the evening , which relaxes the body so that sleep is more easy to achieve .

Even if the child were ‘ demand fed ’ , its environment and parents ' sleep would tend to decrease the likelihood of its waking and being fed at night in comparison with the daytime .
even if the child were ‘ demand fed ’ , its environment and parents ' sleep would tend to [lower] the likelihood of its waking and being fed at night in comparison with the daytime .

In general there are two types of change ; a decrease in amplitude and an increase in the day-to-day differences in timing of the rhythm .
in general there are two types of change ; a [lower] in amplitude and an increase in the day-to-day differences in timing of the rhythm .

In addition , ageing is associated with a general decrease in the ability of the body to respond or adjust to changes imposed upon it .
in addition , ageing is associated with a general [lower] in the ability of the body to respond or adjust to changes imposed upon it .

It is possible that the strength of the daily clock also decreases in the aged ; this would mean that the amplitude of the rhythms it influences would decrease .
it is possible that the strength of the daily clock also decreases in the aged ; this would mean that the amplitude of the rhythms it influences would [lower] .

If this idea is applied to the sleep/wake rhythm , it means that the ‘ polarity ’ between waking activities during the daytime and nocturnal sleep would decrease .
if this idea is applied to the sleep/wake rhythm , it means that the ‘ polarity ’ between waking activities during the daytime and nocturnal sleep would [lower] .

Consequently , sleep might become disturbed , particularly when , in addition , kidney function does not decrease at night as much as it once did .
consequently , sleep might become disturbed , particularly when , in addition , kidney function does not [lower] at night as much as it once did .

Try to get some exercise during the flight to decrease stiffness and the possibilities of cramp and swollen ankles .
try to get some exercise during the flight to [lower] stiffness and the possibilities of cramp and swollen ankles .

Delays would increase or decrease , according to whether the court was presented with more or less work than it could handle .
delays would increase or [lower] , according to whether the court was presented with more or less work than it could handle .

• Supplies of live food start to decrease in September , so remember to feed fish .
• supplies of live food start to [lower] in september , so remember to feed fish .

These show a progressive decrease in death sentences from 770 in 1985 , of which 20 were commuted , to 271 in 1988 with 72 commutations .
these show a progressive [lower] in death sentences from 770 in 1985 , of which 20 were commuted , to 271 in 1988 with 72 commutations .

Start with 5 reps at 75 % of your maximum lift , then increase the weight but decrease the reps to 4 .
start with 5 reps at 75 % of your maximum lift , then increase the weight but [lower] the reps to 4 .

Do this until 1 lift is performed at 90–95 % of your maximum and then decrease the weight but increase the reps until you are back to 5 reps at 75 % again .
do this until 1 lift is performed at 90–95 % of your maximum and then [lower] the weight but increase the reps until you are back to 5 reps at 75 % again .

When not enough iron is available the amount of haemoglobin in the blood is reduced , leading to a decrease in the amount of oxygen which can be transported from the lungs to the tissues .
when not enough iron is available the amount of haemoglobin in the blood is reduced , leading to a [lower] in the amount of oxygen which can be transported from the lungs to the tissues .

The effects of this decrease in oxygen transportation are tiredness , lack of stamina , a pale complexion and the inside of the eyelid becoming colourless .
the effects of this [lower] in oxygen transportation are tiredness , lack of stamina , a pale complexion and the inside of the eyelid becoming colourless .

This routine is designed to increase a person 's pulse rate , and then to monitor its decrease over a set period of time .
this routine is designed to increase a person 's pulse rate , and then to monitor its [lower] over a set period of time .

The rate of decrease of the pulse after vigorous exercise is a good indication of the overall fitness of an individual .
the rate of [lower] of the pulse after vigorous exercise is a good indication of the overall fitness of an individual .

Your pulse rate will continue to decrease until it reverts to the first reading .
your pulse rate will continue to [lower] until it reverts to the first reading .

She put on her sunglasses to decrease her visibility , but she could still see something of herself ; brown knees , frayed cut-offs .
she put on her sunglasses to [lower] her visibility , but she could still see something of herself ; brown knees , frayed cut-offs .

‘ But even then it was obvious that , as the sport became more attractive ( and after all , was n't that what we were all working for ? ) more and more people would join the clubs , and the amounts raised from levying unattached runners would gradually decrease . The more attractive the sport became , and the more committed people got , the less wealthy we would grow !
‘ but even then it was obvious that , as the sport became more attractive ( and after all , was n't that what we were all working for ? ) more and more people would join the clubs , and the amounts raised from levying unattached runners would gradually [lower] . the more attractive the sport became , and the more committed people got , the less wealthy we would grow !

After you 've given birth , levels decrease , returning to pre-natal levels .
after you 've given birth , levels [lower] , returning to pre-natal levels .

Nice guys , then , seem bound to decrease in numbers : niceness dies a Darwinian death .
nice guys , then , seem bound to [lower] in numbers : niceness dies a darwinian death .

With day 's decrease .
with day 's [lower] .

Thomas Cook , investing £18m to redesign their 300 retail outlets in four-section specialist subdivisions , predict that the 6,500 Abta-bonded agencies will decrease by 1,000 in 1990 .
thomas cook , investing £18m to redesign their 300 retail outlets in four-section specialist subdivisions , predict that the 6,500 abta-bonded agencies will [lower] by 1,000 in 1990 .

The studies of Ernst Engel in the nineteenth century , led to the conclusion that after income has risen beyond a certain level , there is a decrease in the percentage of total income that is spent on food .
the studies of ernst engel in the nineteenth century , led to the conclusion that after income has risen beyond a certain level , there is a [lower] in the percentage of total income that is spent on food .

In that year about 21 per cent of all Africa 's earnings from exports were accounted for by payment of principal and interest on debt ; by 1987 the figure had fallen to 14 per cent and was likely to decrease further .
in that year about 21 per cent of all africa 's earnings from exports were accounted for by payment of principal and interest on debt ; by 1987 the figure had fallen to 14 per cent and was likely to [lower] further .

In considering priorities for the future it would be sensible to assume a substantial increase in welfare need combined with a decrease in government support .
in considering priorities for the future it would be sensible to assume a substantial increase in welfare need combined with a [lower] in government support .

Most of their economic activities tend to be relatively labour intensive and could be assisted to become more labour retaining , helping to decrease the movement of people to industrial areas .
most of their economic activities tend to be relatively labour intensive and could be assisted to become more labour retaining , helping to [lower] the movement of people to industrial areas .

The universal decrease in the number of people engaged in agriculture has , however , been less marked in the DRAs than elsewhere .
the universal [lower] in the number of people engaged in agriculture has , however , been less marked in the dras than elsewhere .

To control the power keep the sail low and close to the water to decrease its effective area and slide one or both feet into the straps whilst lying in the water .
to control the power keep the sail low and close to the water to [lower] its effective area and slide one or both feet into the straps whilst lying in the water .

Oil consumption in France will decrease by some 26 % by the year 2000 — a considerable easing of the burden on the balance of payments ( in 1982 France 's oil bill totalled FFr 131 billion ) .
oil consumption in france will [lower] by some 26 % by the year 2000 — a considerable easing of the burden on the balance of payments ( in 1982 france 's oil bill totalled ffr 131 billion ) .

The proportion of oil will decrease significantly however due to an increase in coal usage to make coal the country 's main fuel by the year 2000 and there will be a huge increase in gas consumption .
the proportion of oil will [lower] significantly however due to an increase in coal usage to make coal the country 's main fuel by the year 2000 and there will be a huge increase in gas consumption .

The problem is that short-term falls in the price of energy can decrease the pace of investment in long-term energy savings .
the problem is that short-term falls in the price of energy can [lower] the pace of investment in long-term energy savings .

It will also decrease the likelihood of catching hardened computer criminals by turning informers into criminals , and allow computer manufacturers to carry on selling insecure computers for applications where they should not be used .
it will also [lower] the likelihood of catching hardened computer criminals by turning informers into criminals , and allow computer manufacturers to carry on selling insecure computers for applications where they should not be used .

The answer may be to decrease capacity and cylinder number but wring more power from what 's left — a solution that may damage fuel consumption , durability and driveability . Swings and roundabouts , checks and balances : who 'd be a research engineer ?
the answer may be to [lower] capacity and cylinder number but wring more power from what 's left — a solution that may damage fuel consumption , durability and driveability . swings and roundabouts , checks and balances : who 'd be a research engineer ?

And as a whole it is clear that the inter-war period saw Britain 's population increase , rather than decrease , as a result of migration .
and as a whole it is clear that the inter-war period saw britain 's population increase , rather than [lower] , as a result of migration .

It was deeply felt that the economy would no longer be viable and that demand would decrease since the aged would be unable to afford the type of demand required to sustain industry .
it was deeply felt that the economy would no longer be viable and that demand would [lower] since the aged would be unable to afford the type of demand required to sustain industry .

Eventually , they were forced to accept some significant wage reductions , although the French invasion of the Ruhr , and the consequent interruption of coal output , plus the American coal strike of 1924 helped to reduce and delay the downward trend of coal prices and the rate of decrease in the wages of coal miners .
eventually , they were forced to accept some significant wage reductions , although the french invasion of the ruhr , and the consequent interruption of coal output , plus the american coal strike of 1924 helped to reduce and delay the downward trend of coal prices and the rate of [lower] in the wages of coal miners .

Nevertheless , as already suggested , wages did not decrease at the height of the slump of 1929 to 1933 at anything like the level of reductions which occurred in the early 1920s and some type of stability and balance was being established .
nevertheless , as already suggested , wages did not [lower] at the height of the slump of 1929 to 1933 at anything like the level of reductions which occurred in the early 1920s and some type of stability and balance was being established .

This relegation - for as such it was undoubtedly construed — to the domestic realm , whilst on the one hand promoting a higher status than before for women in terms of motherhood ( a status generated for society 's structural purposes and needs ) , also resulted in an overall decrease in women 's status generally , for , to use the well known Levi-Straussian model , the domestic unit — i.e .
this relegation - for as such it was undoubtedly construed — to the domestic realm , whilst on the one hand promoting a higher status than before for women in terms of motherhood ( a status generated for society 's structural purposes and needs ) , also resulted in an overall [lower] in women 's status generally , for , to use the well known levi-straussian model , the domestic unit — i.e .

The extent to which these tactics are successful — and indeed the extent to which they are tried ( early evidence from January and February 1990 indicated a decrease in the numbers of statements , Private Notice Questions , applications for emergency debates and points of order compared with previous sessions — is a matter of some speculation .
the extent to which these tactics are successful — and indeed the extent to which they are tried ( early evidence from january and february 1990 indicated a [lower] in the numbers of statements , private notice questions , applications for emergency debates and points of order compared with previous sessions — is a matter of some speculation .

Over a third — 38 per cent — of business executives say that under Labour they would decrease planned investment .
over a third — 38 per cent — of business executives say that under labour they would [lower] planned investment .

The mobility of older people , which affects their access to the facilities that they need to use , may decrease with age .
the mobility of older people , which affects their access to the facilities that they need to use , may [lower] with age .

But although they lived as the only intellectual representatives of their own language in so small a place as Rapallo , they were not destined to decrease each other 's mental loneliness .
but although they lived as the only intellectual representatives of their own language in so small a place as rapallo , they were not destined to [lower] each other 's mental loneliness .

This demand for residential homes has as we have seen risen because of the decrease in the numbers of mentally handicapped children and adults living in hospitals .
this demand for residential homes has as we have seen risen because of the [lower] in the numbers of mentally handicapped children and adults living in hospitals .

As work continues to reduce the gestation period at which screening tests can be conducted , the practical problems will decrease .
as work continues to reduce the gestation period at which screening tests can be conducted , the practical problems will [lower] .

In this case , between 1960 and 1975 , the dominant and bureaucratic-technical classes increased their share of national income by about 1 per cent , at the expense of the informal sector , which experienced a decrease of 1.3 per cent .
in this case , between 1960 and 1975 , the dominant and bureaucratic-technical classes increased their share of national income by about 1 per cent , at the expense of the informal sector , which experienced a [lower] of 1.3 per cent .

To decrease the pace , tighten your knees a little , grow tall in your body and then close the lower leg and ride forward into a restraining rein .
to [lower] the pace , tighten your knees a little , grow tall in your body and then close the lower leg and ride forward into a restraining rein .

The thorough ‘ secularization ’ of schools would greatly decrease the opportunities children have to participate in drama , music , and sport , enjoyment of which is a crucial part of education .
the thorough ‘ secularization ’ of schools would greatly [lower] the opportunities children have to participate in drama , music , and sport , enjoyment of which is a crucial part of education .

As the magma approached the surface , the pressure on it would decrease , and the gas in it would expand ; as the gas expanded it would take up more room , and this in turn would force the whole mass to rise faster and higher up the vent .
as the magma approached the surface , the pressure on it would [lower] , and the gas in it would expand ; as the gas expanded it would take up more room , and this in turn would force the whole mass to rise faster and higher up the vent .

The thickness does not decrease linearly , but follows an exponential curve , with the thickness decreasing much more over the first kilometre than the second , and so on .
the thickness does not [lower] linearly , but follows an exponential curve , with the thickness decreasing much more over the first kilometre than the second , and so on .

As a noted historian of crime recently argued , the decrease in levels of recorded crime ‘ coincides with increased court activity , with the spread and professionalisation of the new police , and with an apparent increase in public cooperation with both courts and the police .
as a noted historian of crime recently argued , the [lower] in levels of recorded crime ‘ coincides with increased court activity , with the spread and professionalisation of the new police , and with an apparent increase in public cooperation with both courts and the police .

Only if there was a total ban on CFCs , halons , methyl chloroform and carbon tetrachloride would ozone depletion decrease .
only if there was a total ban on cfcs , halons , methyl chloroform and carbon tetrachloride would ozone depletion [lower] .

Models have shown that , with a 20 per cent conversion across Britain , cereal production would decrease by six per cent , oil seed rape by 12 per cent and milk by four per cent — not an enormous reduction when you consider the already existing and wasted surpluses .
models have shown that , with a 20 per cent conversion across britain , cereal production would [lower] by six per cent , oil seed rape by 12 per cent and milk by four per cent — not an enormous reduction when you consider the already existing and wasted surpluses .

Within Central North Side between 1970 and 1980 , the census tract containing the Mexican War Streets historic area experienced the most drastic drop in dwellings lacking exclusive plumbing arrangements , the highest property price increases , the sharpest rise in owner occupancy , a decrease in the proportion of elderly people and a slower than city average population decline .
within central north side between 1970 and 1980 , the census tract containing the mexican war streets historic area experienced the most drastic drop in dwellings lacking exclusive plumbing arrangements , the highest property price increases , the sharpest rise in owner occupancy , a [lower] in the proportion of elderly people and a slower than city average population decline .

Thus , other things being equal , an increase in the demand for a firm 's product should lead to an increase in the firm 's demand for labour and , conversely , a decrease in the demand for the firm 's product should lead to a decrease in the firm 's demand for labour .
thus , other things being equal , an increase in the demand for a firm 's product should lead to an increase in the firm 's demand for labour and , conversely , a [lower] in the demand for the firm 's product should lead to a [lower] in the firm 's demand for labour .

An increase in the real wage will reduce employment and a decrease in the real wage will increase employment .
an increase in the real wage will reduce employment and a [lower] in the real wage will increase employment .

Similarly , if any single firm were to reduce its wage rate below that prevailing elsewhere , there would be an immediate decrease in the supply of labour to that firm which would drive the wage rate upwards again .
similarly , if any single firm were to reduce its wage rate below that prevailing elsewhere , there would be an immediate [lower] in the supply of labour to that firm which would drive the wage rate upwards again .

a decrease in spending ;
a [lower] in spending ;

a decrease in the money supply ;
a [lower] in the money supply ;

It follows that , other things being equal , the average price level will rise if there is an increase in average wage earnings , an increase in the average cost of imported material inputs , an increase in firms ' profit margins or a decrease in the average productivity of labour . In other words , the rate of price inflation ( p ) depends
it follows that , other things being equal , the average price level will rise if there is an increase in average wage earnings , an increase in the average cost of imported material inputs , an increase in firms ' profit margins or a [lower] in the average productivity of labour . in other words , the rate of price inflation ( p ) depends

Any increase in the degree of trade union militancy and/or the expected rate of inflation will shift the augmented Phillips curve upwards ; any decrease in the degree of trade union militancy and/or the expected rate of inflation will shift the curve downwards .
any increase in the degree of trade union militancy and/or the expected rate of inflation will shift the augmented phillips curve upwards ; any [lower] in the degree of trade union militancy and/or the expected rate of inflation will shift the curve downwards .

Outer London authorities were mostly likely to report a decrease in allocation of money : only Wales and Northern Ireland uniformly reported no decreases , while Northern Ireland authorities were the only group uniformly to report an increase in expenditure .
outer london authorities were mostly likely to report a [lower] in allocation of money : only wales and northern ireland uniformly reported no decreases , while northern ireland authorities were the only group uniformly to report an increase in expenditure .

An additional , and very important , type of benefit is any positive effect ( such as decrease in stress or overwork ) felt by informal carers .
an additional , and very important , type of benefit is any positive effect ( such as [lower] in stress or overwork ) felt by informal carers .

Cattle numbers in general have been declining since 1978 and the introduction of milk quotas has accelerated the rate of decrease
cattle numbers in general have been declining since 1978 and the introduction of milk quotas has accelerated the rate of [lower]

Rohm & Haas reported net profits of $ 29.5m last year , a 20 per cent decrease from 190 .
rohm & haas reported net profits of $ 29.5m last year , a 20 per cent [lower] from 190 .

Taiwan accounted for 29 per cent of aggregate demand in 1991 , and this will decrease to 26 per cent by 2000 , while South Korea will show strong growth through slower movement of the manufacturing base and increased engineering polymer penetration into automotive applications .
taiwan accounted for 29 per cent of aggregate demand in 1991 , and this will [lower] to 26 per cent by 2000 , while south korea will show strong growth through slower movement of the manufacturing base and increased engineering polymer penetration into automotive applications .

Good glycaemic control produced a reduction in the prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia from 52–12.5 per cent with a similar decrease in hypertriglyceridaemia ( 50–17.9 per cent ) .
good glycaemic control produced a reduction in the prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia from 52–12.5 per cent with a similar [lower] in hypertriglyceridaemia ( 50–17.9 per cent ) .

First , it takes up water and swells after ingestion so , taken before meals , it exerts a satiating effect and may decrease energy intake .
first , it takes up water and swells after ingestion so , taken before meals , it exerts a satiating effect and may [lower] energy intake .

It has traditionally been assumed that a gradual decrease in intensity of Hercynian folding has resulted in the stratigraphic relationships observed within the late Carboniferous .
it has traditionally been assumed that a gradual [lower] in intensity of hercynian folding has resulted in the stratigraphic relationships observed within the late carboniferous .

19 demonstrates how the frequency and thickness of sandstones , within the overall fluviatile environment will decrease away from the direct detrital source of the London-Brabant Massif .
19 demonstrates how the frequency and thickness of sandstones , within the overall fluviatile environment will [lower] away from the direct detrital source of the london-brabant massif .

The gas-generating potential decreases as the maturity increases and thus this decrease is a measure of the amount of gas generated and expelled from the coal during its thermal history .
the gas-generating potential decreases as the maturity increases and thus this [lower] is a measure of the amount of gas generated and expelled from the coal during its thermal history .

Illite overgrowths on grains , may not visibly decrease porosity — but permeability is severely restricted , especially if the illite is in the ‘ hairy ’ form .
illite overgrowths on grains , may not visibly [lower] porosity — but permeability is severely restricted , especially if the illite is in the ‘ hairy ’ form .

Formation water salinity has been determined , mainly from the Spontaneous Potential measurement , to decrease with depth .
formation water salinity has been determined , mainly from the spontaneous potential measurement , to [lower] with depth .

It does not give an example of how revenue expenditure is allocated down to Regions , Districts and Units , and the ‘ before and after ’ cases of their allocations showing the impact of capital charges , and how they will change when Districts or Units actually increase or decrease their employment of fixed assets .
it does not give an example of how revenue expenditure is allocated down to regions , districts and units , and the ‘ before and after ’ cases of their allocations showing the impact of capital charges , and how they will change when districts or units actually increase or [lower] their employment of fixed assets .

To use criminal statistics wisely necessitates some prior work in getting to know the difference between indictable and non-indictable offences and also some legal history so that one does not suddenly discover an enormous decrease in a crime such as stealing cars when the new offence of ‘ take and drive away ’ is introduced .
to use criminal statistics wisely necessitates some prior work in getting to know the difference between indictable and non-indictable offences and also some legal history so that one does not suddenly discover an enormous [lower] in a crime such as stealing cars when the new offence of ‘ take and drive away ’ is introduced .

Write down a list of everything that you regularly eat and drink , and compare it with the following recommended lists of foods and drinks to increase and decrease .
write down a list of everything that you regularly eat and drink , and compare it with the following recommended lists of foods and drinks to increase and [lower] .

Decrease your consumption of :
[lower] your consumption of :

Decrease your consumption of :
[lower] your consumption of :

Some of the archers thought that if the competition were restricted to longbows it would die out but , after a decrease when the steel bows first appeared , the number of longbows at the Scorton shoot is steadily increasing .
some of the archers thought that if the competition were restricted to longbows it would die out but , after a [lower] when the steel bows first appeared , the number of longbows at the scorton shoot is steadily increasing .

or they may grow more slowly than the rest of the body , and so decrease in relative size , which is negative allometry .
or they may grow more slowly than the rest of the body , and so [lower] in relative size , which is negative allometry .

Sure enough , as the size of the flock increases , peeking rates decrease .
sure enough , as the size of the flock increases , peeking rates [lower] .

The published report reveals that the ‘ vehicular fraction ’ of lead was 24 per cent . But it omits a crucial sentence that appeared in the scientists draft report which read : ‘ These figures appear to be minimum values because a ) the decrease in the isotopic ratio in blood probably had not reached equilibrium in 1979 and b ) they reflect solely the contribution of the petrols affected by the lead isotopic ratio change , ’
the published report reveals that the ‘ vehicular fraction ’ of lead was 24 per cent . but it omits a crucial sentence that appeared in the scientists draft report which read : ‘ these figures appear to be minimum values because a ) the [lower] in the isotopic ratio in blood probably had not reached equilibrium in 1979 and b ) they reflect solely the contribution of the petrols affected by the lead isotopic ratio change , ’

Critics of the most recent studies of compound 1080 say that they prove only that the chemical is lethal to coyotes — not that it can prevent or significantly decrease predation of flocks .
critics of the most recent studies of compound 1080 say that they prove only that the chemical is lethal to coyotes — not that it can prevent or significantly [lower] predation of flocks .

The British scientists behind the mission — one possible name for it is Exspect — believe it will-become an international project , a move which will decrease its cost and lead to an earlier launch .
the british scientists behind the mission — one possible name for it is exspect — believe it will-become an international project , a move which will [lower] its cost and lead to an earlier launch .

Both act to decrease the excitability of the neurones .
both act to [lower] the excitability of the neurones .

The digestibility of food will decrease , and also the incidence of parasites ingested with insufficiently cooked meat will rise .
the digestibility of food will [lower] , and also the incidence of parasites ingested with insufficiently cooked meat will rise .

Thus , as this material decomposed , a pulse of carbon-14 entered the soil organic matter , causing in apparent decrease in the radiocarbon age of the soil organic matter .
thus , as this material decomposed , a pulse of carbon-14 entered the soil organic matter , causing in apparent [lower] in the radiocarbon age of the soil organic matter .

If conservationists manage to save the leopard , bobcat and alerce , they may lose some of the battles that will be fought over dozens of other issues including proposals to increase protection for hair seals and whales , to decrease protection for Nile and saltwater crocodiles , and to weaken controls in the trade in ivory and sea turtles .
if conservationists manage to save the leopard , bobcat and alerce , they may lose some of the battles that will be fought over dozens of other issues including proposals to increase protection for hair seals and whales , to [lower] protection for nile and saltwater crocodiles , and to weaken controls in the trade in ivory and sea turtles .

After this , the annual payments would decrease .
after this , the annual payments would [lower] .

There should then be no plateaux in the Hall voltage because as more electrons are added to an unfilled Landau level we expect a smooth decrease of the Hall voltage .
there should then be no plateaux in the hall voltage because as more electrons are added to an unfilled landau level we expect a smooth [lower] of the hall voltage .

Decrease in community help leaving the elderly at risk and thus placing heavier demands on local authority services .
[lower] in community help leaving the elderly at risk and thus placing heavier demands on local authority services .

This is why , as people get older , they may decrease dramatically in height .
this is why , as people get older , they may [lower] dramatically in height .

There is some evidence that a decrease in free volume ( ie shrinkage ) may be delayed in the glassy state and thus may occur gradually with polymer ageing .
there is some evidence that a [lower] in free volume ( ie shrinkage ) may be delayed in the glassy state and thus may occur gradually with polymer ageing .

This long-term decrease has continued , although there have been fluctuations .
this long-term [lower] has continued , although there have been fluctuations .

These breeding season data suggest a marked decrease since 1938 , when Walpole-Bond quoted a figure of 500 pairs for south-west Sussex .
these breeding season data suggest a marked [lower] since 1938 , when walpole-bond quoted a figure of 500 pairs for south-west sussex .

Although some decrease has certainly occurred in recent years , its extent is difficult to assess accurately .
although some [lower] has certainly occurred in recent years , its extent is difficult to assess accurately .

Children soon take advantage of this inconsistency and the ensuing reward not only negates any potential influence of the punishment ( misbehaviour is likely to increase rather than decrease ) but debases the currency of the parent 's words and deeds .
children soon take advantage of this inconsistency and the ensuing reward not only negates any potential influence of the punishment ( misbehaviour is likely to increase rather than [lower] ) but debases the currency of the parent 's words and deeds .

Quarrelsomeness tended to decrease as children got older .
quarrelsomeness tended to [lower] as children got older .

When investigating a transformation to promote symmetry in a single batch , we first examine the midpoint summaries — the median , the midquartile , and the midextreme — to see if they tend to increase or decrease .
when investigating a transformation to promote symmetry in a single batch , we first examine the midpoint summaries — the median , the midquartile , and the midextreme — to see if they tend to increase or [lower] .

Although incomes in the 1980s were substantially higher in real terms than they were at the end of the 1950s , there has been no sustained decrease in inequality ; in fact , as we saw in chapter 5 ( figure 5.5 ) , income inequality in Britain increased sharply after 1976 .
although incomes in the 1980s were substantially higher in real terms than they were at the end of the 1950s , there has been no sustained [lower] in inequality ; in fact , as we saw in chapter 5 ( figure 5.5 ) , income inequality in britain increased sharply after 1976 .

There is considerable dissension in the literature as to what precisely constitutes desertification ; Kovda ( 1980 ) , for example , uses the term to describe land aridisation which involves all the processes that culminate in a reduction of the effective moisture content of soils and thus cause a decrease in biological productivity .
there is considerable dissension in the literature as to what precisely constitutes desertification ; kovda ( 1980 ) , for example , uses the term to describe land aridisation which involves all the processes that culminate in a reduction of the effective moisture content of soils and thus cause a [lower] in biological productivity .

their entropy ) will increase as often as they decrease .
their entropy ) will increase as often as they [lower] .

An unfavourable environment may also decrease resistance to infection : for example , prolonged exposure to cold and damp may increase susceptibility to infection .
an unfavourable environment may also [lower] resistance to infection : for example , prolonged exposure to cold and damp may increase susceptibility to infection .

In order to decrease the risks associated with medications following discharge from hospital , McGuire et al introduced a programme of drug self-administration with selected patients in one ward , in the belief that elderly people can be helped to understand their medications ; that compliance can be improved by understanding ; and that one of the most effective ways of improving understanding is through teaching and counselling about the process of self-medication prior to discharge from hospital .
in order to [lower] the risks associated with medications following discharge from hospital , mcguire et al introduced a programme of drug self-administration with selected patients in one ward , in the belief that elderly people can be helped to understand their medications ; that compliance can be improved by understanding ; and that one of the most effective ways of improving understanding is through teaching and counselling about the process of self-medication prior to discharge from hospital .

Pains that increase as the sun rises to midday and decrease as it falls and sets
pains that increase as the sun rises to midday and [lower] as it falls and sets

Pains that increase as the sun rises to midday and decrease as it falls and sets ( like in Natrum mur and Tabacum .
pains that increase as the sun rises to midday and [lower] as it falls and sets ( like in natrum mur and tabacum .

Both components of total inventory ( work-in-process and finished goods ) decrease as the most profitable production shifts to the short-cycle plant .
both components of total inventory ( work-in-process and finished goods ) [lower] as the most profitable production shifts to the short-cycle plant .

For example , demand for new automobiles tends to increase during times of economic prosperity and decrease during recessionary periods .
for example , demand for new automobiles tends to increase during times of economic prosperity and [lower] during recessionary periods .

The annual number of units of outerwear created in the United States has remained remarkably constant over the last several decades , varying from 12.5 units per capita in 1967 to 13.4 units in 1995,1 while the number of production workers has continued to drop , from 1,098,200 in 1960 to 664,400 in 1997.2 This employment decrease is associated with the impact of casual wear , an increase in worker productivity , and the significant import penetration in garments with high labor content .
the annual number of units of outerwear created in the united states has remained remarkably constant over the last several decades , varying from 12.5 units per capita in 1967 to 13.4 units in 1995,1 while the number of production workers has continued to drop , from 1,098,200 in 1960 to 664,400 in 1997.2 this employment [lower] is associated with the impact of casual wear , an increase in worker productivity , and the significant import penetration in garments with high labor content .

Some users of this software have been able to decrease the amount of cloth lost in this way by as much as 2 percent .
some users of this software have been able to [lower] the amount of cloth lost in this way by as much as 2 percent .

However , lean retailing and product proliferation place much more general pressure on suppliers to decrease time and cost per SKU associated with the design and preassembly steps we have described .
however , lean retailing and product proliferation place much more general pressure on suppliers to [lower] time and cost per sku associated with the design and preassembly steps we have described .

One method of capturing volatility is to look at the standard deviation of each establishment ’ s inventory level and I/S ratio for the two time periods.17 Based on this measure , inventory volatility did not decrease with more technology adoption between 1988 and 1991 .
one method of capturing volatility is to look at the standard deviation of each establishment ’ s inventory level and i/s ratio for the two time periods.17 based on this measure , inventory volatility did not [lower] with more technology adoption between 1988 and 1991 .

Falling transaction costs between sectors allow an economy to increase the total output of goods and services it can produce for a given set of resource inputs.8 The dramatic decrease in transaction costs across many sectors parallels the wide-scale changes at the end of the last century , which , in the words of Alfred Chandler , reduced “ the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods , increased the speed and regularity of the flow , and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the American distribution system. ” 9 It often takes time for an economy to reflect the impact of such fundamental shifts .
falling transaction costs between sectors allow an economy to increase the total output of goods and services it can produce for a given set of resource inputs.8 the dramatic [lower] in transaction costs across many sectors parallels the wide-scale changes at the end of the last century , which , in the words of alfred chandler , reduced “ the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods , increased the speed and regularity of the flow , and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the american distribution system. ” 9 it often takes time for an economy to reflect the impact of such fundamental shifts .

This decrease as K increases results in the virtual identity of the K=3 Data , K=4 Data , and K=5 Data curves in Figure 8.9a .
this [lower] as k increases results in the virtual identity of the k=3 data , k=4 data , and k=5 data curves in figure 8.9a .

A modest number of mutants exist that slightly increase or slightly decrease the number of abdominal bristles .
a modest number of mutants exist that slightly increase or slightly [lower] the number of abdominal bristles .

Due to landscape deformations as species coevolve , an adaptive move by one species can cause the fitness of other species to decrease .
due to landscape deformations as species coevolve , an adaptive move by one species can cause the fitness of other species to [lower] .

In fact , the length of the most compact description increases , on average , exactly as fast as does the decrease in the entropy of the gas system .
in fact , the length of the most compact description increases , on average , exactly as fast as does the [lower] in the entropy of the gas system .

Even though the payback increases the more you bet on a single pull , the computer will decrease your odds of winning .
even though the payback increases the more you bet on a single pull , the computer will [lower] your odds of winning .

The money was timed well because the legal group had recently lost about $ 120,000 in grant money due to a decrease in the poverty population in West Tennessee in Census 2000 , Xanthopoulos said .
the money was timed well because the legal group had recently lost about $ 120,000 in grant money due to a [lower] in the poverty population in west tennessee in census 2000 , xanthopoulos said .

Most of the decrease is attributed to the past year 's low interest rates .
most of the [lower] is attributed to the past year 's low interest rates .

Service to Launch Self-Help Website Thursday , August 29 , 2002 Tim Doulin A decrease in the number of poor people in Ohio means there will be $ 2 million less in federal legal-aid money for the state next year , officials said yesterday .
service to launch self-help website thursday , august 29 , 2002 tim doulin a [lower] in the number of poor people in ohio means there will be $ 2 million less in federal legal-aid money for the state next year , officials said yesterday .

The bad news is your federal funding for civil equal justice will also decrease . ''
the bad news is your federal funding for civil equal justice will also [lower] . ''

For example , one ongoing project ( funded by the Abell Foundation ) works to decrease employment barriers to 45,000 non-custodial fathers in Baltimore whose child-support obligations ( especially money owed to the state ) exceed their ability to pay .
for example , one ongoing project ( funded by the abell foundation ) works to [lower] employment barriers to 45,000 non-custodial fathers in baltimore whose child-support obligations ( especially money owed to the state ) exceed their ability to pay .

If interest rates continue to decline , or the daily balances decrease , the IOLTA fund will be curtailed .
if interest rates continue to decline , or the daily balances [lower] , the iolta fund will be curtailed .

Finally , such interventions may have the potential to decrease repeated use of emergency department resources.3 Randomized trials of inexpensive screening and intervention protocols that are feasible for use in the brief contact setting of the emergency department have been shown empirically to be effective when used in a variety of settings outside the ED.2-6 A recent analysis of 12 randomized trials , each of which was limited to one session and consisted of less than one hour of motivational counseling , demonstrated that heavy drinkers were twice as likely to moderate their drinking when compared with those who did not receive an intervention.7 Brief interventions were specifically designed to target patients who are drinking at hazardous levels but have not become dependent .
finally , such interventions may have the potential to [lower] repeated use of emergency department resources.3 randomized trials of inexpensive screening and intervention protocols that are feasible for use in the brief contact setting of the emergency department have been shown empirically to be effective when used in a variety of settings outside the ed.2-6 a recent analysis of 12 randomized trials , each of which was limited to one session and consisted of less than one hour of motivational counseling , demonstrated that heavy drinkers were twice as likely to moderate their drinking when compared with those who did not receive an intervention.7 brief interventions were specifically designed to target patients who are drinking at hazardous levels but have not become dependent .

The main effect of this law has not been to decrease insurance claims , but to discourage physicians from screening for alcohol problems.52 In practice , the UPPL applies to only a fraction of patients treated in the emergency department .
the main effect of this law has not been to [lower] insurance claims , but to discourage physicians from screening for alcohol problems.52 in practice , the uppl applies to only a fraction of patients treated in the emergency department .

Population-based care of depression : effective disease management strategies to decrease prevalence .
population-based care of depression : effective disease management strategies to [lower] prevalence .

Would reimbursement for screening and brief intervention increase screening and intervention , and subsequently , decrease morbidity and mortality ?
would reimbursement for screening and brief intervention increase screening and intervention , and subsequently , [lower] morbidity and mortality ?

In addition , evidence exists that treatment of these problems leads to a decrease in crime .
in addition , evidence exists that treatment of these problems leads to a [lower] in crime .

Are they patient driven so that documentation of a decrease in recidivism and morbidity and mortality must be proven to convince practitioners ?
are they patient driven so that documentation of a [lower] in recidivism and morbidity and mortality must be proven to convince practitioners ?

Do they include a decrease in alcohol consumption or decreases in negative consequences , such as drinking and driving violations or school and work problems ?
do they include a [lower] in alcohol consumption or decreases in negative consequences , such as drinking and driving violations or school and work problems ?

A decrease in morbidity and mortality may be more difficult to measure and require a lengthy follow-up period , but it provides much more meaningful data to the practicing emergency physician .
a [lower] in morbidity and mortality may be more difficult to measure and require a lengthy follow-up period , but it provides much more meaningful data to the practicing emergency physician .

Even though the intervention did not decrease drinking , it did decrease drinking-related consequences , which may be part of what we 're looking for in this setting .
even though the intervention did not [lower] drinking , it did [lower] drinking-related consequences , which may be part of what we 're looking for in this setting .

In his study of adolescents , he saw a decrease in drinking among all groups .
in his study of adolescents , he saw a [lower] in drinking among all groups .

Even with managed care efforts to decrease expensive ED visits , the number of ED patients has increased , so primary care and EDs have to work together .
even with managed care efforts to [lower] expensive ed visits , the number of ed patients has increased , so primary care and eds have to work together .

To avoid that , for this recommendation we would have to say something like , `` Problematic alcohol-use screening instruments under consideration for use in the ED should be evaluated as a component of protocols that provide alcohol-use interventions for patients to decrease problems or use . ''
to avoid that , for this recommendation we would have to say something like , `` problematic alcohol-use screening instruments under consideration for use in the ed should be evaluated as a component of protocols that provide alcohol-use interventions for patients to [lower] problems or use . ''

The participants , including state and federal transportation and safety officials from the region , learned what each state was doing to decrease fatality rates and discussed how to create new safety strategies for each state and the region as a whole .
the participants , including state and federal transportation and safety officials from the region , learned what each state was doing to [lower] fatality rates and discussed how to create new safety strategies for each state and the region as a whole .

HCFA has assessed the impact of the final rule and finds that it will decrease payments to home health agencies by approximately $ 1.06 billion in fiscal year 1998 and $ 2.14 billion in fiscal year 1999 .
hcfa has assessed the impact of the final rule and finds that it will [lower] payments to home health agencies by approximately $ 1.06 billion in fiscal year 1998 and $ 2.14 billion in fiscal year 1999 .

However , both states recognized that the cost of risk assessments would decrease after the baseline measurement had been determined , and found them to be cost-beneficial in light of the ability to focus on high-risk areas .
however , both states recognized that the cost of risk assessments would [lower] after the baseline measurement had been determined , and found them to be cost-beneficial in light of the ability to focus on high-risk areas .

When cash is received in payment of fees , the loans receivable decrease by an equal amount ( or the loan guarantee liabilities increase by an equal amount ) .
when cash is received in payment of fees , the loans receivable [lower] by an equal amount ( or the loan guarantee liabilities increase by an equal amount ) .

The increase in one asset is offset by an equal decrease in another asset ( or by an equal increase in liabilities ) .
the increase in one asset is offset by an equal [lower] in another asset ( or by an equal increase in liabilities ) .

When cash is received for the repayment of loans , the loans receivable decrease by an equal amount .
when cash is received for the repayment of loans , the loans receivable [lower] by an equal amount .

The increase in one asset is offset by an equal decrease in another asset .
the increase in one asset is offset by an equal [lower] in another asset .

INCREMENTAL COST - The increase or decrease in total costs that would result from a decision to increase or decrease output level , to add a service or task , or to change any portion of operations .
incremental cost - the increase or [lower] in total costs that would result from a decision to increase or [lower] output level , to add a service or task , or to change any portion of operations .

This information helps in making decisions such as to contract work out , undertake a project , or increase , decrease , modify , or eliminate an activity or product .
this information helps in making decisions such as to contract work out , undertake a project , or increase , [lower] , modify , or eliminate an activity or product .

The small entities are composed of tier II day care home providers who will experience a large decrease in reimbursement rates for meals served .
the small entities are composed of tier ii day care home providers who will experience a large [lower] in reimbursement rates for meals served .

The analysis indicates a decrease of four rural hospitals and an increase of three urban hospitals , for a net decrease of one .
the analysis indicates a [lower] of four rural hospitals and an increase of three urban hospitals , for a net [lower] of one .

The SEC expects the rule will cause the costs associated with offerings to decrease significantly and also decrease the costs of distributions .
the sec expects the rule will cause the costs associated with offerings to [lower] significantly and also [lower] the costs of distributions .

Standardization , they said , could decrease the agencies ' ability to tailor regulatory approaches and inhibit further agency innovation by `` freezing into place '' the particular practices that have been developed so far .
standardization , they said , could [lower] the agencies ' ability to tailor regulatory approaches and inhibit further agency innovation by `` freezing into place '' the particular practices that have been developed so far .

If State and Federal excise taxes remain at the current levels , tax revenues will decrease over time because of decreased sales .
if state and federal excise taxes remain at the current levels , tax revenues will [lower] over time because of decreased sales .

A risk assessment is the process of identifying potential risks in a system under development and then determining the significance of each risk in terms of its likelihood and impact on the acquisition 's cost , schedule , and ability 1Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) .
a risk assessment is the process of identifying potential risks in a system under development and then determining the significance of each risk in terms of its likelihood and impact on the acquisition 's cost , schedule , and ability 1information technology : a model to help managers [lower] acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) .

The model is intended to give managers an overview of the acquisition process and to help them decrease acquisition risks .
the model is intended to give managers an overview of the acquisition process and to help them [lower] acquisition risks .

Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase I , steps 1 , 6 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 .
managers [lower] acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase i , steps 1 , 6 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 .

References • GAO , Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase I , steps 7 , 8 , 9 .
references • gao , information technology : a model to help managers [lower] acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase i , steps 7 , 8 , 9 .

Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase I , step 10 .
managers [lower] acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase i , step 10 .

Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase II , steps 2 through 7 .
managers [lower] acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase ii , steps 2 through 7 .

Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) , Phase II , steps 8 through 13 .
managers [lower] acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) , phase ii , steps 8 through 13 .

GAO Audit Guidance • Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) .
gao audit guidance • information technology : a model to help managers [lower] acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) .

However , the initial regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will result in a significant decrease in the amount of testing and Commission authorization of computer systems with a resultant reduction in economic burden .
however , the initial regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will result in a significant [lower] in the amount of testing and commission authorization of computer systems with a resultant reduction in economic burden .

A frequency distribution of events-such as a table showing the number of decision points in a community economic development program and a decrease in the probability of action as the number of decision points increases-are about as numerical as qualitative data are likely to be in a research case study , according to some experts .
a frequency distribution of events-such as a table showing the number of decision points in a community economic development program and a [lower] in the probability of action as the number of decision points increases-are about as numerical as qualitative data are likely to be in a research case study , according to some experts .

One way to measure households ' wealth is net worth , or the difference between households ' assets and their liabilities.6 The change in households ' net worth is broader than the NIPA or FFA measures of personal saving and includes both the flow of saving from current income plus any increase ( or decrease ) in the market value of existing assets such as houses and stocks .
one way to measure households ' wealth is net worth , or the difference between households ' assets and their liabilities.6 the change in households ' net worth is broader than the nipa or ffa measures of personal saving and includes both the flow of saving from current income plus any increase ( or [lower] ) in the market value of existing assets such as houses and stocks .

Net foreign investment in the United States might even decrease from the recent high rates if foreign investors find more attractive opportunities elsewhere .
net foreign investment in the united states might even [lower] from the recent high rates if foreign investors find more attractive opportunities elsewhere .

These estimates also suggest that increasing U.S. national saving would not substantially decrease the return to capital and therefore could provide significant improvement to future incomes and consumption .
these estimates also suggest that increasing u.s. national saving would not substantially [lower] the return to capital and therefore could provide significant improvement to future incomes and consumption .

In other words , when federal government saving increases ( smaller deficits or larger surpluses ) , private saving may decrease somewhat .
in other words , when federal government saving increases ( smaller deficits or larger surpluses ) , private saving may [lower] somewhat .

If the couple would have otherwise spent the $ 4,000 ( i.e. , their contributions represent new saving ) , national saving would increase by $ 2,880-the $ 4,000 increase in personal saving less the $ 1,120 decrease in government saving .
if the couple would have otherwise spent the $ 4,000 ( i.e. , their contributions represent new saving ) , national saving would increase by $ 2,880-the $ 4,000 increase in personal saving less the $ 1,120 [lower] in government saving .

The tax credits by themselves would have no net effect on national saving : absent any change in household consumption , personal saving would increase by the amount of the government match , but government saving would decrease by the same amount .
the tax credits by themselves would have no net effect on national saving : absent any change in household consumption , personal saving would increase by the amount of the government match , but government saving would [lower] by the same amount .

Conversely , each dollar decrease in national saving is offset by 33.3 cents in foreign investment in the United States .
conversely , each dollar [lower] in national saving is offset by 33.3 cents in foreign investment in the united states .

FDA also points out that it revised the rule in several respects to decrease the burden on small entities in response to comments received from small businesses .
fda also points out that it revised the rule in several respects to [lower] the burden on small entities in response to comments received from small businesses .

Recognizing that valid questions have been raised regarding the accuracy and validity of the Case Service Reports ( CSR ) data that LSC 's grantees annually submit , LSC has committed itself to ensuring that reliable data is provided.14 The decrease in the number of closed cases for 1999 is , in large measure , the result of LSC 's new , more stringent reporting guidelines .
recognizing that valid questions have been raised regarding the accuracy and validity of the case service reports ( csr ) data that lsc 's grantees annually submit , lsc has committed itself to ensuring that reliable data is provided.14 the [lower] in the number of closed cases for 1999 is , in large measure , the result of lsc 's new , more stringent reporting guidelines .

The PMSD is the smallest percentage decrease in growth or reproduction from the control that could be determined as statistically significant in the test .
the pmsd is the smallest percentage [lower] in growth or reproduction from the control that could be determined as statistically significant in the test .

The PMSD is the smallest percentage decrease in growth or reproduction from the control that could be determined as statistically significant in the test .
the pmsd is the smallest percentage [lower] in growth or reproduction from the control that could be determined as statistically significant in the test .

An increase in deciview is a decrease in visibility .
an increase in deciview is a [lower] in visibility .

By the year 2020 , for example , primary energy consumption and electricity sales were projected to decrease by 8 % and 10 % , respectively , compared to the CEF reference case .
by the year 2020 , for example , primary energy consumption and electricity sales were projected to [lower] by 8 % and 10 % , respectively , compared to the cef reference case .

At the same time , electricity sales in 2020 were projected to decrease by 24 % compared to the CEF reference case .
at the same time , electricity sales in 2020 were projected to [lower] by 24 % compared to the cef reference case .

The higher level of expenditures is driven by a 21 % increase in unit generation costs caused primarily by the emissions caps and offset only slightly by a small decrease in electricity demand .
the higher level of expenditures is driven by a 21 % increase in unit generation costs caused primarily by the emissions caps and offset only slightly by a small [lower] in electricity demand .

On the other hand , oil and gas-fired generation is projected to increase by about 8 % under more restrictive technology assumptions , but decrease by as much as 20 % under scenarios that embody more optimistic assumptions about energy-efficiency demand and supply technologies .
on the other hand , oil and gas-fired generation is projected to increase by about 8 % under more restrictive technology assumptions , but [lower] by as much as 20 % under scenarios that embody more optimistic assumptions about energy-efficiency demand and supply technologies .

The administration 's multipollutant proposal , a far reaching effort to decrease power plant emissions , was introduced as the Clear Skies Act in the U.S. House of Representatives on July 26 , 2002 and in the U.S. Senate on July 28 , 2002 .
the administration 's multipollutant proposal , a far reaching effort to [lower] power plant emissions , was introduced as the clear skies act in the u.s. house of representatives on july 26 , 2002 and in the u.s. senate on july 28 , 2002 .

The Clear Skies Act is designed to decrease air pollution by 70 percent through an emission cap-and-trade program , using a proven , market-based approach that could save consumers millions of dollars .
the clear skies act is designed to [lower] air pollution by 70 percent through an emission cap-and-trade program , using a proven , market-based approach that could save consumers millions of dollars .

After quenching , the less corrosive flue gases entering the absorber decrease to temperatures of 49 - 66 ºC with pH values between 5 and 6.5 .
after quenching , the less corrosive flue gases entering the absorber [lower] to temperatures of 49 - 66 ºc with ph values between 5 and 6.5 .

Grinding limestone to an ultrafine particle size improves dissolution rate of limestone in the slurry and can decrease the size requirement of the reaction tank .
grinding limestone to an ultrafine particle size improves dissolution rate of limestone in the slurry and can [lower] the size requirement of the reaction tank .

The number of boilermakers in demand for retrofit installations under the Clear Skies Act is spread fairly evenly out to 2010 when the demand begins to decrease .
the number of boilermakers in demand for retrofit installations under the clear skies act is spread fairly evenly out to 2010 when the demand begins to [lower] .

At lower per capita volumes , the ratio of fixed to variable cost increases and the cost elasticities decrease ( because a greater proportion of total costs is fixed ) .
at lower per capita volumes , the ratio of fixed to variable cost increases and the cost elasticities [lower] ( because a greater proportion of total costs is fixed ) .

Postal Service costs from Table 2 , Figure 1 shows that as per capita volume increases , the mail processing proportion of total cost will increase and the delivery proportion will decrease .
postal service costs from table 2 , figure 1 shows that as per capita volume increases , the mail processing proportion of total cost will increase and the delivery proportion will [lower] .

The increase in unit cost resulting from a ten-percent decrease in per capita volume for a range of volumes is shown in Table 3 .
the increase in unit cost resulting from a ten-percent [lower] in per capita volume for a range of volumes is shown in table 3 .

At about 200 pieces per capita the effect of volume loss on unit cost becomes much more pronounced.11 Table 3 : Unit Cost with 10 % Decrease in Volume Assuming 25 % of Non-Delivery Institutional Costs are Long-Run Variable ( 1999 U.S .
at about 200 pieces per capita the effect of volume loss on unit cost becomes much more pronounced.11 table 3 : unit cost with 10 % [lower] in volume assuming 25 % of non-delivery institutional costs are long-run variable ( 1999 u.s .

Thus , the expenses associated with the exchange of international mail to and from DCs would decrease by about $ 50.2 million under a domestic postage-based terminal dues system ( See column 2 , line 7 ) .
thus , the expenses associated with the exchange of international mail to and from dcs would [lower] by about $ 50.2 million under a domestic postage-based terminal dues system ( see column 2 , line 7 ) .

Concluding Remarks While the boxes served by the quintile of routes serving the least densely populated areas are unprofitable , we believe that it is unlikely that the Postal Service would discontinue service to them ( or try to decrease their level of service ) if the universal service requirement were eliminated .
concluding remarks while the boxes served by the quintile of routes serving the least densely populated areas are unprofitable , we believe that it is unlikely that the postal service would discontinue service to them ( or try to [lower] their level of service ) if the universal service requirement were eliminated .

New data may show an increase in variable load time to reflect the increased use of kiosks and a decrease in route time .
new data may show an increase in variable load time to reflect the increased use of kiosks and a [lower] in route time .

Instead , one would expect the emphasis on content to either decrease significantly or disappear .
instead , one would expect the emphasis on content to either [lower] significantly or disappear .

To the extent that mailers send broadly to all destinations , a system of this kind would not change postage bills , it would just increase some rates and decrease others .
to the extent that mailers send broadly to all destinations , a system of this kind would not change postage bills , it would just increase some rates and [lower] others .

In short , does the monopoly increase or decrease the price of postal services to postal customers ? 4 This paper measures the returns to scale of the U.S. delivery function .
in short , does the monopoly increase or [lower] the price of postal services to postal customers ? 4 this paper measures the returns to scale of the u.s. delivery function .

An International Comparison of the Values of Scale in Delivery with Wage Premiums As mail volume increases in postal systems , variable costs ( processing and transportation ) increase and fixed costs decrease as a percentage of total costs .
an international comparison of the values of scale in delivery with wage premiums as mail volume increases in postal systems , variable costs ( processing and transportation ) increase and fixed costs [lower] as a percentage of total costs .

Therefore , street delivery costs , which are largely fixed , decrease as a percentage of total costs as volume increases .
therefore , street delivery costs , which are largely fixed , [lower] as a percentage of total costs as volume increases .

Conversely as volumes decrease , fixed costs become a higher percentage of total costs .
conversely as volumes [lower] , fixed costs become a higher percentage of total costs .

The costs decrease by the amount of fixed costs in delivery .
the costs [lower] by the amount of fixed costs in delivery .

R97-1 , referring to period 1977-95 , Postal Service volume witness Tolley first observed that `` the general trend has been a decrease in the share of First-Class letters sent by households and an increase in the share sent by non-households .
r97-1 , referring to period 1977-95 , postal service volume witness tolley first observed that `` the general trend has been a [lower] in the share of first-class letters sent by households and an increase in the share sent by non-households .

For example , if we compare the annual growth rates of mail volume for period 1993-97 shown in Column ( 11 ) of Tables 1 and 4 we can see that : ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual decrease of total HH-to-HH volume in Table 1 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; ( b ) the 6.8 percent annual decrease of total HH-to-NHH volume in Table 1 has been augmented to a 8.0 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; ( c ) the 0.2 percent annual increase of total NHH-to-HH volume in Table 1 has shrunk to a 1.2 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; and ( d ) the 7.1 percent annual increase of total NHH-to-NHH volume in Table 1 has shrunk to a 5.7 percent annual increase of per-household volume in Table 4 .
for example , if we compare the annual growth rates of mail volume for period 1993-97 shown in column ( 11 ) of tables 1 and 4 we can see that : ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual [lower] of total hh-to-hh volume in table 1 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual [lower] of per-household volume in table 4 ; ( b ) the 6.8 percent annual [lower] of total hh-to-nhh volume in table 1 has been augmented to a 8.0 percent annual [lower] of per-household volume in table 4 ; ( c ) the 0.2 percent annual increase of total nhh-to-hh volume in table 1 has shrunk to a 1.2 percent annual [lower] of per-household volume in table 4 ; and ( d ) the 7.1 percent annual increase of total nhh-to-nhh volume in table 1 has shrunk to a 5.7 percent annual increase of per-household volume in table 4 .

Similarly , a comparison of annual growth rates for the same period in Table 2 with those in Table 5 reveals the following : ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual decrease of bill/payment volume in Table 2 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual decrease of perhousehold volume in Table 5 ; and ( b ) the 3.3 percent annual increase of total advertising mail volume in Table 2 has shrunk to a 1.8 percent annual increase of per-household volume in Table 5 .
similarly , a comparison of annual growth rates for the same period in table 2 with those in table 5 reveals the following : ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual [lower] of bill/payment volume in table 2 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual [lower] of perhousehold volume in table 5 ; and ( b ) the 3.3 percent annual increase of total advertising mail volume in table 2 has shrunk to a 1.8 percent annual increase of per-household volume in table 5 .

Finally , a comparison of annual growth rates for 1993-97 in Table 3 with those in Table 6 shows the following : ( a ) the 5.9 percent annual decrease of the total number of payments in Table 3 has been augmented to a 7.2 percent annual decrease of the number of payments per household in Table 6 ; and ( b ) the 1.0 percent annual increase of total number of bills in Table 3 has shrunk to a 0.3 percent annual decrease of the number of bills per household in Table 6 .
finally , a comparison of annual growth rates for 1993-97 in table 3 with those in table 6 shows the following : ( a ) the 5.9 percent annual [lower] of the total number of payments in table 3 has been augmented to a 7.2 percent annual [lower] of the number of payments per household in table 6 ; and ( b ) the 1.0 percent annual increase of total number of bills in table 3 has shrunk to a 0.3 percent annual [lower] of the number of bills per household in table 6 .

In Equation ( 15 ) , an increase in Pws amounts to a decrease in the discount , causing workshared mail to stop worksharing and shift to Vb .
in equation ( 15 ) , an increase in pws amounts to a [lower] in the discount , causing workshared mail to stop worksharing and shift to vb .

Note that the crosshatched trapezoid area is the welfare gain to the workshare market , given the price decrease they experience , before the shift volume arrives .
note that the crosshatched trapezoid area is the welfare gain to the workshare market , given the price [lower] they experience , before the shift volume arrives .

Given a decrease in the discount , with the basic price held constant , the Postal Service profit increases in both models and appears in the Thress model to reach a peak at a discount of about 2¢ .
given a [lower] in the discount , with the basic price held constant , the postal service profit increases in both models and appears in the thress model to reach a peak at a discount of about 2¢ .

Note also that the slopes of both graphs decrease in absolute value as the discount decreases .
note also that the slopes of both graphs [lower] in absolute value as the discount decreases .

The profit incentive for the Postal Service to decrease the discount is less when the no-shift own-price elasticity of the workshare category is greater than that of the basic category .
the profit incentive for the postal service to [lower] the discount is less when the no-shift own-price elasticity of the workshare category is greater than that of the basic category .

In cell culture , lovastatin and simvastatin decrease the release of Aβ by rat hippocampal neurons [ 12,14 ] while activating α-secretase-type ectodomain shedding [ 15,16 ] .
in cell culture , lovastatin and simvastatin [lower] the release of aβ by rat hippocampal neurons [ 12,14 ] while activating α-secretase-type ectodomain shedding [ 15,16 ] .

An increase in BMI from 31.3 to 32.4 ( +3.6 % ) corresponded approximately to an average nightly sleep duration decrease from 8 h to 5 h , as estimated at the mean age ( 53.1 y ) and sex distribution ( 54.4 % male ) of the sample with available sleep diary data .
an increase in bmi from 31.3 to 32.4 ( +3.6 % ) corresponded approximately to an average nightly sleep duration [lower] from 8 h to 5 h , as estimated at the mean age ( 53.1 y ) and sex distribution ( 54.4 % male ) of the sample with available sleep diary data .

When evaluated at the average values and sex distribution of our sample , a decrease from 8 to 5 h in average nightly sleep was associated with a predicted 15.5 % decrease in leptin .
when evaluated at the average values and sex distribution of our sample , a [lower] from 8 to 5 h in average nightly sleep was associated with a predicted 15.5 % [lower] in leptin .

When evaluated at the average values and sex distribution of our sample , a decrease from 8 to 5 h of polysomnographically defined total sleep time was associated with a predicted 14.9 % increase in ghrelin .
when evaluated at the average values and sex distribution of our sample , a [lower] from 8 to 5 h of polysomnographically defined total sleep time was associated with a predicted 14.9 % increase in ghrelin .

Previous studies have shown that both acute sleep deprivation [ 18 ] and chronic partial sleep deprivation ( sleep restriction ) [ 19 ] can cause a decrease in serum leptin concentrations .
previous studies have shown that both acute sleep deprivation [ 18 ] and chronic partial sleep deprivation ( sleep restriction ) [ 19 ] can cause a [lower] in serum leptin concentrations .

Ghrelin levels are also positively associated with hunger ratings [ 26 ] , but decrease with increased BMI ( see Table 2 ) .
ghrelin levels are also positively associated with hunger ratings [ 26 ] , but [lower] with increased bmi ( see table 2 ) .

In one study , after 3 mo of dietary supervision , a reduction in BMI of approximately 5 % was associated with a 12 % increase in ghrelin and a 15 % decrease in leptin [ 27 ] .
in one study , after 3 mo of dietary supervision , a reduction in bmi of approximately 5 % was associated with a 12 % increase in ghrelin and a 15 % [lower] in leptin [ 27 ] .

A number of observations have indicated that hyperglycemia impairs collagen formation and causes a decrease in the tensile strength of surgical wounds [ 1,2 ] .
a number of observations have indicated that hyperglycemia impairs collagen formation and causes a [lower] in the tensile strength of surgical wounds [ 1,2 ] .

Achieving preprandial glycemic levels between 70 and 150 mg/dl before surgery in the preoperative period and maintaining plasma glucose levels between 100 and 125 mg/dl during surgery and between 100 and 150 mg/dl after surgery using simple and safe algorithms ( Boxes 1 , 2 , and 4 ) can significantly decrease the risk of these complications .
achieving preprandial glycemic levels between 70 and 150 mg/dl before surgery in the preoperative period and maintaining plasma glucose levels between 100 and 125 mg/dl during surgery and between 100 and 150 mg/dl after surgery using simple and safe algorithms ( boxes 1 , 2 , and 4 ) can significantly [lower] the risk of these complications .

There was a decrease in the ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol with nevirapine and an increase with efavirenz .
there was a [lower] in the ratio of total cholesterol to hdl cholesterol with nevirapine and an increase with efavirenz .

A decrease in CD4 + T lymphocytes—a critical immune cell infected by HIV—is one of the hallmarks of HIV disease , and CD4 + cell number is a key factor in determining disease progression and monitoring treatment .
a [lower] in cd4 + t lymphocytes—a critical immune cell infected by hiv—is one of the hallmarks of hiv disease , and cd4 + cell number is a key factor in determining disease progression and monitoring treatment .

There is then a decrease in signal intensity on T2- and T2*-weighted images , and when metastases are present there is a recognizably abnormal pattern on MRI scans .
there is then a [lower] in signal intensity on t2- and t2*-weighted images , and when metastases are present there is a recognizably abnormal pattern on mri scans .

By 2000 , a considerable body of data had accumulated , making it possible to perform meta-analyses of the relationship between the total monthly dose , the interval at which the dose is administered , and the decrease in the size of the liver .
by 2000 , a considerable body of data had accumulated , making it possible to perform meta-analyses of the relationship between the total monthly dose , the interval at which the dose is administered , and the [lower] in the size of the liver .

Furthermore , the presence of a cat in a house in New Zealand does not decrease IgE antibody response to dust mites—in other words , tolerance to cats can be cat-specific [ 17 ] .
furthermore , the presence of a cat in a house in new zealand does not [lower] ige antibody response to dust mites—in other words , tolerance to cats can be cat-specific [ 17 ] .

It is assumed that helminth infection , mycobacteria , Hepatitis A , endotoxin , and early-life infections can create a milieu that leads to a decrease in allergic responses in general .
it is assumed that helminth infection , mycobacteria , hepatitis a , endotoxin , and early-life infections can create a milieu that leads to a [lower] in allergic responses in general .

Westerterp and his colleagues have reported two observations : first , that general activity contributes more to energy consumption than “ aerobic exercise ” does and second , that many subjects who initiate an exercise program ( such as a twice weekly visit to the gym ) overcompensate so that they actually decrease overall activity [ 23 ] .
westerterp and his colleagues have reported two observations : first , that general activity contributes more to energy consumption than “ aerobic exercise ” does and second , that many subjects who initiate an exercise program ( such as a twice weekly visit to the gym ) overcompensate so that they actually [lower] overall activity [ 23 ] .

Recently , we have documented a decrease in activity among children ( age ~4 years ) in the United States Head Start program ( a child-development program that aims to increase the school-readiness of young children in low-income families ) who have a history of wheezing [ 24 ] .
recently , we have documented a [lower] in activity among children ( age ~4 years ) in the united states head start program ( a child-development program that aims to increase the school-readiness of young children in low-income families ) who have a history of wheezing [ 24 ] .

In addition , no difference in the percentage of naïve CD4 cells or decrease of recall response to C. albicans was observed , confirming the absence of significant differences in the retention of baseline immune reconstitution correlates between arms .
in addition , no difference in the percentage of naïve cd4 cells or [lower] of recall response to c. albicans was observed , confirming the absence of significant differences in the retention of baseline immune reconstitution correlates between arms .

However , a significant decrease in the abundance of CD4 cells relative to other T cell types as summarized in CD4 % ( but not in absolute CD4 count ) was present in the repeated TI arm , corresponding to a significant increase in CD8 T cell count .
however , a significant [lower] in the abundance of cd4 cells relative to other t cell types as summarized in cd4 % ( but not in absolute cd4 count ) was present in the repeated ti arm , corresponding to a significant increase in cd8 t cell count .

We did not observe a decrease in CD4 cell numbers or lymphoproliferative responses against C. albicans when measured between arms before the open-ended TI ( see Figure 4 ) , nor following resuppression after monitored TI reinitiation cycles in the repeated interruptions arm ( see Figure 5 ) .
we did not observe a [lower] in cd4 cell numbers or lymphoproliferative responses against c. albicans when measured between arms before the open-ended ti ( see figure 4 ) , nor following resuppression after monitored ti reinitiation cycles in the repeated interruptions arm ( see figure 5 ) .

This strongly suggested that a decrease of dosage in p53 is already sufficient for tumourigenesis , a phenomenon referred to as haploinsufficiency .
this strongly suggested that a [lower] of dosage in p53 is already sufficient for tumourigenesis , a phenomenon referred to as haploinsufficiency .

A 50 % decrease in p53 monomers can easily be imagined to result in a greater than 50 % decrease in functional tetramers , which in turn increases the chances of these cells becoming cancerous .
a 50 % [lower] in p53 monomers can easily be imagined to result in a greater than 50 % [lower] in functional tetramers , which in turn increases the chances of these cells becoming cancerous .

Eight of nine patients with tumors sensitive to gefitinib had objective partial responses as defined by RECIST , i.e. , at least a 30 % decrease in the sum of the longest diameters of target lesions , taking as reference the sum measured at baseline .
eight of nine patients with tumors sensitive to gefitinib had objective partial responses as defined by recist , i.e. , at least a 30 % [lower] in the sum of the longest diameters of target lesions , taking as reference the sum measured at baseline .

Administration of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor blunted the viral rebound following interruption of HAART , and largely prevented a decrease of CD4+ T cell counts in an STI trial in chronic HIV-1 infection [ 62 ] .
administration of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor blunted the viral rebound following interruption of haart , and largely prevented a [lower] of cd4+ t cell counts in an sti trial in chronic hiv-1 infection [ 62 ] .

Therapy with metformin appears to decrease the risk of diabetes-related endpoints , including a reduction in cardiovascular events independent of glycemic control .
therapy with metformin appears to [lower] the risk of diabetes-related endpoints , including a reduction in cardiovascular events independent of glycemic control .

Although a state of endogenous hyperinsulinemia occurs , the degree of tissue resistance causes a total decrease in “ effective ” endogenous insulin .
although a state of endogenous hyperinsulinemia occurs , the degree of tissue resistance causes a total [lower] in “ effective ” endogenous insulin .

Interestingly , the perceived change in quality is stronger when there is a decrease than when there is an increase in nectar quality of the same magnitude .
interestingly , the perceived change in quality is stronger when there is a [lower] than when there is an increase in nectar quality of the same magnitude .

Suggesting such investigations could have public health import , prior research has estimated that a reduction of 2 mm Hg in the average diastolic blood pressure in the United Statesâ€ ” i.e. , about half the difference we observed in the comparison of working class to nonworking class monozygotic twinsâ€ ” would translate to a 17 % decrease in hypertension , a 6 % reduction in coronary heart disease , and a 15 % reduction in risk of stroke and transient ischemic attacks [ 53 ] .
suggesting such investigations could have public health import , prior research has estimated that a reduction of 2 mm hg in the average diastolic blood pressure in the united statesâ€ ” i.e. , about half the difference we observed in the comparison of working class to nonworking class monozygotic twinsâ€ ” would translate to a 17 % [lower] in hypertension , a 6 % reduction in coronary heart disease , and a 15 % reduction in risk of stroke and transient ischemic attacks [ 53 ] .

The incremental gain in safety is likely to be small ( particularly if oversight is well established ) , while the decrease in speed of development will be significant .
the incremental gain in safety is likely to be small ( particularly if oversight is well established ) , while the [lower] in speed of development will be significant .

For example , the spread of Wolbachia in a spider mite population caused selection on host nuclear genes that decrease the symbiont-induced sex ratio bias ( Noda et al .
for example , the spread of wolbachia in a spider mite population caused selection on host nuclear genes that [lower] the symbiont-induced sex ratio bias ( noda et al .

They describe parallels with anti-EGFR antibody treatment of breast cancer cells , which produced a decrease in cell replication rate and corresponding reduction in hnRNPK expression levels ; this result suggested that hnRNPK levels could be modulated by anti-EGFR treatment , thus highlighting new treatment options for altering the HBV viral load in chronic carriers .
they describe parallels with anti-egfr antibody treatment of breast cancer cells , which produced a [lower] in cell replication rate and corresponding reduction in hnrnpk expression levels ; this result suggested that hnrnpk levels could be modulated by anti-egfr treatment , thus highlighting new treatment options for altering the hbv viral load in chronic carriers .

Gefitinib inhibited the activity of wild-type and L858R EGFRs progressively with increasing concentrations of drug , as demonstrated by a reduction of tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins ( Figure 4A ) and a decrease in p-EGFR : t-EGFR ratios ( Figure 4B ) .
gefitinib inhibited the activity of wild-type and l858r egfrs progressively with increasing concentrations of drug , as demonstrated by a reduction of tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins ( figure 4a ) and a [lower] in p-egfr : t-egfr ratios ( figure 4b ) .

The authors predicted that concentrating on prevention alone could decrease yearly infections by half , and that concentrating on treatment could decrease yearly infections by 6 % .
the authors predicted that concentrating on prevention alone could [lower] yearly infections by half , and that concentrating on treatment could [lower] yearly infections by 6 % .

Another question worth exploring further is whether ROCK1 might be a suitable target for therapeutic interventions that aim to decrease harmful , and promote healthy , cleavage of APP .
another question worth exploring further is whether rock1 might be a suitable target for therapeutic interventions that aim to [lower] harmful , and promote healthy , cleavage of app .

Exploited populations , such as fisheries often show a decrease in individual size , as larger animals are preferentially killed .
exploited populations , such as fisheries often show a [lower] in individual size , as larger animals are preferentially killed .

Intrigued by the connection between sleep and BMI , and by recent studies showing that sleep deprivation in laboratory settings can cause a decrease in serum levels of leptin , a hormone known to control appetite , Emmanuel Mignot and colleagues set out to study the levels of various hormones known to regulate appetite and energy expenditure under “ real life ” conditions .
intrigued by the connection between sleep and bmi , and by recent studies showing that sleep deprivation in laboratory settings can cause a [lower] in serum levels of leptin , a hormone known to control appetite , emmanuel mignot and colleagues set out to study the levels of various hormones known to regulate appetite and energy expenditure under “ real life ” conditions .

Nonetheless , National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III data showed that 60 % of 38.5 million adult Americans without CHD who had two or more risk factors had an LDL-C level above the recommended 3.36 mmol/l ( 130 mg/dl ) and that 45 % would remain eligible for drug therapy even after a 10 % decrease in LDL-C with diet [ 15 ] .
nonetheless , national health and nutrition examination survey iii data showed that 60 % of 38.5 million adult americans without chd who had two or more risk factors had an ldl-c level above the recommended 3.36 mmol/l ( 130 mg/dl ) and that 45 % would remain eligible for drug therapy even after a 10 % [lower] in ldl-c with diet [ 15 ] .

However , when the transgene was introduced earlier in development , a large portion of the lines showed a substantial decrease and eventually full suppression of the chitinase mRNA levels .
however , when the transgene was introduced earlier in development , a large portion of the lines showed a substantial [lower] and eventually full suppression of the chitinase mrna levels .

Importantly , however , the power did not decrease linearly with heterogeneity : it was sufficiently stable in the range 0 < CV < 0.3 and dropped mainly for CV > 0.3 .
importantly , however , the power did not [lower] linearly with heterogeneity : it was sufficiently stable in the range 0 < cv < 0.3 and dropped mainly for cv > 0.3 .

Young Parents Program : A key component in reduction of potential risk of child abuse , designed to decrease stress in the parent/child relationship enabling the parent to continue school attendance and achievement .
young parents program : a key component in reduction of potential risk of child abuse , designed to [lower] stress in the parent/child relationship enabling the parent to continue school attendance and achievement .

If those individuals do not reproduce , evolution theory predicts that the percentage in the population must decrease continuously down to a level that is produced by new mutations .
if those individuals do not reproduce , evolution theory predicts that the percentage in the population must [lower] continuously down to a level that is produced by new mutations .

According to a law of physics called Boyle 's law , the pressure times the volume of a gas is always a constant -- increasing pressure makes volume decrease , and vice versa .
according to a law of physics called boyle 's law , the pressure times the volume of a gas is always a constant -- increasing pressure makes volume [lower] , and vice versa .

As Melville pointed out , if a sperm whale can spend more than an hour swimming at depths of up to 6,000 feet , and a sperm whale is composed mostly of gas ( air-filled lungs and blubber ) , then Boyle 's law would dictate that , as Spruch puts it , `` a whale of regulation size at the surface should , at the pressures a thousand fathoms down , decrease its volume to the size of a bathtub ! ''
as melville pointed out , if a sperm whale can spend more than an hour swimming at depths of up to 6,000 feet , and a sperm whale is composed mostly of gas ( air-filled lungs and blubber ) , then boyle 's law would dictate that , as spruch puts it , `` a whale of regulation size at the surface should , at the pressures a thousand fathoms down , [lower] its volume to the size of a bathtub ! ''

Will the following increase or decrease it ?
will the following increase or [lower] it ?

The New York Times attributes the increasing number of A plusses and the decrease in C 's and D 's to `` lenient professors and students who badger them for higher grades . ''
the new york times attributes the increasing number of a plusses and the [lower] in c 's and d 's to `` lenient professors and students who badger them for higher grades . ''

Conversely , high calcium consumption causes the body to decrease the amount of the mineral that is absorbed , excreting the excess .
conversely , high calcium consumption causes the body to [lower] the amount of the mineral that is absorbed , excreting the excess .

Bennett also happily commented on the decrease in noise , graffiti , and panhandling in New York City under the Giuliani administration , as I would like to say only someone who lives in D.C. , as he does , could , except that many people who live here do also , although it does to a large degree depend on where you live .
bennett also happily commented on the [lower] in noise , graffiti , and panhandling in new york city under the giuliani administration , as i would like to say only someone who lives in d.c. , as he does , could , except that many people who live here do also , although it does to a large degree depend on where you live .

He said the 10 subjects who used them had a 30 percent to 40 percent decrease in wrinkle depth .
he said the 10 subjects who used them had a 30 percent to 40 percent [lower] in wrinkle depth .

They doubtless decrease the problem .
they doubtless [lower] the problem .

As I said in the article , they may decrease it enough to make the CDA unconstitutional : `` The best guess seems to be that the marginal benefit of the CDA over the technological alternatives is small enough , and the burden that the law creates is large enough , that the CDA will be overturned . ''
as i said in the article , they may [lower] it enough to make the cda unconstitutional : `` the best guess seems to be that the marginal benefit of the cda over the technological alternatives is small enough , and the burden that the law creates is large enough , that the cda will be overturned . ''

If the decrease is only from 17 to 15 percent , it 's a very good deal .
if the [lower] is only from 17 to 15 percent , it 's a very good deal .

Big savior : the decrease in the number of boys aged 15 to 21 .
big savior : the [lower] in the number of boys aged 15 to 21 .

Only in this case -- unlike in Moynihan 's -- the redefinition has served to increase , rather than decrease , the required level of government intervention , shifting to the national treasury responsibility for hardships that individuals and localities once stoically assumed .
only in this case -- unlike in moynihan 's -- the redefinition has served to increase , rather than [lower] , the required level of government intervention , shifting to the national treasury responsibility for hardships that individuals and localities once stoically assumed .

The American Red Cross said the restriction will decrease the blood supply by 2.2 percent per year .
the american red cross said the restriction will [lower] the blood supply by 2.2 percent per year .

The move is being strongly opposed by the Clinton administration and many tax experts on the ground that adopting it would clog the system , risk a decrease in tax revenues , and force the IRS to become even more aggressive .
the move is being strongly opposed by the clinton administration and many tax experts on the ground that adopting it would clog the system , risk a [lower] in tax revenues , and force the irs to become even more aggressive .

The paper cites a number of factors that might explain the drop : a stronger economy , stabilization of the drug-trade , stricter sentencing laws , improved police tactics , periodic gang truces , and a decrease in the young-adult demographic .
the paper cites a number of factors that might explain the drop : a stronger economy , stabilization of the drug-trade , stricter sentencing laws , improved police tactics , periodic gang truces , and a [lower] in the young-adult demographic .

Still , that waiting period was increased in recent years to its current 15 days and it would be worthwhile for papers like the LAT to study and report on its relationship to the homicide decrease in L.A .
still , that waiting period was increased in recent years to its current 15 days and it would be worthwhile for papers like the lat to study and report on its relationship to the homicide [lower] in l.a .

Officials claim that the act would actually decrease military power .
officials claim that the act would actually [lower] military power .

Taylor , speaking to camera , lauds `` what she 's done for the state , '' as a shot of Whitman amid cheering supporters ( one prominently uniformed ) reminds voters that it is she who deserves credit for the decrease in crime .
taylor , speaking to camera , lauds `` what she 's done for the state , '' as a shot of whitman amid cheering supporters ( one prominently uniformed ) reminds voters that it is she who deserves credit for the [lower] in crime .

Thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental degradation will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .
thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental degradation will [lower] , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .

Thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental degradation will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .
thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental degradation will [lower] , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .

An irony would be the observation that an attempt to increase freedom for all often entails , despite our best efforts , a decrease in freedom for a few .
an irony would be the observation that an attempt to increase freedom for all often entails , despite our best efforts , a [lower] in freedom for a few .

Critics will bemoan the decrease in number of competitors in the market ( which could undercut the diversity of music produced ) , but the paper suggests that such criticism might be offset by the acceleration of online access to music .
critics will bemoan the [lower] in number of competitors in the market ( which could undercut the diversity of music produced ) , but the paper suggests that such criticism might be offset by the acceleration of online access to music .

They create a culture in which you must fight against these conditions -- even if it means risking serious side effects ( the anti-fungal drugs for nails can damage the liver , Propecia 's anti-testosterone action can decrease libido ) .
they create a culture in which you must fight against these conditions -- even if it means risking serious side effects ( the anti-fungal drugs for nails can damage the liver , propecia 's anti-testosterone action can [lower] libido ) .

In addition , as I 've pointed out here before , the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity , so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding .
in addition , as i 've pointed out here before , the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity , so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may [lower] the chance of dramatic overbuilding .

The study also demonstrated another frustrating fact about setpoints -- they 're easier to increase than decrease .
the study also demonstrated another frustrating fact about setpoints -- they 're easier to increase than [lower] .

That self-poisonings decrease at the full moon actually correlates with the results of other studies .
that self-poisonings [lower] at the full moon actually correlates with the results of other studies .

Legal analysts called the selection astute , saying Posner 's sterling reputation and conservative credentials would increase the chances of settlement and decrease the likelihood that a resolution would be overturned on appeal .
legal analysts called the selection astute , saying posner 's sterling reputation and conservative credentials would increase the chances of settlement and [lower] the likelihood that a resolution would be overturned on appeal .

Further exploration would have turned up studies by the University of Georgia ( if memory serves ) and American Automobile Association showing either no increase or decrease in fatalities on roads where the speed limit was increased .
further exploration would have turned up studies by the university of georgia ( if memory serves ) and american automobile association showing either no increase or [lower] in fatalities on roads where the speed limit was increased .

The increase or decrease in any particular item not only does not , but can not , produce inflation .
the increase or [lower] in any particular item not only does not , but can not , produce inflation .

The idea that value may decrease as a result of the very efforts made to increase it is an essential part of human experience , and it will ensure value-subtraction -- in its value-added sense -- a long and distinguished career .
the idea that value may [lower] as a result of the very efforts made to increase it is an essential part of human experience , and it will ensure value-subtraction -- in its value-added sense -- a long and distinguished career .

The program , intended to lower U.S. crime and decrease prison crowding , is accelerating the growth of U.S.-style gang crime throughout El Salvador and other Caribbean countries .
the program , intended to lower u.s. crime and [lower] prison crowding , is accelerating the growth of u.s.-style gang crime throughout el salvador and other caribbean countries .

The paper reports that the good news is due to many factors , including : the increasing prevalence of smoke alarms , major strides made in the treatment of burn patients , tougher building codes , tighter standards for fire resistant furnishings , migration of many hazardous jobs overseas , the growing percentage of meals that are eaten outside of the home , the increase in the use of microwaves and the decrease in smoking .
the paper reports that the good news is due to many factors , including : the increasing prevalence of smoke alarms , major strides made in the treatment of burn patients , tougher building codes , tighter standards for fire resistant furnishings , migration of many hazardous jobs overseas , the growing percentage of meals that are eaten outside of the home , the increase in the use of microwaves and the [lower] in smoking .

The LAT quotes an academic expert citing another : a decrease in the crack cocaine trade , caused by the proliferation of legal economic opportunities for young people .
the lat quotes an academic expert citing another : a [lower] in the crack cocaine trade , caused by the proliferation of legal economic opportunities for young people .

We are probably indebted to spelling-check functions on computers and electronic typewriters for an apparent decrease in spelling errors such as the following :
we are probably indebted to spelling-check functions on computers and electronic typewriters for an apparent [lower] in spelling errors such as the following :

However , since the men are mortal , the proportion of Seville that comprises them will gradually decrease , leading to here ventual recovery , just in time to die from other causes .
however , since the men are mortal , the proportion of seville that comprises them will gradually [lower] , leading to here ventual recovery , just in time to die from other causes .

