Still , it is clear from such reports , and apparently clear from the remarks of many people , that Protestants are decreasing and Catholics increasing .
still , it is clear from such reports , and apparently clear from the remarks of many people , that protestants are [lowering] and catholics increasing .

The lines are asymmetric and over the range of field Af gauss and temperature Af the asymmetry increases with increasing Af and decreasing T .
the lines are asymmetric and over the range of field af gauss and temperature af the asymmetry increases with increasing af and [lowering] t .

If the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank .
if the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been [lowering] , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank .

Why should the `` practical adhesion '' of a coating as assessed by a knife method change , initially increasing rather rapidly and then decreasing stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness ? ?
why should the `` practical adhesion '' of a coating as assessed by a knife method change , initially increasing rather rapidly and then [lowering] stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness ? ?

The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .
the inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with [lowering] porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .

As the accelerometer output is decreasing , the torque applied to the gyro output axis decreases and , therefore , the rate decreases .
as the accelerometer output is [lowering] , the torque applied to the gyro output axis decreases and , therefore , the rate decreases .

If a horse shies , he is fundamentally ignoring the rider 's inside leg , so rather than worrying about the horse shying , it is more important to concentrate on exercises which make the horse move away from the leg such as leg-yield , shoulder-in , enlarging and decreasing the circle .
if a horse shies , he is fundamentally ignoring the rider 's inside leg , so rather than worrying about the horse shying , it is more important to concentrate on exercises which make the horse move away from the leg such as leg-yield , shoulder-in , enlarging and [lowering] the circle .

With data filtering one pays the price of decreasing the effective library redundancy and increasing the number of hybridisations .
with data filtering one pays the price of [lowering] the effective library redundancy and increasing the number of hybridisations .

Asik 's faith in God was rapidly decreasing and the only reason he still trusted God was because the memory of his dear mother still lingered somewhere in the back of his now muddled mind .
asik 's faith in god was rapidly [lowering] and the only reason he still trusted god was because the memory of his dear mother still lingered somewhere in the back of his now muddled mind .

After two months , Joy 's enjoyment of tricking the customers was decreasing , there was still no difference and the customers were just as rude or getting even worse , for more ‘ skinnys ’ were arriving and ordering more food .
after two months , joy 's enjoyment of tricking the customers was [lowering] , there was still no difference and the customers were just as rude or getting even worse , for more ‘ skinnys ’ were arriving and ordering more food .

The first and last lines of each verse contain six syllables , with the numbers of syllables increasing to the middles of each stanza and then decreasing to the endings .
the first and last lines of each verse contain six syllables , with the numbers of syllables increasing to the middles of each stanza and then [lowering] to the endings .

Decreasing productivity gains from mechanization , difficulties in obtaining more productive work organization and increased work intensity , the pressure of rising materials prices on costs , the pressure of international competition on prices , and especially fast increases in investment goods prices probably all played some part .
[lowering] productivity gains from mechanization , difficulties in obtaining more productive work organization and increased work intensity , the pressure of rising materials prices on costs , the pressure of international competition on prices , and especially fast increases in investment goods prices probably all played some part .

The company is no longer going to run freight trains in Western Scotland because British Rail has increased the transport rates by 50 to 80 per cent to cover fixed costs from an ever decreasing user base .
the company is no longer going to run freight trains in western scotland because british rail has increased the transport rates by 50 to 80 per cent to cover fixed costs from an ever [lowering] user base .

By increasing or decreasing the air gas in the bladder , equilibrium can be achieved .
by increasing or [lowering] the air gas in the bladder , equilibrium can be achieved .

In fact , it was probably decreasing size in those creatures evolving from the therapsids that spurred the need for mammalian endothermy when the problems of overheating became the reverse — when they needed later to maintain temperatures .
in fact , it was probably [lowering] size in those creatures evolving from the therapsids that spurred the need for mammalian endothermy when the problems of overheating became the reverse — when they needed later to maintain temperatures .

It is possible to use variable frequency regulation in which the on time is fixed and regulation is achieved by increasing or decreasing the switching frequency , but such systems lead to difficult filtering problems .
it is possible to use variable frequency regulation in which the on time is fixed and regulation is achieved by increasing or [lowering] the switching frequency , but such systems lead to difficult filtering problems .

This came about partly from the cessation of publication of 6-inch maps in 1881 as all of the staff effort had been concentrated on trying to complete the Survey of the country and partly because the number of staff had been decreasing .
this came about partly from the cessation of publication of 6-inch maps in 1881 as all of the staff effort had been concentrated on trying to complete the survey of the country and partly because the number of staff had been [lowering] .

There are also kestrels , the occasional harrier , and various owls : barn owls are decreasing in number , but if you 're lucky you 'll also see little owls , short- and long-eared owls — they 're all found in or near woodland .
there are also kestrels , the occasional harrier , and various owls : barn owls are [lowering] in number , but if you 're lucky you 'll also see little owls , short- and long-eared owls — they 're all found in or near woodland .

’ Under these circumstances , it is scarcely surprising that walking in Britain is of diminishing importance , with total distance walked decreasing as is the percentage of all journeys that are made on foot .
’ under these circumstances , it is scarcely surprising that walking in britain is of diminishing importance , with total distance walked [lowering] as is the percentage of all journeys that are made on foot .

Monetarists have , moreover , failed to reconcile rising prices over the 1970s with decreasing demand pressure as registered by rising unemployment [ Graham , 1979 ] .
monetarists have , moreover , failed to reconcile rising prices over the 1970s with [lowering] demand pressure as registered by rising unemployment [ graham , 1979 ] .

According to social services director , Bill Bulpin : ‘ Juvenile crime is decreasing and not increasing , because of diversion schemes , like ‘ caution plus ’ at Taylor House . ’
according to social services director , bill bulpin : ‘ juvenile crime is [lowering] and not increasing , because of diversion schemes , like ‘ caution plus ’ at taylor house . ’

For θ < 0 , we apply a similar procedure , decreasing θ from zero and calculating θ in each tableau using ( 6.4a ) .
for θ < 0 , we apply a similar procedure , [lowering] θ from zero and calculating θ in each tableau using ( 6.4a ) .

Fig. 8.2 The effect of increasing forward variables and decreasing reverse variables by θ .
fig. 8.2 the effect of increasing forward variables and [lowering] reverse variables by θ .

This must still yield a finite minimum , for otherwise we would have a solution satisfying ( 8.1 ) and for all and with cost decreasing ( z increasing ) in .
this must still yield a finite minimum , for otherwise we would have a solution satisfying ( 8.1 ) and for all and with cost [lowering] ( z increasing ) in .

It is a consequence of the definition that it is impossible to increase any objective function at an efficient solution without decreasing another .
it is a consequence of the definition that it is impossible to increase any objective function at an efficient solution without [lowering] another .

In this section we will assume that p objective functions are arranged in decreasing order of priority .
in this section we will assume that p objective functions are arranged in [lowering] order of priority .

You do need to move the point cams during increasing or decreasing so the basic rule is ‘ never move the point cam nearest the carriage ’ .
you do need to move the point cams during increasing or [lowering] so the basic rule is ‘ never move the point cam nearest the carriage ’ .

In some areas , like spatial abilities , they even seem to be decreasing ( Caplan et al .
in some areas , like spatial abilities , they even seem to be [lowering] ( caplan et al .

Although Europe was growing , she was falling behind relatively ; her share of world manufacturing output was decreasing and until 1914 most of the rest of that output came from the United States .
although europe was growing , she was falling behind relatively ; her share of world manufacturing output was [lowering] and until 1914 most of the rest of that output came from the united states .

As the hull value of 707s , 727s , DC-8s and their ilk falls , their support costs — engines , systems , airport facilities etc , is not decreasing at the same rate .
as the hull value of 707s , 727s , dc-8s and their ilk falls , their support costs — engines , systems , airport facilities etc , is not [lowering] at the same rate .

It 's also harder to handle the knitting when increasing , decreasing and so on .
it 's also harder to handle the knitting when increasing , [lowering] and so on .

You will knit the same number of rows in all as when decreasing every alternate row , you just have to be careful to match all sides exactly and end neatly at the top .
you will knit the same number of rows in all as when [lowering] every alternate row , you just have to be careful to match all sides exactly and end neatly at the top .

Outside this range , with increasing or decreasing pH values , the possibility and probability of problems arising increases .
outside this range , with increasing or [lowering] ph values , the possibility and probability of problems arising increases .

The various types of radiation have different wavelengths ; if we consider them in terms of increasing or decreasing wavelength , the types of radiation blend gradually from one to the next .
the various types of radiation have different wavelengths ; if we consider them in terms of increasing or [lowering] wavelength , the types of radiation blend gradually from one to the next .

So farmers are looking hard for new sources of income and , to be fair , the Government is encouraging the search : grants are available for feasibility studies ( 50% of cost ) , for employing a marketing person ( 40% in the first year but decreasing after that ) and for capital expenditure ( 25% up to a limit of £40,000 ) .
so farmers are looking hard for new sources of income and , to be fair , the government is encouraging the search : grants are available for feasibility studies ( 50% of cost ) , for employing a marketing person ( 40% in the first year but [lowering] after that ) and for capital expenditure ( 25% up to a limit of £40,000 ) .

Annual charges start at 1 % ( minimum £1,000 ) , decreasing to 0.75 % from £500,000 to £2m , 0.5 % between £2m and £5m and 0.2 % on anything more .
annual charges start at 1 % ( minimum £1,000 ) , [lowering] to 0.75 % from £500,000 to £2m , 0.5 % between £2m and £5m and 0.2 % on anything more .

Fees start at 1 % for the first £500,000 , decreasing to 0.4 % for the next £9.5m .
fees start at 1 % for the first £500,000 , [lowering] to 0.4 % for the next £9.5m .

In the past , ‘ products were characterised by decreasing costs due to continuing improvements in production technology and , on the engineering side , changing materials and design aimed at containing production costs ’ .
in the past , ‘ products were characterised by [lowering] costs due to continuing improvements in production technology and , on the engineering side , changing materials and design aimed at containing production costs ’ .

This type of mortgage is usually arranged in conjunction with decreasing term assurance — a specialist in this area being Norwich Union ( 071-867 0131 ) — the cheapest possible form of life cover .
this type of mortgage is usually arranged in conjunction with [lowering] term assurance — a specialist in this area being norwich union ( 071-867 0131 ) — the cheapest possible form of life cover .

Although a slave could earn ‘ manumission ’ , freedom or gebur status , or be granted it , the slaves remained a substantial if decreasing population of South Saxon society .
although a slave could earn ‘ manumission ’ , freedom or gebur status , or be granted it , the slaves remained a substantial if [lowering] population of south saxon society .

Incompatibility increases the frequency of associated bacteria by indirectly decreasing the frequency of cytoplasmic lineages that do not carry the same bacterial strain , 24 .
incompatibility increases the frequency of associated bacteria by indirectly [lowering] the frequency of cytoplasmic lineages that do not carry the same bacterial strain , 24 .

Trade-unionists make up a decreasing proportion of the electorate .
trade-unionists make up a [lowering] proportion of the electorate .

Instead , they have concentrated on two main approaches to crime control that they see as appropriate and achievable : increasing the risks and decreasing the opportunities .
instead , they have concentrated on two main approaches to crime control that they see as appropriate and achievable : increasing the risks and [lowering] the opportunities .

Techniques for decreasing the opportunities for crime include such things as the better protection of property , which have been the usual focus of police crime-prevention programmes .
techniques for [lowering] the opportunities for crime include such things as the better protection of property , which have been the usual focus of police crime-prevention programmes .

Increasing risks and decreasing opportunities tend to be interrelated , of course : better protection and surveillance decrease opportunities by increasing perceived risks .
increasing risks and [lowering] opportunities tend to be interrelated , of course : better protection and surveillance decrease opportunities by increasing perceived risks .

These benefits were not , of course , costless , and there were aspects of the reorganisation which some managers felt were decreasing their efficiency .
these benefits were not , of course , costless , and there were aspects of the reorganisation which some managers felt were [lowering] their efficiency .

These encouraged greater electricity use and more accurately reflected the underlying decreasing cost structure of domestic supply .
these encouraged greater electricity use and more accurately reflected the underlying [lowering] cost structure of domestic supply .

The commander of an East Indiamen might bring home with him 38 tons of cargo , his chief mate was allowed eight tons , the second officer six tons , and the remaining officers in decreasing proportion , but for all of them it was an important part of their remuneration .
the commander of an east indiamen might bring home with him 38 tons of cargo , his chief mate was allowed eight tons , the second officer six tons , and the remaining officers in [lowering] proportion , but for all of them it was an important part of their remuneration .

Affirmations are an additional technique for decreasing the power that the injunctions wield in making people 's lives a misery .
affirmations are an additional technique for [lowering] the power that the injunctions wield in making people 's lives a misery .

Also , when decreasing , a pusher must be put back into the blocking rail for every stitch decreased .
also , when [lowering] , a pusher must be put back into the blocking rail for every stitch decreased .

But the young fish still suffer and stocks are dwindling , so that fish-eating birds such as the reef egret are decreasing in numbers .
but the young fish still suffer and stocks are dwindling , so that fish-eating birds such as the reef egret are [lowering] in numbers .

What our survey revealed , however , was that numbers ‘ on average ’ were decreasing , partly because there are too many overlapping tournaments and partly because of the imposition of a registration fee .
what our survey revealed , however , was that numbers ‘ on average ’ were [lowering] , partly because there are too many overlapping tournaments and partly because of the imposition of a registration fee .

The numbers of deaf children are decreasing , and some causes such as rubella can be completely eradicated as medical prevention programmes improve .
the numbers of deaf children are [lowering] , and some causes such as rubella can be completely eradicated as medical prevention programmes improve .

It follows , of course , that decreasing capacities as such are not direct predictors of decreasing performance .
it follows , of course , that [lowering] capacities as such are not direct predictors of [lowering] performance .

Whichever way we look at these figures , whether we believe they represent a real increase in the rate of sexual violence or not , the decreasing conviction rate indicates that the state has not effectively responded to demands that sex crimes be treated more seriously .
whichever way we look at these figures , whether we believe they represent a real increase in the rate of sexual violence or not , the [lowering] conviction rate indicates that the state has not effectively responded to demands that sex crimes be treated more seriously .

Yet in contradiction to these developments , which increase state control , there is also the policy of encouraging the market and decreasing the size and scope of the state .
yet in contradiction to these developments , which increase state control , there is also the policy of encouraging the market and [lowering] the size and scope of the state .

For instance , the development of satellite television which necessarily decreases government control has been welcomed and there is a policy of decreasing the regulation over existing commercial television .
for instance , the development of satellite television which necessarily decreases government control has been welcomed and there is a policy of [lowering] the regulation over existing commercial television .

The letters or symbols are exactly measured , of decreasing size and arranged in rows .
the letters or symbols are exactly measured , of [lowering] size and arranged in rows .

The subject is given examples of print of decreasing size to discriminate , or single letters of measured and decreasing size .
the subject is given examples of print of [lowering] size to discriminate , or single letters of measured and [lowering] size .

Reduction , while decreasing the size of the print , increases the area of the field being viewed .
reduction , while [lowering] the size of the print , increases the area of the field being viewed .

The McClure reading types for children gives examples of type in decreasing size which can be used to test this .
the mcclure reading types for children gives examples of type in [lowering] size which can be used to test this .

Neutering reduces the incidence of straying in about 90 per cent of male dogs , and lowers the risk of soiling by decreasing the dog 's sex drive .
neutering reduces the incidence of straying in about 90 per cent of male dogs , and lowers the risk of soiling by [lowering] the dog 's sex drive .

Among the tadpoles of the eastern spadefoot , shoaling occurs only when the water level in the pond is decreasing .
among the tadpoles of the eastern spadefoot , shoaling occurs only when the water level in the pond is [lowering] .

It is essential , then , that Britain 's young people — likely to be a decreasing proportion of its population — should be educated effectively .
it is essential , then , that britain 's young people — likely to be a [lowering] proportion of its population — should be educated effectively .

Therefore the proportion of households headed by a married couple has been decreasing through time — it was 74 per cent in 1971 , 70 per cent in 1981 , and is expected to be only about 55 per cent in 2001 in England and Wales ( Department of the Environment , 1986a ) .
therefore the proportion of households headed by a married couple has been [lowering] through time — it was 74 per cent in 1971 , 70 per cent in 1981 , and is expected to be only about 55 per cent in 2001 in england and wales ( department of the environment , 1986a ) .

To some degree the decreasing number of workers on the typical farm makes this close personal contact inevitable .
to some degree the [lowering] number of workers on the typical farm makes this close personal contact inevitable .

Urban labour markets have spread more deeply into rural areas thanks to improved communications , but in recent years the increasing cost and decreasing availability and frequency of public transport have cancelled out many of the gains which rural workers might otherwise have enjoyed .
urban labour markets have spread more deeply into rural areas thanks to improved communications , but in recent years the increasing cost and [lowering] availability and frequency of public transport have cancelled out many of the gains which rural workers might otherwise have enjoyed .

Since privately rented accommodation is decreasing in rural areas , in common with the national trend , the three most important housing categories are owner-occupied houses , council houses and tied cottages .
since privately rented accommodation is [lowering] in rural areas , in common with the national trend , the three most important housing categories are owner-occupied houses , council houses and tied cottages .

The percentage shareholding necessary to give control is problematical since as the degree of dispersal increases effective control can be exercised with a decreasing proportion of the votes , and certainly with considerably less than the 50 per cent required for a member or members to have the right to remove the board .
the percentage shareholding necessary to give control is problematical since as the degree of dispersal increases effective control can be exercised with a [lowering] proportion of the votes , and certainly with considerably less than the 50 per cent required for a member or members to have the right to remove the board .

The overall picture today , however , is of a decreasing number of musically-skilled people .
the overall picture today , however , is of a [lowering] number of musically-skilled people .

If everything was uniform then the beam diameter would go on decreasing .
if everything was uniform then the beam diameter would go on [lowering] .

The selective effect of crab predation ( favouring the survival of those dog-whelks with a narrow shell aperture ) increases proportionally with decreasing exposure .
the selective effect of crab predation ( favouring the survival of those dog-whelks with a narrow shell aperture ) increases proportionally with [lowering] exposure .

The selective effect of desiccation ( also favouring the survival of those dog-whelks with an elongated form ) increases with decreasing exposure to salt spray .
the selective effect of desiccation ( also favouring the survival of those dog-whelks with an elongated form ) increases with [lowering] exposure to salt spray .

Although it is a subject often exploited by the media , teenage motherhood has in fact been decreasing .
although it is a subject often exploited by the media , teenage motherhood has in fact been [lowering] .

So did the amusing little sag of her incipient double chin , the veining on her cheeks ( which , unlike Alix , she does not think to cover with Liquid Foundation ) , the slight plump soft dimpling of her upper arm , the raised veins in the backs of her hands , the broadening of her hips , the decreasing flexibility of her joints .
so did the amusing little sag of her incipient double chin , the veining on her cheeks ( which , unlike alix , she does not think to cover with liquid foundation ) , the slight plump soft dimpling of her upper arm , the raised veins in the backs of her hands , the broadening of her hips , the [lowering] flexibility of her joints .

The decreasing significance of patronage in the nineteenth century and the permeation of musical life by market relations has two dialectically related effects : commodification of musical works and rationalization of the production system are accompanied by a new level of musical autonomy associated with market freedom and a decline of social function .
the [lowering] significance of patronage in the nineteenth century and the permeation of musical life by market relations has two dialectically related effects : commodification of musical works and rationalization of the production system are accompanied by a new level of musical autonomy associated with market freedom and a decline of social function .

But to Adorno , seeing performance variation and realization as a false façade , the decreasing role of the traditional composer-figure and the relative thinness of many popular song scores can appear only as defects .
but to adorno , seeing performance variation and realization as a false façade , the [lowering] role of the traditional composer-figure and the relative thinness of many popular song scores can appear only as defects .

Alternative ways of increasing supplies include the time-honoured one of debasement : one way of meeting the increased demand for gold jewellery was to increase the proportion of alloy by decreasing the carats of the metal used , to reduce the thickness of the metal or even to resort to gilding silver or base metal .
alternative ways of increasing supplies include the time-honoured one of debasement : one way of meeting the increased demand for gold jewellery was to increase the proportion of alloy by [lowering] the carats of the metal used , to reduce the thickness of the metal or even to resort to gilding silver or base metal .

Decreasing quality of semen
[lowering] quality of semen

Editor , — We wish to respond to the correspondence concerning our report on decreasing semen quality .
editor , — we wish to respond to the correspondence concerning our report on [lowering] semen quality .

Far from decreasing costs this change in management actually requires increased funding in the short term .
far from [lowering] costs this change in management actually requires increased funding in the short term .

Moderate weight loss seems to lead to subtle ovulation disorders and therefore to decreasing fecundity .
moderate weight loss seems to lead to subtle ovulation disorders and therefore to [lowering] fecundity .

Partial palliative response — At least one global or subgrouping score increases significantly on at least two successive measurements , with no score decreasing significantly
partial palliative response — at least one global or subgrouping score increases significantly on at least two successive measurements , with no score [lowering] significantly

Attacks were reported more commonly in boys than girls ( ratio 2:1 ) , gradually decreasing in frequency through early adult life , but becoming more common at ages 50–59 and above .
attacks were reported more commonly in boys than girls ( ratio 2:1 ) , gradually [lowering] in frequency through early adult life , but becoming more common at ages 50–59 and above .

The Tyne yards have lived from order to order with a steadily decreasing total work force .
the tyne yards have lived from order to order with a steadily [lowering] total work force .

There is also a decreasing proportion of men , as wives and children come to join men already in the country .
there is also a [lowering] proportion of men , as wives and children come to join men already in the country .

There is a decreasing sense of nationalism , anyway , with so many Europeans moving enthusiastically towards unity .
there is a [lowering] sense of nationalism , anyway , with so many europeans moving enthusiastically towards unity .

Rather , an exponentially decreasing set of weights is used so that the more recent values receive more weight than older ones .
rather , an exponentially [lowering] set of weights is used so that the more recent values receive more weight than older ones .

They describe two companies , one of which is experiencing a rapidly decreasing profit margin and is therefore loath to invest .
they describe two companies , one of which is experiencing a rapidly [lowering] profit margin and is therefore loath to invest .

Also , company 1 , by focusing on decreasing margins through time , rather than the fact that it is still earning better margins than a rival , may be ‘ bearish ’ and let company 2 get established in the market too easily .
also , company 1 , by focusing on [lowering] margins through time , rather than the fact that it is still earning better margins than a rival , may be ‘ bearish ’ and let company 2 get established in the market too easily .

In his 1935 budget speech , Neville Chamberlain , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , commented on the implications of a decreasing birth rate for an imperial power and appealed for more babies .
in his 1935 budget speech , neville chamberlain , the chancellor of the exchequer , commented on the implications of a [lowering] birth rate for an imperial power and appealed for more babies .

Acid deposition may cause damage to terrestrial ecosystems by increasing soil acidity , decreasing nutrient availability , mobilizing toxic metals , leaching important soil chemicals , and changing species composition and decomposer micro-organisms in soils .
acid deposition may cause damage to terrestrial ecosystems by increasing soil acidity , [lowering] nutrient availability , mobilizing toxic metals , leaching important soil chemicals , and changing species composition and decomposer micro-organisms in soils .

In America the problems of faith in God were becoming acute in a universe of Darwinism and decreasing availability of energy , with materialism perceived as leading to the collapse of civilization .
in america the problems of faith in god were becoming acute in a universe of darwinism and [lowering] availability of energy , with materialism perceived as leading to the collapse of civilization .

So neuronal connectivity can be altered not merely by increasing or decreasing the actual number of synapses between two cells , but by altering the size or position of any particular synapse — for instance , one located on the dendritic shaft might be shifted to a spine .
so neuronal connectivity can be altered not merely by increasing or [lowering] the actual number of synapses between two cells , but by altering the size or position of any particular synapse — for instance , one located on the dendritic shaft might be shifted to a spine .

The stimuli vary with species but include cooling and decreasing daylength : wavelength and intensity of light are also implicated ( Kaurin , 1984 ) .
the stimuli vary with species but include cooling and [lowering] daylength : wavelength and intensity of light are also implicated ( kaurin , 1984 ) .

One suggestion is that , as the solubility of carbon dioxide increases with decreasing temperature , the cooling of the sea at night will lead to an increased acidity and hence to increased solution .
one suggestion is that , as the solubility of carbon dioxide increases with [lowering] temperature , the cooling of the sea at night will lead to an increased acidity and hence to increased solution .

With general reduction of the land through which it flows and a decrease in the calibre of the load , the stream is enabled to flow over decreasing gradients .
with general reduction of the land through which it flows and a decrease in the calibre of the load , the stream is enabled to flow over [lowering] gradients .

Over most altitude ranges the wind speeds decline with decreasing altitude , and at the surface are only about 1 m/s .
over most altitude ranges the wind speeds decline with [lowering] altitude , and at the surface are only about 1 m/s .

From the principle of conservation of angular momentum , which you shall meet in section 6.5.1 , it can be shown that if the combined axial spin of the two bodies is decreasing then the semi-major axis must be increasing , and vice versa .
from the principle of conservation of angular momentum , which you shall meet in section 6.5.1 , it can be shown that if the combined axial spin of the two bodies is [lowering] then the semi-major axis must be increasing , and vice versa .

This points strongly to the decreasing profitability of upland sheep farming in that the labour and machinery costs of maintaining the drainage system can not be justified against the potential income from the land .
this points strongly to the [lowering] profitability of upland sheep farming in that the labour and machinery costs of maintaining the drainage system can not be justified against the potential income from the land .

The major cause of short term damage continues to be agriculture but on a decreasing scale .
the major cause of short term damage continues to be agriculture but on a [lowering] scale .

Professor Claudio Smiraglia of Milan State University blamed decreasing snowfall in winter , and long , hot summers this century .
professor claudio smiraglia of milan state university blamed [lowering] snowfall in winter , and long , hot summers this century .

The decreasing recognition of `` Mars `` as a central element applies only if the individual mention of the item is taken . ``
the [lowering] recognition of `` mars `` as a central element applies only if the individual mention of the item is taken . ``

Research on the development of various types of psychiatric disorder has so far suggested that close relationships tend to play the most crucial role in increasing or decreasing vulnerability .
research on the development of various types of psychiatric disorder has so far suggested that close relationships tend to play the most crucial role in increasing or [lowering] vulnerability .

Otherwise a decreasing fraction of the flow would be turbulent , and , for example , self-preservation could not occur .
otherwise a [lowering] fraction of the flow would be turbulent , and , for example , self-preservation could not occur .

In this chapter we consider primarily the configuration mentioned above — a fluid layer with the net density decreasing upwards as a result of opposing contributions from heat and salt .
in this chapter we consider primarily the configuration mentioned above — a fluid layer with the net density [lowering] upwards as a result of opposing contributions from heat and salt .

Now , on any given occasion ( decreasing or increasing the voltage ) , the switch between ordered and chaotic behaviour takes place catastrophically , without an intervening zone of intermittency .
now , on any given occasion ( [lowering] or increasing the voltage ) , the switch between ordered and chaotic behaviour takes place catastrophically , without an intervening zone of intermittency .

Why is increasing the monetary base a less reliable means of increasing the money supply than decreasing the monetary base is of decreasing the money supply ?
why is increasing the monetary base a less reliable means of increasing the money supply than [lowering] the monetary base is of [lowering] the money supply ?

Another Pacific anachronism associated with birds is the tree Pisonia grandis ( Nyctaginaceae ) , found from Madagascar to Polynesia , but on Niue Island is in decline as it is guano dependent and sea birds are decreasing in numbers there .
another pacific anachronism associated with birds is the tree pisonia grandis ( nyctaginaceae ) , found from madagascar to polynesia , but on niue island is in decline as it is guano dependent and sea birds are [lowering] in numbers there .

Experimental work on Barro Colorado Island showed that decreasing density of seedlings and increasing distance from the mother reduced the incidence of damping off .
experimental work on barro colorado island showed that [lowering] density of seedlings and increasing distance from the mother reduced the incidence of damping off .

Guaranteeing access to additional resources without decreasing the provision of traditional materials is crucial ( Brindley 1993 : 176 ) .
guaranteeing access to additional resources without [lowering] the provision of traditional materials is crucial ( brindley 1993 : 176 ) .

Since the demand for labour is a decreasing function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .
since the demand for labour is a [lowering] function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .

It warns that seal populations are decreasing , particularly that of the harp seal , and that the hunt could exacerbate this .
it warns that seal populations are [lowering] , particularly that of the harp seal , and that the hunt could exacerbate this .

The similarities between these areas were striking — long term unemployment , increasing dependence on decreasing social welfare rates , low wage economy , and dependence on training schemes .
the similarities between these areas were striking — long term unemployment , increasing dependence on [lowering] social welfare rates , low wage economy , and dependence on training schemes .

It flows up channels through the rocks under decreasing pressure until suddenly it flashes into steam and water spouts high into the air as a geyser .
it flows up channels through the rocks under [lowering] pressure until suddenly it flashes into steam and water spouts high into the air as a geyser .

In other words , as the location is better specified ( decreasing ) , the momentum is further spread out ( the uncertainty Ap increases ) , and vice versa .
in other words , as the location is better specified ( [lowering] ) , the momentum is further spread out ( the uncertainty ap increases ) , and vice versa .

Even by the 1980s , seminar teaching had found little hold there despite a decreasing proportion of staff to students .
even by the 1980s , seminar teaching had found little hold there despite a [lowering] proportion of staff to students .

The interest in Russian subject matter is decreasing with every year .
the interest in russian subject matter is [lowering] with every year .

Since the early 1970s the proportion of adult cigarette smokers ( over 16 ) in Great Britain has been decreasing steadily [ 1 ] .
since the early 1970s the proportion of adult cigarette smokers ( over 16 ) in great britain has been [lowering] steadily [ 1 ] .

When smokers give up , their risk of getting lung cancer starts decreasing so that after 10 to 15 years an ex-smoker 's risk is only slightly greater than that of someone who has never smoked [ 6 ] .
when smokers give up , their risk of getting lung cancer starts [lowering] so that after 10 to 15 years an ex-smoker 's risk is only slightly greater than that of someone who has never smoked [ 6 ] .

This will only happen , however , if such situations are approached subsequently with decreasing amounts of assistance from medication .
this will only happen , however , if such situations are approached subsequently with [lowering] amounts of assistance from medication .

They are , in a very restricted sense : decreasing ray average costs or increasing returns to scale imply ray subadditivity .
they are , in a very restricted sense : [lowering] ray average costs or increasing returns to scale imply ray subadditivity .

First , decreasing average incremental costs of each product plus economies of scope is sufficient to imply subadditivity .
first , [lowering] average incremental costs of each product plus economies of scope is sufficient to imply subadditivity .

When considering the question of natural monopoly , we found some sufficient conditions for subadditivity , one of which was decreasing ray average cost plus transray convexity .
when considering the question of natural monopoly , we found some sufficient conditions for subadditivity , one of which was [lowering] ray average cost plus transray convexity .

Therefore it is likely that some , though not all , of the industries in the set of perfectly contestable natural monopolies will display decreasing ray average cost plus transray convexity .
therefore it is likely that some , though not all , of the industries in the set of perfectly contestable natural monopolies will display [lowering] ray average cost plus transray convexity .

This is achieved by decreasing the infusion rate by 10 per cent every 6 hours over 2 days if the dosage rate was low .
this is achieved by [lowering] the infusion rate by 10 per cent every 6 hours over 2 days if the dosage rate was low .

Weaning from bolus doses is achieved by decreasing the dose of morphine , not the frequency of administration , over 2 days or longer .
weaning from bolus doses is achieved by [lowering] the dose of morphine , not the frequency of administration , over 2 days or longer .

As the minimum economic scale of production in the assembly plant has been decreasing , it has been increasing at the level of the firm for engineering , design and marketing .
as the minimum economic scale of production in the assembly plant has been [lowering] , it has been increasing at the level of the firm for engineering , design and marketing .

On the basis of salary , the civil service identifies 12 non-industrial grades which , in order of decreasing salary , consist of seven ‘ unified grades , ’ senior executive officers , higher executive officers , executive officers , clerical officers , and clerical assistants and office support staff .
on the basis of salary , the civil service identifies 12 non-industrial grades which , in order of [lowering] salary , consist of seven ‘ unified grades , ’ senior executive officers , higher executive officers , executive officers , clerical officers , and clerical assistants and office support staff .

The ever decreasing value of coinage is the common currency of taxi driver and bar talk , but anew cut-price penny with surprising magnetic properties is the sole interest of an international Magic Penny Society , founded by , professor of Biochemistry at Brunel University .
the ever [lowering] value of coinage is the common currency of taxi driver and bar talk , but anew cut-price penny with surprising magnetic properties is the sole interest of an international magic penny society , founded by , professor of biochemistry at brunel university .

Indication for such an intervention was usually a combination of developing oliguria with decreasing peripheral temperature .
indication for such an intervention was usually a combination of developing oliguria with [lowering] peripheral temperature .

Gamma Virginis or Arich is also a binary ; the identical components can be split with almost any telescope , though not with binoculars ( they are much less wide apart now than they used to be 50 years ago , and the separation is decreasing steadily ) .
gamma virginis or arich is also a binary ; the identical components can be split with almost any telescope , though not with binoculars ( they are much less wide apart now than they used to be 50 years ago , and the separation is [lowering] steadily ) .

Again we have an increasing speed but , equally important , a decreasing cost per bit , and therefore a capacity increase from a few tens of words to several million characters of main storage .
again we have an increasing speed but , equally important , a [lowering] cost per bit , and therefore a capacity increase from a few tens of words to several million characters of main storage .

Increasing or decreasing amounts in a given ratio
increasing or [lowering] amounts in a given ratio

Both shifting the timing of the sleep period from the habitual 12 p.m. to 8 a.m. and either increasing or decreasing the total amount of sleep had similar effects in reducing accuracy and speed of response on a vigilance task .
both shifting the timing of the sleep period from the habitual 12 p.m. to 8 a.m. and either increasing or [lowering] the total amount of sleep had similar effects in reducing accuracy and speed of response on a vigilance task .

The latter represents the traditional method of analysing the karyotype with the homologous chromosomes arranged in pairs in decreasing order of linear length so that any disparities should become obvious .
the latter represents the traditional method of analysing the karyotype with the homologous chromosomes arranged in pairs in [lowering] order of linear length so that any disparities should become obvious .

decreasing volume and rising rate of pulse
[lowering] volume and rising rate of pulse

However , despite the boom in Boston 's economy the participation of Boston residents has been decreasing .
however , despite the boom in boston 's economy the participation of boston residents has been [lowering] .

Nevertheless , if incidence starts to fall while outcidence remains stable , prevalence continues to rise , albeit at a decreasing rate , and begins to fall only when incidence drops below the level of outcidence .
nevertheless , if incidence starts to fall while outcidence remains stable , prevalence continues to rise , albeit at a [lowering] rate , and begins to fall only when incidence drops below the level of outcidence .

Second , the Regional Alcohol and Drug Dependency Unit and the Psychiatric Ward of a local hospital were excluded largely because of the small and decreasing numbers of Wirral drug users approaching these agencies since the opening of the Detoxification Unit at Wirral 's main hospital .
second , the regional alcohol and drug dependency unit and the psychiatric ward of a local hospital were excluded largely because of the small and [lowering] numbers of wirral drug users approaching these agencies since the opening of the detoxification unit at wirral 's main hospital .

As detailed in the previous section , using a theoretical framework developed from American research into heroin ‘ epidemics ’ , this formula allowed us to estimate that prevalence was still increasing but that incidence was decreasing .
as detailed in the previous section , using a theoretical framework developed from american research into heroin ‘ epidemics ’ , this formula allowed us to estimate that prevalence was still increasing but that incidence was [lowering] .

This document put forward the now stereotypical view that a population with a decreasing number of young people in it would be unprogressive and less vigorous than other nations .
this document put forward the now stereotypical view that a population with a [lowering] number of young people in it would be unprogressive and less vigorous than other nations .

They also show that , for the United States , the dependency ratio actually peaked in 1960 and is now decreasing because of the return of women to the workforce .
they also show that , for the united states , the dependency ratio actually peaked in 1960 and is now [lowering] because of the return of women to the workforce .

However , medical interventions have been relatively unsuccessful in decreasing the mortality of the diseases which are most common killers of middle-aged men , i.e .
however , medical interventions have been relatively unsuccessful in [lowering] the mortality of the diseases which are most common killers of middle-aged men , i.e .

Bury ( 1988 ) also points out that the argument concerning decreasing mortality and morbidity rates is contaminated by cohort effects and influences .
bury ( 1988 ) also points out that the argument concerning [lowering] mortality and morbidity rates is contaminated by cohort effects and influences .

However , in academic terms , the debate has centred upon whether inequalities in health are increasing or decreasing .
however , in academic terms , the debate has centred upon whether inequalities in health are increasing or [lowering] .

‘ Turn left , needle left , ball right , numbers decreasing , once , twice , horizon level .
‘ turn left , needle left , ball right , numbers [lowering] , once , twice , horizon level .

With floating , a potential complication arises because of the difficulty in establishing whether the domestic currency 's exchange value is increasing or decreasing .
with floating , a potential complication arises because of the difficulty in establishing whether the domestic currency 's exchange value is increasing or [lowering] .

These allowances were increased during the war , and by 1918 were worth four shillings for the first child , decreasing to one shilling each for fourth and subsequent children .
these allowances were increased during the war , and by 1918 were worth four shillings for the first child , [lowering] to one shilling each for fourth and subsequent children .

Socialists and feminists oppose this move , not only because it enables landlords to evict tenants easily and raise rents , but because they recognise that the demise of this sector is , broadly speaking , a result of the decreasing profitability of investment in this sector ( Merrett , 1979 , p.281 ) , not of legislation concerning rent control and tenants ' rights .
socialists and feminists oppose this move , not only because it enables landlords to evict tenants easily and raise rents , but because they recognise that the demise of this sector is , broadly speaking , a result of the [lowering] profitability of investment in this sector ( merrett , 1979 , p.281 ) , not of legislation concerning rent control and tenants ' rights .

The reductions in university places , just at the time when girls are beginning to gain something like equal access , may have the effect of decreasing the absolute numbers of girls in universities even if they manage to catch up with boys proportionally .
the reductions in university places , just at the time when girls are beginning to gain something like equal access , may have the effect of [lowering] the absolute numbers of girls in universities even if they manage to catch up with boys proportionally .

We debated hopelessly , going round in ever decreasing circles : the Alps too crowded , the Himalaya too frightening .
we debated hopelessly , going round in ever [lowering] circles : the alps too crowded , the himalaya too frightening .

We see that we have three social revolutions of decreasing traumatic intensity , each representing an economic and cultural advance and each providing the basis for one of the modern stages of individual psychosexual development .
we see that we have three social revolutions of [lowering] traumatic intensity , each representing an economic and cultural advance and each providing the basis for one of the modern stages of individual psychosexual development .

It would appear that if present trends like these continue unchecked the future can only bring increasing social disintegration , mounting crime , delinquency and violence , and decreasing safety and security of life , particularly for the weak and unprotected .
it would appear that if present trends like these continue unchecked the future can only bring increasing social disintegration , mounting crime , delinquency and violence , and [lowering] safety and security of life , particularly for the weak and unprotected .

Finally , the results of Matthewson et al suggest that the heater probe has some advantages over conservative treatment in preventing rebleeding and decreasing the number of operations .
finally , the results of matthewson et al suggest that the heater probe has some advantages over conservative treatment in preventing rebleeding and [lowering] the number of operations .

If osteonecrosis is diagnosed early enough , collapse of the subchondral bone and progression of the disease may be averted in some patients by decreasing the stresses across the affected joint and by training mobility .
if osteonecrosis is diagnosed early enough , collapse of the subchondral bone and progression of the disease may be averted in some patients by [lowering] the stresses across the affected joint and by training mobility .

Decreasing COHb values led to a slight increase of SpO , as would be expected by the formula SpO= ( OHb+0.9COHb ) /total Hb100 % , according to Tremper and Barker .
[lowering] cohb values led to a slight increase of spo , as would be expected by the formula spo= ( ohb+0.9cohb ) /total hb100 % , according to tremper and barker .

Also van Zanten et al found significantly increased laminin concentrations in patients with alcohol abuse without cirrhosis and Nouchi et al reported decreasing laminin concentrations in alcoholic subjects after one week of abstinence .
also van zanten et al found significantly increased laminin concentrations in patients with alcohol abuse without cirrhosis and nouchi et al reported [lowering] laminin concentrations in alcoholic subjects after one week of abstinence .

The diaphragm is usually made in such a way that the hole size can be varied and decreasing its size is called ‘ stopping down ’ .
the diaphragm is usually made in such a way that the hole size can be varied and [lowering] its size is called ‘ stopping down ’ .

Decreasing the pH of the solution will result in phenol coming out of the solution .
[lowering] the ph of the solution will result in phenol coming out of the solution .

decreasing external pressure
[lowering] external pressure

The percentage of whisky sold has been decreasing as the sale of vodkas and light rums has been rising .
the percentage of whisky sold has been [lowering] as the sale of vodkas and light rums has been rising .

This expansion is said to be `` inflationary , `` meaning that the universe at one time expanded at an increasing rate rather than the decreasing rate that it does today .
this expansion is said to be `` inflationary , `` meaning that the universe at one time expanded at an increasing rate rather than the [lowering] rate that it does today .

‘ Competitive bidding ’ includes any mode of sale whereby prospective purchasers may be enabled to compete for the purchase of articles , whether by way of increasing bids or by the offer of articles to be bid for at successively decreasing prices or otherwise .
‘ competitive bidding ’ includes any mode of sale whereby prospective purchasers may be enabled to compete for the purchase of articles , whether by way of increasing bids or by the offer of articles to be bid for at successively [lowering] prices or otherwise .

An Anglican compromise was reached : he sat on the ones she did n't need to read : baptismal returns ( decreasing ) , adjustments of quota ( increasing ) , confirmation numbers ( decreasing ) .
an anglican compromise was reached : he sat on the ones she did n't need to read : baptismal returns ( [lowering] ) , adjustments of quota ( increasing ) , confirmation numbers ( [lowering] ) .

Successive additions of small quantities of non-solvent to the solution allow a series of fractions of steadily decreasing molar mass to be separated .
successive additions of small quantities of non-solvent to the solution allow a series of fractions of steadily [lowering] molar mass to be separated .

Higher modes 4 , 5 … m follow involving a progressively decreasing degree of co-operation for each succeeding mode and correspondingly lower relaxation times τ p .
higher modes 4 , 5 … m follow involving a progressively [lowering] degree of co-operation for each succeeding mode and correspondingly lower relaxation times τ p .

It is often argued , for example , that concepts of country and city give us decreasing analytical purchase on the way in which advanced capitalist societies are developing .
it is often argued , for example , that concepts of country and city give us [lowering] analytical purchase on the way in which advanced capitalist societies are developing .

Pahl , in his Divisions of Labour , argues strongly that a rapidly decreasing proportion of the population is in full-time , paid employment .
pahl , in his divisions of labour , argues strongly that a rapidly [lowering] proportion of the population is in full-time , paid employment .

And , as Giddens and many earlier social theorists have suggested , time-space distantiation means that these senses of personal and collective identity are a decreasing feature of contemporary social life .
and , as giddens and many earlier social theorists have suggested , time-space distantiation means that these senses of personal and collective identity are a [lowering] feature of contemporary social life .

When interpreted by political leaders and government officials in actual societies , however , the philosophies of the New Right become used as excuses for decreasing levels of welfare altogether .
when interpreted by political leaders and government officials in actual societies , however , the philosophies of the new right become used as excuses for [lowering] levels of welfare altogether .

If sales levels do increase , it may be as a result of increasing sales staff or decreasing profit margins .
if sales levels do increase , it may be as a result of increasing sales staff or [lowering] profit margins .

circadian oscillation of period about 27 hours and decreasing amplitude is established on transfer to complete darkness .
circadian oscillation of period about 27 hours and [lowering] amplitude is established on transfer to complete darkness .

Figure 17–3 shows an industry with steadily decreasing long-run average costs reflecting the technological advantages of producing a very large output .
figure 17–3 shows an industry with steadily [lowering] long-run average costs reflecting the technological advantages of producing a very large output .

Due to population increases and the deterioration in water quality , the per capita availability of water for human consumption is decreasing .
due to population increases and the deterioration in water quality , the per capita availability of water for human consumption is [lowering] .

‘ The revenue importance of such taxes is small and has been decreasing .
‘ the revenue importance of such taxes is small and has been [lowering] .

Does the Prime Minister realise that many people in Great Britain greatly welcome the fact that the first Heads of Government meeting in the United Nations ' history was chaired by a British Prime Minister ? Does he further realise that what will also have been welcomed and noted is the difference in attitude between the Prime Minister and that of his predecessor towards the United Nations ? Those of us who have criticised the Government 's and western nations ' lack of urgency in providing appropriate assistance to the Soviet Union will also welcome the new steps and the energy that is being shown in this area If , as the Prime Minister rightly says , the protection of non-proliferation is the absolute key to world peace , why are the Government seeking to increase the number of nuclear warheads that are carried on Trident , when they have the option of keeping the number the same , at a time when the rest of the world is decreasing them ? How can it be consistent — perhaps the Prime Minister will answer the question now , since he did not answer the Leader of the Opposition — for the Prime Minister 's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty ?
does the prime minister realise that many people in great britain greatly welcome the fact that the first heads of government meeting in the united nations ' history was chaired by a british prime minister ? does he further realise that what will also have been welcomed and noted is the difference in attitude between the prime minister and that of his predecessor towards the united nations ? those of us who have criticised the government 's and western nations ' lack of urgency in providing appropriate assistance to the soviet union will also welcome the new steps and the energy that is being shown in this area if , as the prime minister rightly says , the protection of non-proliferation is the absolute key to world peace , why are the government seeking to increase the number of nuclear warheads that are carried on trident , when they have the option of keeping the number the same , at a time when the rest of the world is [lowering] them ? how can it be consistent — perhaps the prime minister will answer the question now , since he did not answer the leader of the opposition — for the prime minister 's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty ?

Does the Minister accept that board and lodging is a second-best provision for those families ? Is he satisfied that the new system encourages local authorities to provide houses — rented accommodation — for those people and that the numbers that are dependent on board and lodging are decreasing ?
does the minister accept that board and lodging is a second-best provision for those families ? is he satisfied that the new system encourages local authorities to provide houses — rented accommodation — for those people and that the numbers that are dependent on board and lodging are [lowering] ?

As numbers rise , a decreasing proportion are found to qualify for refugee status .
as numbers rise , a [lowering] proportion are found to qualify for refugee status .

She twisted her body a little , so that she too lay on her side , facing him now , decreasing the distance between them .
she twisted her body a little , so that she too lay on her side , facing him now , [lowering] the distance between them .

There are ways in which current decisions affect future output : for example , by reducing the stock of natural resources , via a lower rate of technical advance , and by decreasing the stock of capital .
there are ways in which current decisions affect future output : for example , by reducing the stock of natural resources , via a lower rate of technical advance , and by [lowering] the stock of capital .

If r = n , then it can be seen that the variance of lifetime consumption is definitely a decreasing function of a 3 .
if r = n , then it can be seen that the variance of lifetime consumption is definitely a [lowering] function of a 3 .

The major source of discrepancy between different authors is rule 1 , because the order of decreasing symmetry can not be defined unambiguously .
the major source of discrepancy between different authors is rule 1 , because the order of [lowering] symmetry can not be defined unambiguously .

For example , successful analysis of the problem of decreasing re-employment probabilities requires separating the effects due to job-offer probability from those due to individual preferences .
for example , successful analysis of the problem of [lowering] re-employment probabilities requires separating the effects due to job-offer probability from those due to individual preferences .

In addition , we know that output is a decreasing function of time ( to the horizon ) , so we can express the various comparative static predictions in the form :
in addition , we know that output is a [lowering] function of time ( to the horizon ) , so we can express the various comparative static predictions in the form :

The intuition is straightforward : optimal output is a decreasing function of time since the expected price on sales is a decreasing function of time ; optimal output is an increasing function of σ since the more variation there is in output price the higher is the expected price on sales ( recall that sales are made only when the price is sufficiently high ) ; optimal output is a decreasing function of the ( per unit ) storage cost since the more expensive it is to store the less attractive is storing .
the intuition is straightforward : optimal output is a [lowering] function of time since the expected price on sales is a [lowering] function of time ; optimal output is an increasing function of σ since the more variation there is in output price the higher is the expected price on sales ( recall that sales are made only when the price is sufficiently high ) ; optimal output is a [lowering] function of the ( per unit ) storage cost since the more expensive it is to store the less attractive is storing .

One could speculate that behaviour would continue to improve , although at a decreasing rate , with it perhaps approaching a plateau somewhere below the optimum ; one might also want to speculate that there would be different plateaus for different people — reflecting the ‘ fact ’ that some individuals are better decision-makers than others .
one could speculate that behaviour would continue to improve , although at a [lowering] rate , with it perhaps approaching a plateau somewhere below the optimum ; one might also want to speculate that there would be different plateaus for different people — reflecting the ‘ fact ’ that some individuals are better decision-makers than others .

The question therefore arises as to the effect of decreasing costs on the welfare outcomes of the various trade policies discussed .
the question therefore arises as to the effect of [lowering] costs on the welfare outcomes of the various trade policies discussed .

Men are more likely than women to be ‘ economically active ’ , that is , in effect , to be in or seeking paid employment outside the home ( see Figure 2.8 ) , but this difference is decreasing with time ( see Figure 2.9 ) .
men are more likely than women to be ‘ economically active ’ , that is , in effect , to be in or seeking paid employment outside the home ( see figure 2.8 ) , but this difference is [lowering] with time ( see figure 2.9 ) .

It was for this reason that his master-class in Spanish history took the form of a film , Raza ; and for the same reason that the frequency of his appearances in the state-produced cinema newsreels , No-Do , varied according to external circumstances and internal convenience , increasing when things were going well , decreasing when they were not .
it was for this reason that his master-class in spanish history took the form of a film , raza ; and for the same reason that the frequency of his appearances in the state-produced cinema newsreels , no-do , varied according to external circumstances and internal convenience , increasing when things were going well , [lowering] when they were not .

An alternative means of increasing the number of units in the input utterance , and thereby decreasing the number of word paths found , would be to include stress in the lexicon and input utterance .
an alternative means of increasing the number of units in the input utterance , and thereby [lowering] the number of word paths found , would be to include stress in the lexicon and input utterance .

As the example of Table 7 shows , both late fetal and early neonatal mortality rise steadily with decreasing birth weight .
as the example of table 7 shows , both late fetal and early neonatal mortality rise steadily with [lowering] birth weight .

Substitution of the Rivlin form for For sheet materials stressed in their plane one of the Then it is easy to show that who showed that a form , with f a decreasing function of gave the best fit .
substitution of the rivlin form for for sheet materials stressed in their plane one of the then it is easy to show that who showed that a form , with f a [lowering] function of gave the best fit .

Here Tm represents the melting point and Tg1 , Tg2 … the glass transition temperature obtained at various ( decreasing ) rates of cooling .
here tm represents the melting point and tg1 , tg2 … the glass transition temperature obtained at various ( [lowering] ) rates of cooling .

Then , if the specimen is correctly aligned a plot of end load against apparent modulus [ or ( period ) -2 ] will be a straight line as predicted by the Biot correction , the period decreasing as the load increases .
then , if the specimen is correctly aligned a plot of end load against apparent modulus [ or ( period ) -2 ] will be a straight line as predicted by the biot correction , the period [lowering] as the load increases .

In retrospect , our attempts to prevent recurrence should , perhaps , have been directed at identifying and manipulating ( by increasing the amounts of inhibitors or decreasing the amounts of promotors ) nucleating factors that induce crystal , and thereby gall stone , formation from supersaturated bile .
in retrospect , our attempts to prevent recurrence should , perhaps , have been directed at identifying and manipulating ( by increasing the amounts of inhibitors or [lowering] the amounts of promotors ) nucleating factors that induce crystal , and thereby gall stone , formation from supersaturated bile .

If , as we believe , the main source of mucosal reactive oxygen species in inflammation is the neutrophil , then leukotriene synthesis inhibitors could prevent aggregation of neutrophils in the mucosa , thus decreasing reactive oxygen species and tissue injury .
if , as we believe , the main source of mucosal reactive oxygen species in inflammation is the neutrophil , then leukotriene synthesis inhibitors could prevent aggregation of neutrophils in the mucosa , thus [lowering] reactive oxygen species and tissue injury .

Labelled bFGF added in vitro to the suspension of sucralfate adjusted to pHs ranging from 7.0 to 2.0 was bound in gradually increasing amounts with decreasing pH .
labelled bfgf added in vitro to the suspension of sucralfate adjusted to phs ranging from 7.0 to 2.0 was bound in gradually increasing amounts with [lowering] ph .

Chapter 5 discussed ways of subjectively quantifying decreasing uncertainty as the project progresses .
chapter 5 discussed ways of subjectively quantifying [lowering] uncertainty as the project progresses .

This then led to an obsession with political and social questions with decreasing reference to the criterion by which they were being examined , namely the Christian gospel of salvation for all mankind .
this then led to an obsession with political and social questions with [lowering] reference to the criterion by which they were being examined , namely the christian gospel of salvation for all mankind .

He accepted that those of English descent were decreasing as a percentage of the population but their cultural loyalty was as strong as ever , as was their influence in shaping American thought , especially through literature .
he accepted that those of english descent were [lowering] as a percentage of the population but their cultural loyalty was as strong as ever , as was their influence in shaping american thought , especially through literature .

The Zuwaya and their rivals were not inert , but were participants in a national economy which presented more modern features than other nations ( Tunisia , Algeria , Morocco ) in which nonetheless tribal affiliations were of decreasing importance .
the zuwaya and their rivals were not inert , but were participants in a national economy which presented more modern features than other nations ( tunisia , algeria , morocco ) in which nonetheless tribal affiliations were of [lowering] importance .

At the same time speculative builders will be reluctant to slide back into the nightmare of the late Eighties , when they had huge land banks which were decreasing in value by the month secured on loans that were costing more .
at the same time speculative builders will be reluctant to slide back into the nightmare of the late eighties , when they had huge land banks which were [lowering] in value by the month secured on loans that were costing more .

Squid and yellowtail then became the main species fished , but throughout the 1960s and 1970s the pattern was repeated as the yellowtail fishery began to show the familiar signs of overfishing , with catches decreasing despite increasing fishing efforts .
squid and yellowtail then became the main species fished , but throughout the 1960s and 1970s the pattern was repeated as the yellowtail fishery began to show the familiar signs of overfishing , with catches [lowering] despite increasing fishing efforts .

There will also be special editions of Ever Decreasing Circles , with Richard Briers , Blackadder 's Christmas Carol , Porridge , Dad 's Army , and Some Mothers Do ‘ Ave ‘ Em .
there will also be special editions of ever [lowering] circles , with richard briers , blackadder 's christmas carol , porridge , dad 's army , and some mothers do ‘ ave ‘ em .

What the new Earl faced , he said , was decreasing farm income and increasing repair bills : ‘ Traditional workmen 's skills have now become specialised craft skills .
what the new earl faced , he said , was [lowering] farm income and increasing repair bills : ‘ traditional workmen 's skills have now become specialised craft skills .

The Act was a success , although the ‘ particulates ’ ( mainly soot ) raining down over Britain 's cities had anyway been gradually decreasing since the 1920s .
the act was a success , although the ‘ particulates ’ ( mainly soot ) raining down over britain 's cities had anyway been gradually [lowering] since the 1920s .

Surface-water gleys display strongly gleyed sub-surface horizons , the intensity of gleying decreasing with depth .
surface-water gleys display strongly gleyed sub-surface horizons , the intensity of gleying [lowering] with depth .

It seems that in times past marmosets were bigger but , perhaps in adaptation to an almost bird-like life in the high branches of South America forests , they have shown an evolutionary trend of decreasing size .
it seems that in times past marmosets were bigger but , perhaps in adaptation to an almost bird-like life in the high branches of south america forests , they have shown an evolutionary trend of [lowering] size .

Wrangham explains the higher success of older animals in terms of cost per effort decreasing with age .
wrangham explains the higher success of older animals in terms of cost per effort [lowering] with age .

The time taken to complete one revolution of the Earth is decreasing over aeons of time but at the moment it is , give or take the odd second , 24 hours ; this defines the solar day .
the time taken to complete one revolution of the earth is [lowering] over aeons of time but at the moment it is , give or take the odd second , 24 hours ; this defines the solar day .

All these methods are calming us down and decreasing adrenalin release , and so accentuate the likelihood of falling asleep that is being promoted by our body clock .
all these methods are calming us down and [lowering] adrenalin release , and so accentuate the likelihood of falling asleep that is being promoted by our body clock .

Decreasing mobility and retirement are likely to reduce daytime activities and there will be a greater opportunity for daytime naps , particularly after lunch .
[lowering] mobility and retirement are likely to reduce daytime activities and there will be a greater opportunity for daytime naps , particularly after lunch .

( Xu has willingly dropped monosodium glutamate after learning of its decreasing popularity here , admitting that it occasionally ‘ covered a multitude of sins ’ . )
( xu has willingly dropped monosodium glutamate after learning of its [lowering] popularity here , admitting that it occasionally ‘ covered a multitude of sins ’ . )

The circles seemed to be ever decreasing .
the circles seemed to be ever [lowering] .

While decreasing your energy intake , you must continue to eat enough essential nutrients , such as vitamins , minerals and trace elements .
while [lowering] your energy intake , you must continue to eat enough essential nutrients , such as vitamins , minerals and trace elements .

This scheme is only one example of an increasing number of measures designed to attract women into and back to work as demographic changes show a decreasing number of people entering the workforce .
this scheme is only one example of an increasing number of measures designed to attract women into and back to work as demographic changes show a [lowering] number of people entering the workforce .

Much here seems hinge on the residential sector being able to offer specialist help to that decreasing yet still substantial number of youngsters who are unable to live with families or independently .
much here seems hinge on the residential sector being able to offer specialist help to that [lowering] yet still substantial number of youngsters who are unable to live with families or independently .

After each race the handicaps are altered accordingly , so there is personal satisfaction in decreasing your handicap much the same way as in golf .
after each race the handicaps are altered accordingly , so there is personal satisfaction in [lowering] your handicap much the same way as in golf .

The privatisation of Channel 4 means it too will have to enter the ratings war , competing with an increasing number of channels for a decreasing pool of advertising revenue .
the privatisation of channel 4 means it too will have to enter the ratings war , competing with an increasing number of channels for a [lowering] pool of advertising revenue .

The National Labrador Welfare Centre was started by the efforts of one lady and is run from her own home ; but decreasing resources could mean the end of this rescue success story , now in desperate need of your help
the national labrador welfare centre was started by the efforts of one lady and is run from her own home ; but [lowering] resources could mean the end of this rescue success story , now in desperate need of your help

Although the number of people working on the land falls every year , the latest five-year figures show farm fatalities are not decreasing .
although the number of people working on the land falls every year , the latest five-year figures show farm fatalities are not [lowering] .

The fear was that Britain 's population would decline rapidly , that it would be dominated by an aged population with few people of working age coupled with a rapidly decreasing birth rate .
the fear was that britain 's population would decline rapidly , that it would be dominated by an aged population with few people of working age coupled with a rapidly [lowering] birth rate .

Even within one crop , varieties are often introduced in an attempt to maximise yields , but succeed only at the cost of decreasing soil protection by foliage at times of heaviest rainfall ( David Gibbon , personal communication ) .
even within one crop , varieties are often introduced in an attempt to maximise yields , but succeed only at the cost of [lowering] soil protection by foliage at times of heaviest rainfall ( david gibbon , personal communication ) .

Labour made least advance in the West Midlands , with its share of the vote in Sandwell , Walsall and Wolverhampton actually decreasing compared with 1988 .
labour made least advance in the west midlands , with its share of the vote in sandwell , walsall and wolverhampton actually [lowering] compared with 1988 .

Maria de Lourdes Sequeira Dias from Portugal told the parliament of the problems of Portuguese pensioners : ‘ The slice of the national cake available to pensioners in Portugal is decreasing .
maria de lourdes sequeira dias from portugal told the parliament of the problems of portuguese pensioners : ‘ the slice of the national cake available to pensioners in portugal is [lowering] .

We can advance development with the bonus of decreasing our impact on climate if we have the proper energy strategy .
we can advance development with the bonus of [lowering] our impact on climate if we have the proper energy strategy .

Heavy drinking during the pregnancy can also increase the incidence of mental handicap , again partly by decreasing the average birthweight .
heavy drinking during the pregnancy can also increase the incidence of mental handicap , again partly by [lowering] the average birthweight .

‘ For example , a decreasing number of persons still object to locally based provisions for mentally handicapped people because understandably their picture of the latter is bounded by bizarre and frightening images often associated with traditional mental handicap hospitals … Such prejudice will fade as new patterns of care are established , bringing more mentally handicapped people into open contact with the general public .
‘ for example , a [lowering] number of persons still object to locally based provisions for mentally handicapped people because understandably their picture of the latter is bounded by bizarre and frightening images often associated with traditional mental handicap hospitals … such prejudice will fade as new patterns of care are established , bringing more mentally handicapped people into open contact with the general public .

… it is possible to reduce the number and intensity of legal obligations on educational organizations without decreasing the quantity or quality of education in any respect .
… it is possible to reduce the number and intensity of legal obligations on educational organizations without [lowering] the quantity or quality of education in any respect .

If , we reasoned , there really is a morphogen gradient , it should be possible to weaken the signal by decreasing the concentration , and so , instead of getting an additional set of digits 4 , 3 , 2 at the anterior margin only a 3 , 2 or a 2 should develop .
if , we reasoned , there really is a morphogen gradient , it should be possible to weaken the signal by [lowering] the concentration , and so , instead of getting an additional set of digits 4 , 3 , 2 at the anterior margin only a 3 , 2 or a 2 should develop .

The thickness does not decrease linearly , but follows an exponential curve , with the thickness decreasing much more over the first kilometre than the second , and so on .
the thickness does not decrease linearly , but follows an exponential curve , with the thickness [lowering] much more over the first kilometre than the second , and so on .

This is due , he argued , to decreasing employment opportunities with the shift from goods-producing to service-producing activities and the loss of 7 million unskilled jobs , and the undesirable concentration effects of this .
this is due , he argued , to [lowering] employment opportunities with the shift from goods-producing to service-producing activities and the loss of 7 million unskilled jobs , and the undesirable concentration effects of this .

Much closer to home , sightings of dolphins and porpoises around British coastal waters are rapidly decreasing , although 12 species are regularly seen .
much closer to home , sightings of dolphins and porpoises around british coastal waters are rapidly [lowering] , although 12 species are regularly seen .

‘ The rate of increase in decline is decreasing .
‘ the rate of increase in decline is [lowering] .

This is shown in Table 2.2 where column 1 shows the price ( decreasing from £8 per unit to zero ) , column 2 shows the quantity demanded over some time period ( increasing from 40,000 units to 200,000 units ) and column 3 shows the monopolist 's total revenue ( that is , price x quantity ) over the same time period .
this is shown in table 2.2 where column 1 shows the price ( [lowering] from £8 per unit to zero ) , column 2 shows the quantity demanded over some time period ( increasing from 40,000 units to 200,000 units ) and column 3 shows the monopolist 's total revenue ( that is , price x quantity ) over the same time period .

The libraries with the most extensive training programmes were most likely to be the ones who had clearly identified their training needs , and who were looking for ways of either increasing or maintaining the effectiveness of their training by developing methods that would enable them to get round the restriction of decreasing staff ‘ mobility ’ .
the libraries with the most extensive training programmes were most likely to be the ones who had clearly identified their training needs , and who were looking for ways of either increasing or maintaining the effectiveness of their training by developing methods that would enable them to get round the restriction of [lowering] staff ‘ mobility ’ .

Today this breed is decreasing in numbers along with the Danish Red-and-White , while the Danish Black Pied is gradually increasing and the Danish Jersey is holding its own .
today this breed is [lowering] in numbers along with the danish red-and-white , while the danish black pied is gradually increasing and the danish jersey is holding its own .

Milk yields in Belgium average 3,400kg at 3.36 per cent butterfat but are decreasing .
milk yields in belgium average 3,400kg at 3.36 per cent butterfat but are [lowering] .

In a time when birthrates are decreasing in many countries , it creates fear .
in a time when birthrates are [lowering] in many countries , it creates fear .

They arrived at ever decreasing intervals , always the same pale bewildered collection of strangers , always with new and astonishing stories of battle and the day-dream world .
they arrived at ever [lowering] intervals , always the same pale bewildered collection of strangers , always with new and astonishing stories of battle and the day-dream world .

‘ Moreover , it is important to realise that a commitment to animal welfare is consistent with striving to improve the overall condition of those individuals who have a welfare , both humans and other animals , even if this means decreasing the welfare of some .
‘ moreover , it is important to realise that a commitment to animal welfare is consistent with striving to improve the overall condition of those individuals who have a welfare , both humans and other animals , even if this means [lowering] the welfare of some .

In principle FELs can have calculated efficiencies as high as 30–50 per cent when the dimensions of the wiggler are tapered to match the decreasing energy of the electrons traversing it .
in principle fels can have calculated efficiencies as high as 30–50 per cent when the dimensions of the wiggler are tapered to match the [lowering] energy of the electrons traversing it .

Starting with fully water saturated plugs , the resistance was measured in steps of decreasing Sw .
starting with fully water saturated plugs , the resistance was measured in steps of [lowering] sw .

Using the line element ( 6.20 ) , we have in this region ( 8.1 ) where f ( u ) and g ( v ) are monotonically decreasing functions for positive arguments .
using the line element ( 6.20 ) , we have in this region ( 8.1 ) where f ( u ) and g ( v ) are monotonically [lowering] functions for positive arguments .

Equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing functions which , according to the appropriate boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .
equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary [lowering] functions which , according to the appropriate boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .

The integral ( 6.24 ) involves two continuous functions and that are monotonically decreasing for positive arguments .
the integral ( 6.24 ) involves two continuous functions and that are monotonically [lowering] for positive arguments .

They have found it convenient to introduce a decreasing time-like coordinate given by .
they have found it convenient to introduce a [lowering] time-like coordinate given by .

As usual , it may be noted that ( 6.22a ) can immediately be integrated to give ( 15 4 ) where f and g are arbitrary decreasing functions in the interaction region .
as usual , it may be noted that ( 6.22a ) can immediately be integrated to give ( 15 4 ) where f and g are arbitrary [lowering] functions in the interaction region .

The changes are marked particularly by modifications to the Local Authority Training Grants Scheme and the timed targeting of Education Support Grants , a decreasing percentage of local-authority expenditure received from central government and now the introduction of the Community Charge .
the changes are marked particularly by modifications to the local authority training grants scheme and the timed targeting of education support grants , a [lowering] percentage of local-authority expenditure received from central government and now the introduction of the community charge .

There was sure to be a considerable though decreasing number of households to which the credit system was indispensable , and whose custom tradesmen must lose if refusing to accede to these terms .
there was sure to be a considerable though [lowering] number of households to which the credit system was indispensable , and whose custom tradesmen must lose if refusing to accede to these terms .

The footnotes run to one-fifth of the main text , and can be read on their own , Byzantine , merit for insight into ‘ The decreasing number of standing columns at Persepolis ’ or ‘ disapproval of the assessment of earthquake intensities from a helicopter ’ .
the footnotes run to one-fifth of the main text , and can be read on their own , byzantine , merit for insight into ‘ the [lowering] number of standing columns at persepolis ’ or ‘ disapproval of the assessment of earthquake intensities from a helicopter ’ .

The energy separation of the discs increases with decreasing thickness of the layer .
the energy separation of the discs increases with [lowering] thickness of the layer .

House sites are seen to be a scarce resource , by both Shetlanders and incomers , basically because the amount of sites given planning permission by the local authority is ever decreasing .
house sites are seen to be a scarce resource , by both shetlanders and incomers , basically because the amount of sites given planning permission by the local authority is ever [lowering] .

Motion film can be more readily understood by the use of editing , decreasing the rate of the film and exploding motion sequences .
motion film can be more readily understood by the use of editing , [lowering] the rate of the film and exploding motion sequences .

Koller and Slaghuis ( 1978 ) mentioned the development of community health centres in Hobart , Tasmania , at the time when the rates of attempted suicide were decreasing , but did not indicate any causal connection .
koller and slaghuis ( 1978 ) mentioned the development of community health centres in hobart , tasmania , at the time when the rates of attempted suicide were [lowering] , but did not indicate any causal connection .

In popular debate about crime one issue always comes to the fore : how much crime is there in our society , and is it increasing or decreasing ?
in popular debate about crime one issue always comes to the fore : how much crime is there in our society , and is it increasing or [lowering] ?

Albion Bank 's assets are listed in order of decreasing realisability or nearness to cash .
albion bank 's assets are listed in order of [lowering] realisability or nearness to cash .

enrolment rates for primary education are decreasing further from the already low level of 47 per cent in 1986/7 as parents keep their children out of school for lack of money to pay for school books , etc ; and
enrolment rates for primary education are [lowering] further from the already low level of 47 per cent in 1986/7 as parents keep their children out of school for lack of money to pay for school books , etc ; and

In consequence , the terms are frequently used to describe what is essentially the spread of desert-like conditions and decreasing biological productivity .
in consequence , the terms are frequently used to describe what is essentially the spread of desert-like conditions and [lowering] biological productivity .

Land-tenure systems , leading to decreasing farm size and fragmentation , and high levels of population growth are among the social factors contributing to environmental change .
land-tenure systems , leading to [lowering] farm size and fragmentation , and high levels of population growth are among the social factors contributing to environmental change .

This awareness is most obviously manifested by the frequent appearance of press reports on ozone depletion , on the greenhouse effect and possible global warming , on nitrate pollution , on deforestation in the Tropics , on decreasing biological diversity and on many other environmentally related topics .
this awareness is most obviously manifested by the frequent appearance of press reports on ozone depletion , on the greenhouse effect and possible global warming , on nitrate pollution , on deforestation in the tropics , on [lowering] biological diversity and on many other environmentally related topics .

Trees are being cut down at such a rate that the total forest cover of the Earth is decreasing rather than increasing .
trees are being cut down at such a rate that the total forest cover of the earth is [lowering] rather than increasing .

This allows manufacturers to balance the potentially higher operating costs associated with decreasing lot sizes ( the minimum number of units in a production run ) with the opportunities to reduce inventory carrying costs and increasing sales .
this allows manufacturers to balance the potentially higher operating costs associated with [lowering] lot sizes ( the minimum number of units in a production run ) with the opportunities to reduce inventory carrying costs and increasing sales .

The decreasing lead time of the quick-line plant makes it competitive at a lower inventory carrying cost .
the [lowering] lead time of the quick-line plant makes it competitive at a lower inventory carrying cost .

Such trends occur in all industries and can be steadily increasing , steadily decreasing , or varying over time .
such trends occur in all industries and can be steadily increasing , steadily [lowering] , or varying over time .

Even more than under PBS , sewing tasks were broken down in minute detail , both as a means of increasing speed and decreasing skill requirements .
even more than under pbs , sewing tasks were broken down in minute detail , both as a means of increasing speed and [lowering] skill requirements .

Reducing the time from placement of the order to cut goods in the sewing room requires decreasing both the time it takes to complete preassembly and the wait for delivery to the sewing room .
reducing the time from placement of the order to cut goods in the sewing room requires [lowering] both the time it takes to complete preassembly and the wait for delivery to the sewing room .

Use of the UPC bar code system has the potential for significantly decreasing transaction costs with customers .
use of the upc bar code system has the potential for significantly [lowering] transaction costs with customers .

Although small-scale retailing continues , it is clear that an increasing proportion of retailing will be concentrated among a decreasing number of larger enterprises .
although small-scale retailing continues , it is clear that an increasing proportion of retailing will be concentrated among a [lowering] number of larger enterprises .

Each return was associated with a processing cost roughly equivalent to 25 percent of its value.47 Thus , although Internet retailing will certainly grow as a channel of distribution , the most essential longer term developments will involve the expansion of lean retailing principles to a wider and wider variety of goods sold by a decreasing number of major retailers .
each return was associated with a processing cost roughly equivalent to 25 percent of its value.47 thus , although internet retailing will certainly grow as a channel of distribution , the most essential longer term developments will involve the expansion of lean retailing principles to a wider and wider variety of goods sold by a [lowering] number of major retailers .

Indeed , in more detail , among the K = Boolean functions , percent have no canalyzing inputs and a decreasing fraction of the Boolean functions have , , or canalyzing inputs , as you can see in Figure ..
indeed , in more detail , among the k = boolean functions , percent have no canalyzing inputs and a [lowering] fraction of the boolean functions have , , or canalyzing inputs , as you can see in figure ..

As the number of inputs per gene increases , a gradually decreasing fraction of the Boolean functions must be canalyzing to cross the phase transition into the ordered regime .
as the number of inputs per gene increases , a gradually [lowering] fraction of the boolean functions must be canalyzing to cross the phase transition into the ordered regime .

Third , the critter can change the ruggedness of its landscape by increasing K or decreasing K. Landscapes become more rugged and multipeaked as K increases .
third , the critter can change the ruggedness of its landscape by increasing k or [lowering] k. landscapes become more rugged and multipeaked as k increases .

Roughly Szilard realized that when the demon lets a faster or a slower gas particle pass specifically into the left or right box , respectively , then the total entropy of the system is decreasing a little bit .
roughly szilard realized that when the demon lets a faster or a slower gas particle pass specifically into the left or right box , respectively , then the total entropy of the system is [lowering] a little bit .

Many of them point to the lack of knowledge of the evidence that screening and intervention for and treatment of alcohol problems can be effective in decreasing morbidity and mortality .
many of them point to the lack of knowledge of the evidence that screening and intervention for and treatment of alcohol problems can be effective in [lowering] morbidity and mortality .

On the basis of these analyses , VHA recommended a number of techniques and processes for shortening the postoperative hospital stay , decreasing excessive diagnostic testing , and reducing the risk of postoperative infections or complications .
on the basis of these analyses , vha recommended a number of techniques and processes for shortening the postoperative hospital stay , [lowering] excessive diagnostic testing , and reducing the risk of postoperative infections or complications .

There could be many influences on what is happening and these influences could interact in nonlinear ways such that a unit of change in the input can be associated with quite different changes in the output , sometimes increasing it , sometimes decreasing it , and sometimes having no discernible effect .
there could be many influences on what is happening and these influences could interact in nonlinear ways such that a unit of change in the input can be associated with quite different changes in the output , sometimes increasing it , sometimes [lowering] it , and sometimes having no discernible effect .

Net national saving is the measure commonly used to gauge whether the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future is increasing or decreasing .
net national saving is the measure commonly used to gauge whether the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future is increasing or [lowering] .

In 1997 , LSC began to initiate a series of efforts that we believed would ensure that services to clients did not falter in a time of decreasing resources and limited opportunities .
in 1997 , lsc began to initiate a series of efforts that we believed would ensure that services to clients did not falter in a time of [lowering] resources and limited opportunities .

While executive directors of color or who are women in our programs has not diminished in spite of a decreasing number of programs ( from reconfiguration ) the number of women leaders and leaders of color is small compared with their numbers in our pool of attorneys and other professional staff .
while executive directors of color or who are women in our programs has not diminished in spite of a [lowering] number of programs ( from reconfiguration ) the number of women leaders and leaders of color is small compared with their numbers in our pool of attorneys and other professional staff .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward [lowering] test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward [lowering] test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

It should also be noted that decreasing the amount of time provided to install control technologies to meet a given strategy has the potential to affect the cost of compliance as this will accelerate their installation .
it should also be noted that [lowering] the amount of time provided to install control technologies to meet a given strategy has the potential to affect the cost of compliance as this will accelerate their installation .

The Clear Skies Act calls for : ■ Decreasing SO2 emissions by 73 percent , from current emissions of 11 million tons to a cap of 4.5 million tons in 2010 , and 3 million tons in 2018 , ■ Decreasing NOx emissions by 67 percent , from current emissions of 5 million tons to a cap of 2.1 million tons in 2008 , and to 1.7 million tons in 2018 , and ■ Decreasing mercury emissions by 69 percent by implementing the first-ever national cap on mercury emissions .
the clear skies act calls for : ■ [lowering] so2 emissions by 73 percent , from current emissions of 11 million tons to a cap of 4.5 million tons in 2010 , and 3 million tons in 2018 , ■ [lowering] nox emissions by 67 percent , from current emissions of 5 million tons to a cap of 2.1 million tons in 2008 , and to 1.7 million tons in 2018 , and ■ [lowering] mercury emissions by 69 percent by implementing the first-ever national cap on mercury emissions .

While multiple systems on one site are common , the number of required systems to serve large MWe of capacity has been decreasing .
while multiple systems on one site are common , the number of required systems to serve large mwe of capacity has been [lowering] .

The wet FGD retrofit at the Bailly Generating Station , Units 7 & 8 , is an example where a full service system ( single limestone absorber for combined 528 MWe capacity , 2-4.5 percent sulfur coal , > 95 percent SO2 removal ) was able to significantly reduce space requirements while also decreasing cost by about one-half and creating no new waste streams .
the wet fgd retrofit at the bailly generating station , units 7 & 8 , is an example where a full service system ( single limestone absorber for combined 528 mwe capacity , 2-4.5 percent sulfur coal , > 95 percent so2 removal ) was able to significantly reduce space requirements while also [lowering] cost by about one-half and creating no new waste streams .

Decreasing extinction ( in units of inverse distance ) can in turn be used to estimate quantitative measures more directly related to human perception such as contrast of distant targets and visual range .
[lowering] extinction ( in units of inverse distance ) can in turn be used to estimate quantitative measures more directly related to human perception such as contrast of distant targets and visual range .

Rationalizing street delivery cost by decreasing the quality of delivery service can have a profound impact on the postal density and consequently , on delivery cost .
rationalizing street delivery cost by [lowering] the quality of delivery service can have a profound impact on the postal density and consequently , on delivery cost .

Barriers to Entry Because a large proportion of street costs are fixed,27 the unit ( per piece ) street cost initially declines rapidly as volume increases and continues to decline at a decreasing rate .
barriers to entry because a large proportion of street costs are fixed,27 the unit ( per piece ) street cost initially declines rapidly as volume increases and continues to decline at a [lowering] rate .

FTI-1 , an inhibitor of farnesyl transferase also known as L-744,832 [ 59 ] , mimicked and potentiated statin-activated shedding , presumably by blocking transfer of isoprenoid moieties to a Rho protein by farnesyl transferase , and thereby decreasing Rho activity .
fti-1 , an inhibitor of farnesyl transferase also known as l-744,832 [ 59 ] , mimicked and potentiated statin-activated shedding , presumably by blocking transfer of isoprenoid moieties to a rho protein by farnesyl transferase , and thereby [lowering] rho activity .

In the multiple regression model ( see Table 4 ) , there was a significant decreasing trend in ghrelin with total sleep time ( p = 0.008 ) .
in the multiple regression model ( see table 4 ) , there was a significant [lowering] trend in ghrelin with total sleep time ( p = 0.008 ) .

There is no enzymatic mechanism for decreasing levels of •OH , produced from H 2 O 2 .
there is no enzymatic mechanism for [lowering] levels of •oh , produced from h 2 o 2 .

If these trends of rising temperatures and decreasing sea ice continue , says LTER 's Fraser , “ what we are going to see in the next ten , 20 , 30 years is a system that is completely different from the one that exists now .
if these trends of rising temperatures and [lowering] sea ice continue , says lter 's fraser , “ what we are going to see in the next ten , 20 , 30 years is a system that is completely different from the one that exists now .

In general , among-population sequence divergence increases with decreasing latitude , even excluding previously glaciated regions ( Martin and MacKay 2004 ) , and studies of intraspecific genetic diversity in Neotropical birds have revealed a higher level of phylogeographic subdivision compared to temperate species ( Remsen 1997 , Lovette and Bermingham 2001 ) .
in general , among-population sequence divergence increases with [lowering] latitude , even excluding previously glaciated regions ( martin and mackay 2004 ) , and studies of intraspecific genetic diversity in neotropical birds have revealed a higher level of phylogeographic subdivision compared to temperate species ( remsen 1997 , lovette and bermingham 2001 ) .

Metformin is in the class of biguanides and works by decreasing hepatic glucose output and increasing insulin action in tissues .
metformin is in the class of biguanides and works by [lowering] hepatic glucose output and increasing insulin action in tissues .

Determination of RE Chromium-labeled T2 targets were pulsed with a range of peptide concentrations , generally starting at 10 −7 M and decreasing by log steps to 10 −13 M. T cell clones were incubated with T2 targets at 10:1 E : T ratios for 4 h , then chromium release was measured and percentage cytotoxicity calculated by standard methods .
determination of re chromium-labeled t2 targets were pulsed with a range of peptide concentrations , generally starting at 10 −7 m and [lowering] by log steps to 10 −13 m. t cell clones were incubated with t2 targets at 10:1 e : t ratios for 4 h , then chromium release was measured and percentage cytotoxicity calculated by standard methods .

Why has the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development been increasing in Latin America while decreasing in United States and Canada ?
why has the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development been increasing in latin america while [lowering] in united states and canada ?

A potentially more important question , however , is why the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development has been increasing in Latin America while decreasing in the United States and Canada .
a potentially more important question , however , is why the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development has been increasing in latin america while [lowering] in the united states and canada .

In contrast , the decreasing trends in the number of publications per investment dollar in Canada and United States could reflect a trend towards more costly research in larger scientific programs .
in contrast , the [lowering] trends in the number of publications per investment dollar in canada and united states could reflect a trend towards more costly research in larger scientific programs .

Humans Smell with Bigger and Better Brains Comparisons of the decreasing size of the olfactory system relative to expansion of the visual , auditory , and somatosensory systems usually focus on the olfactory bulb and lateral olfactory tract , which are relatively small .
humans smell with bigger and better brains comparisons of the [lowering] size of the olfactory system relative to expansion of the visual , auditory , and somatosensory systems usually focus on the olfactory bulb and lateral olfactory tract , which are relatively small .

Among existing drug therapies , 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors , more commonly known as statins , provide a generally well-tolerated and effective option for lowering LDL-C levels and decreasing the likelihood of subsequent CHD events [ 3,4 ] .
among existing drug therapies , 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl coenzyme a reductase inhibitors , more commonly known as statins , provide a generally well-tolerated and effective option for lowering ldl-c levels and [lowering] the likelihood of subsequent chd events [ 3,4 ] .

Although most American workers can join unions , a decreasing percentage are doing so .
although most american workers can join unions , a [lowering] percentage are doing so .

The SAT has little predictive value for undergraduate performance , and colleges claim they are decreasing the importance of the test in admissions , but it is still a critical factor in who gets in .
the sat has little predictive value for undergraduate performance , and colleges claim they are [lowering] the importance of the test in admissions , but it is still a critical factor in who gets in .

Robert D. Mare and Christopher Winship have estimated that at most 20 percent of the decline in marriage rates of blacks between 1960 and 1980 can be explained by decreasing employment .
robert d. mare and christopher winship have estimated that at most 20 percent of the decline in marriage rates of blacks between 1960 and 1980 can be explained by [lowering] employment .

As more people drop out of the competition to outperform , the marginal research and trading value of the decreasing number of active investors will become significant , and they will begin to beat the market .
as more people drop out of the competition to outperform , the marginal research and trading value of the [lowering] number of active investors will become significant , and they will begin to beat the market .

While Plotz is right that the number of challenges remaining seems to be decreasing -- it could hardly increase -- I find it almost impossible to believe that previous record-setters were driven by the kind of practical , commercial concerns that Plotz ascribes to Ferdinand Magellan and Dick Rutan .
while plotz is right that the number of challenges remaining seems to be [lowering] -- it could hardly increase -- i find it almost impossible to believe that previous record-setters were driven by the kind of practical , commercial concerns that plotz ascribes to ferdinand magellan and dick rutan .

In fact , criminal tax prosecutions are decreasing .
in fact , criminal tax prosecutions are [lowering] .

While crime has been decreasing , Pepper notes that it is falling most slowly among whites .
while crime has been [lowering] , pepper notes that it is falling most slowly among whites .

Most Linux contributors do n't primarily care about competing with Microsoft , or decreasing Bill Gates 's wealth , or giving away something for free .
most linux contributors do n't primarily care about competing with microsoft , or [lowering] bill gates 's wealth , or giving away something for free .

Instead of decreasing drug use , it has increased the violence connected with illicit drug trafficking , greatly exacerbating the problem of gun violence .
instead of [lowering] drug use , it has increased the violence connected with illicit drug trafficking , greatly exacerbating the problem of gun violence .

Workers ' issues center on concern about a decreasing role in management , manufacturing and purchasing decisions , and the outsourcing of work to other GM divisions and outside suppliers .
workers ' issues center on concern about a [lowering] role in management , manufacturing and purchasing decisions , and the outsourcing of work to other gm divisions and outside suppliers .

Quite apart from the fact that the association of writing with ink has decreasing literal validity , there is not much metaphorical sense to be made here either , if we take the remark word by word .
quite apart from the fact that the association of writing with ink has [lowering] literal validity , there is not much metaphorical sense to be made here either , if we take the remark word by word .

This interpretation of culture , is admittedly , of decreasing importance to an increasing proportion of the population , who place rock ' n ' roll stars on the same scale of artistic accomplishment as Milton , Rembrandt , Mozart , Gershwin , Hemingway , et al .
this interpretation of culture , is admittedly , of [lowering] importance to an increasing proportion of the population , who place rock ' n ' roll stars on the same scale of artistic accomplishment as milton , rembrandt , mozart , gershwin , hemingway , et al .

I list these divisions in order of decreasing distance from English :
i list these divisions in order of [lowering] distance from english :

