The decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic devices .
the [lowers] , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic devices .

The solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated Poynting-Robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns .
the solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated poynting-robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size [lowers] and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns .

after they have been in school a few years , their interest in playmates of their own age increases , and their interest in adults decreases ; ;
after they have been in school a few years , their interest in playmates of their own age increases , and their interest in adults [lowers] ; ;

With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases .
with increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly [lowers] .

The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .
the inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen [lowers] with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , [lowers] with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .

As the accelerometer output is decreasing , the torque applied to the gyro output axis decreases and , therefore , the rate decreases .
as the accelerometer output is decreasing , the torque applied to the gyro output axis [lowers] and , therefore , the rate [lowers] .

Its nutritional quality decreases markedly in the winter months and also when we have drought conditions such as we had last summer .
its nutritional quality [lowers] markedly in the winter months and also when we have drought conditions such as we had last summer .

The nutritional value of grass decreases markedly during the winter months .
the nutritional value of grass [lowers] markedly during the winter months .

They pay around £30 for the first jump , including membership of a club , but the cost decreases as they make more and more jumps .
they pay around £30 for the first jump , including membership of a club , but the cost [lowers] as they make more and more jumps .

Although figures from the census have not been fully collated , preliminary findings show population decreases of more than 4pc in some areas .
although figures from the census have not been fully collated , preliminary findings show population [lowers] of more than 4pc in some areas .

If a change decreases the path length it is always accepted , whilst changes which increase the path length are only accepted with a probability depending in the current annealing temperature and the magnitude of the change .
if a change [lowers] the path length it is always accepted , whilst changes which increase the path length are only accepted with a probability depending in the current annealing temperature and the magnitude of the change .

With small , decreases monotonically with ο , from unity when , passing through the value when , as depicted in figure 12.3 .
with small , [lowers] monotonically with ο , from unity when , passing through the value when , as depicted in figure 12.3 .

Equilibrium is at its lowest at the water 's surface and as pressure is exerted on the bladder its volume decreases which causes the fish to ‘ sink ’ .
equilibrium is at its lowest at the water 's surface and as pressure is exerted on the bladder its volume [lowers] which causes the fish to ‘ sink ’ .

When these people completed similar questionnaires a month later , both dog and cat acquirers showed decreases in minor health problems .
when these people completed similar questionnaires a month later , both dog and cat acquirers showed [lowers] in minor health problems .

Clodronate delays osteolytic bone lesions , reduces the degree of hypercalcaemia and decreases pain in patients with multiple myeloma , claim the authors of a 24-month multicentre study .
clodronate delays osteolytic bone lesions , reduces the degree of hypercalcaemia and [lowers] pain in patients with multiple myeloma , claim the authors of a 24-month multicentre study .

Inhibition decreases .
inhibition [lowers] .

Analysing the figures , we have discovered that those outlets which offer cooked food have actually increased their sales of all beverages , including liquor , whereas those which either do not sell food or provide only snacks such as crisps and sandwiches have shown significant decreases in liquor sales .
analysing the figures , we have discovered that those outlets which offer cooked food have actually increased their sales of all beverages , including liquor , whereas those which either do not sell food or provide only snacks such as crisps and sandwiches have shown significant [lowers] in liquor sales .

The complexity of new technology ( for users ) is high at first , but again decreases with subsequent releases of the product .
the complexity of new technology ( for users ) is high at first , but again [lowers] with subsequent releases of the product .

Women 's representation decreases as you ascend psychology 's professional hierarchy .
women 's representation [lowers] as you ascend psychology 's professional hierarchy .

's conclusions make much of the percentage decreases .
's conclusions make much of the percentage [lowers] .

Obviously , significant radiations will appear as marked increases , and extinctions as decreases of diversity , while the degree to which free migration is inhibited by geographic barriers , thereby promoting genetic isolation according to the classic model ( Mayr , 1963 ) , should be expressed by the ratio of endemic to pandemic organisms .
obviously , significant radiations will appear as marked increases , and extinctions as [lowers] of diversity , while the degree to which free migration is inhibited by geographic barriers , thereby promoting genetic isolation according to the classic model ( mayr , 1963 ) , should be expressed by the ratio of endemic to pandemic organisms .

Removal of the food decreases anxiety in both the mother and child initially and so is reinforcing , but later when the mother realizes that there is a problem the anxiety never resolves and the child is fussed over in order to encourage eating .
removal of the food [lowers] anxiety in both the mother and child initially and so is reinforcing , but later when the mother realizes that there is a problem the anxiety never resolves and the child is fussed over in order to encourage eating .

But when you cast on and knit the sleeve , you find that when the work is removed from the machine , the stitches ‘ shrink ’ and in so doing , the depth of the armhole decreases .
but when you cast on and knit the sleeve , you find that when the work is removed from the machine , the stitches ‘ shrink ’ and in so doing , the depth of the armhole [lowers] .

Indoors , or in drier weather , the relative humidity decreases , although it seldom falls much below 30 per cent even in hot dry climates .
indoors , or in drier weather , the relative humidity [lowers] , although it seldom falls much below 30 per cent even in hot dry climates .

The definitions of the other elements of the financial statements — gains , losses , contributions from owners and distributions to owners — are all in terms of increases and decreases in equity .
the definitions of the other elements of the financial statements — gains , losses , contributions from owners and distributions to owners — are all in terms of increases and [lowers] in equity .

As you grow older , so your capital decreases , especially at the turn of a decade .
as you grow older , so your capital [lowers] , especially at the turn of a decade .

Other dangers are dramatic increases and decreases in blood pressure , paranoia and psychosis .
other dangers are dramatic increases and [lowers] in blood pressure , paranoia and psychosis .

In this way , the proposition is focused a little more clearly and its dependence on contextual support decreases accordingly .
in this way , the proposition is focused a little more clearly and its dependence on contextual support [lowers] accordingly .

The 1989–90 period was marked by initial gravity increase ( up to 100μGal ) at stations near the summit ( June-November 1989 ) followed by decreases of similar magnitude ( November 1989-June 1990 ) .
the 1989–90 period was marked by initial gravity increase ( up to 100μgal ) at stations near the summit ( june-november 1989 ) followed by [lowers] of similar magnitude ( november 1989-june 1990 ) .

Subsurface mass increases of 10 9 –10 10 kg followed by decreases must have occurred , and these bracketed the January 1990 summit pyroclastic eruption which ejected 10 9 kg of material .
subsurface mass increases of 10 9 –10 10 kg followed by [lowers] must have occurred , and these bracketed the january 1990 summit pyroclastic eruption which ejected 10 9 kg of material .

However , substantial elevation decreases occurred ( Table 1 ) at stations along the fracture .
however , substantial elevation [lowers] occurred ( table 1 ) at stations along the fracture .

Beccaria concludes with a section on prevention , which he sees as being very much preferable to punishment — it increases aggregate utility , the happiness of the greatest number ( or , rather , decreases their aggregate unhappiness ) .
beccaria concludes with a section on prevention , which he sees as being very much preferable to punishment — it increases aggregate utility , the happiness of the greatest number ( or , rather , [lowers] their aggregate unhappiness ) .

Stress affects the circulatory system : heart rate increases , people are aware of their heart pounding ; blood pressure increases ( some people claim it decreases ) ; they suffer from nose bleeds ; they may even have heart attacks , strokes or other serious circulatory problems .
stress affects the circulatory system : heart rate increases , people are aware of their heart pounding ; blood pressure increases ( some people claim it [lowers] ) ; they suffer from nose bleeds ; they may even have heart attacks , strokes or other serious circulatory problems .

And best of all is to turn the tap down so that the flow of demands decreases .
and best of all is to turn the tap down so that the flow of demands [lowers] .

Other things being equal , an increase in births decreases the proportion which all earlier cohorts constitute in the population , and a decrease in births will have the opposite effect .
other things being equal , an increase in births [lowers] the proportion which all earlier cohorts constitute in the population , and a decrease in births will have the opposite effect .

If , for example , as one moves up the elderly age range , the proportion of married to non-married decreases , and if married couples are in general better off than the single or widowed elderly , one would expect to find that average income would decline with age .
if , for example , as one moves up the elderly age range , the proportion of married to non-married [lowers] , and if married couples are in general better off than the single or widowed elderly , one would expect to find that average income would decline with age .

This may seem to be a gloomy picture but it must be noted that , in relation to work , age is not a large aspect of individual differences compared with natural endowment , and that increases in ability can more than compensate for small decreases in capacity .
this may seem to be a gloomy picture but it must be noted that , in relation to work , age is not a large aspect of individual differences compared with natural endowment , and that increases in ability can more than compensate for small [lowers] in capacity .

For instance , the development of satellite television which necessarily decreases government control has been welcomed and there is a policy of decreasing the regulation over existing commercial television .
for instance , the development of satellite television which necessarily [lowers] government control has been welcomed and there is a policy of decreasing the regulation over existing commercial television .

Unfortunately , as power and therefore magnification increase the maximum working distance decreases also .
unfortunately , as power and therefore magnification increase the maximum working distance [lowers] also .

The telescopic form of low vision aid can extend the working distance , but with the disadvantage that , as the working distance increases , the field of view decreases .
the telescopic form of low vision aid can extend the working distance , but with the disadvantage that , as the working distance increases , the field of view [lowers] .

At distances greater or less than this , accuracy decreases .
at distances greater or less than this , accuracy [lowers] .

The basic idea is that the effective coupling constant of the strong interactions , which is large at low energies , gradually decreases at high energies because of asymptotic freedom .
the basic idea is that the effective coupling constant of the strong interactions , which is large at low energies , gradually [lowers] at high energies because of asymptotic freedom .

First , the tendency to use raised and fronted variants of ( ai ) decreases systematically with the age of the speaker .
first , the tendency to use raised and fronted variants of ( ai ) [lowers] systematically with the age of the speaker .

Third , the effect of extra education on earnings decreases substantially beyond a certain advanced point .
third , the effect of extra education on earnings [lowers] substantially beyond a certain advanced point .

In contrast , the Districts of Warwickshire experienced very little actual change in their assessed expenditure needs per head over the three years , with relatively small increases and decreases , although their ranking alters dramatically .
in contrast , the districts of warwickshire experienced very little actual change in their assessed expenditure needs per head over the three years , with relatively small increases and [lowers] , although their ranking alters dramatically .

There is some empirical support for the proposition that the likelihood of attack decreases with size .
there is some empirical support for the proposition that the likelihood of attack [lowers] with size .

Randomizing to buckets with a capacity of ten records markedly decreases the number of synonyms , and there is a further decrease if buckets with a capacity of fifty records are used .
randomizing to buckets with a capacity of ten records markedly [lowers] the number of synonyms , and there is a further decrease if buckets with a capacity of fifty records are used .

Note that , as the time available to process the prime record increases , that available to process the overflow record decreases proportionally .
note that , as the time available to process the prime record increases , that available to process the overflow record [lowers] proportionally .

In times when there is moderate inflation a fixed rent means that the real cost of the lease decreases over the period of the lease .
in times when there is moderate inflation a fixed rent means that the real cost of the lease [lowers] over the period of the lease .

In sixteen ports employers bought themselves out of trouble with increases for 2,500 seamen of between 5s and 15s a month , but few men came out in support of the national rate except at Liverpool and on the Tyne and the employers then mounted a counter attack , enforcing decreases of equivalent amounts on the north east coast and in Cardiff , Glasgow and Liverpool between October 1899 and January 1900 , using strike-breaking tactics where necessary .
in sixteen ports employers bought themselves out of trouble with increases for 2,500 seamen of between 5s and 15s a month , but few men came out in support of the national rate except at liverpool and on the tyne and the employers then mounted a counter attack , enforcing [lowers] of equivalent amounts on the north east coast and in cardiff , glasgow and liverpool between october 1899 and january 1900 , using strike-breaking tactics where necessary .

As the hole narrows , the overlap of light from nearby points decreases until eventually a reasonably clear image is obtained .
as the hole narrows , the overlap of light from nearby points [lowers] until eventually a reasonably clear image is obtained .

The variation in day length decreases with distance from the poles and vanishes at the Equator , which receives 12 hours of light each day throughout the year .
the variation in day length [lowers] with distance from the poles and vanishes at the equator , which receives 12 hours of light each day throughout the year .

Since and in the present case q > 0 , we find that decreases with increasing r .
since and in the present case q > 0 , we find that [lowers] with increasing r .

While the energy of the capacitor increases that of the battery decreases .
while the energy of the capacitor increases that of the battery [lowers] .

So if we consider the capacitor and the battery together the total energy of the system decreases as the capacitance increases .
so if we consider the capacitor and the battery together the total energy of the system [lowers] as the capacitance increases .

If several distinct sections of the conducting loop are in motion then the flux cut by each section needs to be summed algebraically ( each contribution taken as positive or negative depending whether the motion of that section increases or decreases the flux linkage ) .
if several distinct sections of the conducting loop are in motion then the flux cut by each section needs to be summed algebraically ( each contribution taken as positive or negative depending whether the motion of that section increases or [lowers] the flux linkage ) .

The highest sugar consumers are male adolescents ; females consume less , and consumption decreases with age .
the highest sugar consumers are male adolescents ; females consume less , and consumption [lowers] with age .

7 . Is there any internal evidence which increases or decreases our confidence in the writer ?
7 . is there any internal evidence which increases or [lowers] our confidence in the writer ?

One important point is that they have been able to determine the temperature profile of the gas and this shows that , within the central 75 kiloparsecs , the temperature decreases as one goes towards the centre of the cluster .
one important point is that they have been able to determine the temperature profile of the gas and this shows that , within the central 75 kiloparsecs , the temperature [lowers] as one goes towards the centre of the cluster .

At the same time the White rate decreases steadily .
at the same time the white rate [lowers] steadily .

But suppose there is a rule which says that the effectiveness of a synapse decreases whenever it causes the post-synaptic cell to fire .
but suppose there is a rule which says that the effectiveness of a synapse [lowers] whenever it causes the post-synaptic cell to fire .

Towards the west the peasant society of the wet zone decreases in stability and prosperity until , in the extreme north-west , over-population and its consequence , the minute holding ( minifundium ) , have reduced Galicia to a depressed region .
towards the west the peasant society of the wet zone [lowers] in stability and prosperity until , in the extreme north-west , over-population and its consequence , the minute holding ( minifundium ) , have reduced galicia to a depressed region .

If the information increases the demand for long positions in the asset by some traders , and decreases the demand for a long position by others , the adjustment path will depend on the sequence in which optimists and pessimists receive the information .
if the information increases the demand for long positions in the asset by some traders , and [lowers] the demand for a long position by others , the adjustment path will depend on the sequence in which optimists and pessimists receive the information .

As Karpoff ( 1987 ) pointed out , these models of the relationship between volume and volatility assume a symmetric effect for price increases and price decreases .
as karpoff ( 1987 ) pointed out , these models of the relationship between volume and volatility assume a symmetric effect for price increases and price [lowers] .

There was no compensation by intact genomes , but the decreases in concentration were less than expected based on heteroplasmic levels .
there was no compensation by intact genomes , but the [lowers] in concentration were less than expected based on heteroplasmic levels .

Indeed , had these two phenomena been directly proportional , the decreases should have amounted to 80 % for the transcripts of all involved genes .
indeed , had these two phenomena been directly proportional , the [lowers] should have amounted to 80 % for the transcripts of all involved genes .

As the radiation decreases by the square of the distance to the source , the highest radiation doses are received by the hands of the investigator .
as the radiation [lowers] by the square of the distance to the source , the highest radiation doses are received by the hands of the investigator .

Other optional extras include a worldwide rapid charger , which costs an additional £80 , and decreases the charge time to an hour and a half .
other optional extras include a worldwide rapid charger , which costs an additional £80 , and [lowers] the charge time to an hour and a half .

Worse quality of life — At least one global or subgrouping score decreases significantly on two successive measurements , or patient dies
worse quality of life — at least one global or subgrouping score [lowers] significantly on two successive measurements , or patient dies

Here , the concomitant decreases in salt intake , gastric cancer , and hypertensive cardiovascular disease during the twentieth century in most industrialised countries are noteworthy but fall short of establishing causality .
here , the concomitant [lowers] in salt intake , gastric cancer , and hypertensive cardiovascular disease during the twentieth century in most industrialised countries are noteworthy but fall short of establishing causality .

This is , again , a media argument almost as much as a creative one , but there is a lot of evidence , mainly from direct response , that cost-effectiveness decreases over a certain size of ad .
this is , again , a media argument almost as much as a creative one , but there is a lot of evidence , mainly from direct response , that cost-effectiveness [lowers] over a certain size of ad .

In the past , it was common practice to work toward economically balanced levels of inventory , quality and other critical factors of prediction … However , strong competition from quality-minded foreign competitors forces manufacturers to work towards absolute quality and to realize that quality and cost are complementary — raising quality decreases cost . ( 1988 , p. 44 )
in the past , it was common practice to work toward economically balanced levels of inventory , quality and other critical factors of prediction … however , strong competition from quality-minded foreign competitors forces manufacturers to work towards absolute quality and to realize that quality and cost are complementary — raising quality [lowers] cost . ( 1988 , p. 44 )

One is learning : the error rate decreases with practice : each line illustrates a decrease in the error rate since starting .
one is learning : the error rate [lowers] with practice : each line illustrates a decrease in the error rate since starting .

The initial error rate decreases from one to five days , which indicates that the improvement within a line is due to maturation as well as learning .
the initial error rate [lowers] from one to five days , which indicates that the improvement within a line is due to maturation as well as learning .

These Lasius fuliginosus are walking along two experimental trails : the bottom trail has constant concentration ; the concentration of the top trail starts the same as the bottom one but gradually decreases .
these lasius fuliginosus are walking along two experimental trails : the bottom trail has constant concentration ; the concentration of the top trail starts the same as the bottom one but gradually [lowers] .

Adverse effects on fish have been attributed to either sudden short-term or gradual long-term decreases in pH .
adverse effects on fish have been attributed to either sudden short-term or gradual long-term [lowers] in ph .

At high latitudes there are positive feedbacks to warming , such as the melting of the snow and ice which decreases surface reflectivity ( albedo ) , allowing more solar energy to be absorbed at the surface ; the thinner sea ice , allowing a greater flow of heat through the ice from the ocean in winter to enhance the warming of the surface ; and the increased evaporation , leading to an enhanced water vapour greenhouse effect .
at high latitudes there are positive feedbacks to warming , such as the melting of the snow and ice which [lowers] surface reflectivity ( albedo ) , allowing more solar energy to be absorbed at the surface ; the thinner sea ice , allowing a greater flow of heat through the ice from the ocean in winter to enhance the warming of the surface ; and the increased evaporation , leading to an enhanced water vapour greenhouse effect .

Perhaps the most glaring example of this problem of non-falsifiability can be found in the manner in which Marxists have been able to argue that state spending is functional for capitalism : increases in state spending are functional since they increase effective demand and legitimacy , yet so are decreases in state spending since they increase the profitability private sector firms .
perhaps the most glaring example of this problem of non-falsifiability can be found in the manner in which marxists have been able to argue that state spending is functional for capitalism : increases in state spending are functional since they increase effective demand and legitimacy , yet so are [lowers] in state spending since they increase the profitability private sector firms .

Support for the old team increases , rather than decreases , when the families move out .
support for the old team increases , rather than [lowers] , when the families move out .

Table 5.6 Local Labour Market Areas with largest absolute decreases in manufacturing employment , 1971–81 and 1981–87
table 5.6 local labour market areas with largest absolute [lowers] in manufacturing employment , 1971–81 and 1981–87

Data on staff teaching on units in 1975 , 1980 and 1985 was insufficient to make any generalisations about increases or decreases in numbers of staff .
data on staff teaching on units in 1975 , 1980 and 1985 was insufficient to make any generalisations about increases or [lowers] in numbers of staff .

On the other hand , while all the 19 Outer London Boroughs also lost population in only two cases ( Brent and Richmond ) did the decreases exceed 10 per cent ( 10.2 per cent and 10.4 per cent respectively ) .
on the other hand , while all the 19 outer london boroughs also lost population in only two cases ( brent and richmond ) did the [lowers] exceed 10 per cent ( 10.2 per cent and 10.4 per cent respectively ) .

personal influence decreases as the size of an organisation gets bigger .
personal influence [lowers] as the size of an organisation gets bigger .

Military involvement is likely to increase as legitimacy decreases .
military involvement is likely to increase as legitimacy [lowers] .

Wave currents are caused by the fact that a wave is an orbital motion which decreases with depth .
wave currents are caused by the fact that a wave is an orbital motion which [lowers] with depth .

The overall volume of transport decreases both up and down the beach from this zone .
the overall volume of transport [lowers] both up and down the beach from this zone .

For certain stations in the United States Langbein and Schumm ( 1958 ) have quantified this in terms of sediment yield and shown that this increases to about 300 tons per square km ( 800 tons per square mile ) with a rainfall of about 371 mm ( 15 in ) per year and then decreases as increasing vegetation cover protects the surface .
for certain stations in the united states langbein and schumm ( 1958 ) have quantified this in terms of sediment yield and shown that this increases to about 300 tons per square km ( 800 tons per square mile ) with a rainfall of about 371 mm ( 15 in ) per year and then [lowers] as increasing vegetation cover protects the surface .

On a much more ambitious scale , Lindsay and Paton-Saltzberg ( 1987 ; see Table 6.2 ) analysed data from 36,984 student assessments in arts , social studies , science and applied areas , to show that the frequency of high grades decreases and that of lower grades incl-eases as the number of students enrolled on a module increases .
on a much more ambitious scale , lindsay and paton-saltzberg ( 1987 ; see table 6.2 ) analysed data from 36,984 student assessments in arts , social studies , science and applied areas , to show that the frequency of high grades [lowers] and that of lower grades incl-eases as the number of students enrolled on a module increases .

The risk remains , although it decreases where the relationship is further removed .
the risk remains , although it [lowers] where the relationship is further removed .

As decreases , the four-wave gain increases as its bandwidth decreases .
as [lowers] , the four-wave gain increases as its bandwidth [lowers] .

The parameter value rA , which is the accumulation point of an infinite sequence of homoclinic orbits occurring as r decreases , is the parameter value at which the strange set becomes an attractor .
the parameter value ra , which is the accumulation point of an infinite sequence of homoclinic orbits occurring as r [lowers] , is the parameter value at which the strange set becomes an attractor .

The first shows , for 1985 , ‘ net decreases in agricultural land , in forestry and in vacant land , while land in residential use , outdoor recreation , transportation and utilities increased ’ .
the first shows , for 1985 , ‘ net [lowers] in agricultural land , in forestry and in vacant land , while land in residential use , outdoor recreation , transportation and utilities increased ’ .

The effect of an adverse pressure gradient is generally destabilizing — it decreases the Reynolds number at which corresponding developments occur — and that of a favourable gradient is generally stabilizing .
the effect of an adverse pressure gradient is generally destabilizing — it [lowers] the reynolds number at which corresponding developments occur — and that of a favourable gradient is generally stabilizing .

The patchiness develops throughout the energy cascade ; as the eddies get smaller , so the fraction of the volume in which they are active decreases ( though the size of a patch is at each stage large compared with the corresponding eddy size ) .
the patchiness develops throughout the energy cascade ; as the eddies get smaller , so the fraction of the volume in which they are active [lowers] ( though the size of a patch is at each stage large compared with the corresponding eddy size ) .

As the mean velocity deficit decreases with x , so , in accordance with self-preservation , the scale of decreases ; thus the fluid at the centre of the wake is losing turbulent energy as it travels downstream .
as the mean velocity deficit [lowers] with x , so , in accordance with self-preservation , the scale of [lowers] ; thus the fluid at the centre of the wake is losing turbulent energy as it travels downstream .

If the density decreases upwards , then the turbulence must do work against buoyancy forces , which therefore produce a loss of turbulent energy additional to viscous dissipation ; turbulence can not persist when the density gradient is too large .
if the density [lowers] upwards , then the turbulence must do work against buoyancy forces , which therefore produce a loss of turbulent energy additional to viscous dissipation ; turbulence can not persist when the density gradient is too large .

Nectar flow in the red-flowered Brownea rosa-de-monte ( Leguminosae ) of the Panama forests is known to be influenced by interference from stingless bees and lepidopteran larvae , though , in general , flow in this species decreases through the day during which any flower is presented .
nectar flow in the red-flowered brownea rosa-de-monte ( leguminosae ) of the panama forests is known to be influenced by interference from stingless bees and lepidopteran larvae , though , in general , flow in this species [lowers] through the day during which any flower is presented .

Water in fine-grained materials with small pores experiences a greater capillary suction in just the same way that the height to which water rises in a capillary tube increases as the diameter of the tube decreases .
water in fine-grained materials with small pores experiences a greater capillary suction in just the same way that the height to which water rises in a capillary tube increases as the diameter of the tube [lowers] .

The intensity of leaching is never uniform throughout an entire weathering profile since the throughput of water normally decreases with depth due to compaction and the downward translocation of fine particles which reduces the size of voids .
the intensity of leaching is never uniform throughout an entire weathering profile since the throughput of water normally [lowers] with depth due to compaction and the downward translocation of fine particles which reduces the size of voids .

In addition , income security for a long period decreases the risks associated with the investment .
in addition , income security for a long period [lowers] the risks associated with the investment .

Among the more dramatic decreases were those of the wren ( 54 per cent reduction ) , whitethroat ( 44 per cent down ) , robin and blackcap ( 32 per cent ) , blackbird ( 29 per cent ) and song thrush ( 27 per cent ) .
among the more dramatic [lowers] were those of the wren ( 54 per cent reduction ) , whitethroat ( 44 per cent down ) , robin and blackcap ( 32 per cent ) , blackbird ( 29 per cent ) and song thrush ( 27 per cent ) .

The intensity of the sound at any particular point on the sphere therefore decreases , not in proportion to the distance ( the radius ) but in proportion to the square of the distance from the sound source , as the wavefront advances and the sphere swells .
the intensity of the sound at any particular point on the sphere therefore [lowers] , not in proportion to the distance ( the radius ) but in proportion to the square of the distance from the sound source , as the wavefront advances and the sphere swells .

This lack of oxygen decreases the activity of micro-organisms which break down detergents .
this lack of oxygen [lowers] the activity of micro-organisms which break down detergents .

Beyond the age of about 55 , to an increasing degree in older people , it is found that previous premarital experience of sex decreases , especially among women .
beyond the age of about 55 , to an increasing degree in older people , it is found that previous premarital experience of sex [lowers] , especially among women .

At each stage , the sum of the squares of the off-diagonal elements decreases by at least one third .
at each stage , the sum of the squares of the off-diagonal elements [lowers] by at least one third .

During a match the players ' level of fitness decreases steadily , or suddenly if injured !
during a match the players ' level of fitness [lowers] steadily , or suddenly if injured !

This tax now decreases by 7 % per year for every year an item purchased at auction remains with the purchaser .
this tax now [lowers] by 7 % per year for every year an item purchased at auction remains with the purchaser .

Stroke risk decreases significantly in two years and is about the same as for nonsmokers after five years [ 8 ] .
stroke risk [lowers] significantly in two years and is about the same as for nonsmokers after five years [ 8 ] .

Past that point the productivity curve decreases .
past that point the productivity curve [lowers] .

However , his average price still increases by 18 % in 1991 , while we have a very significant downturn for Italians , while the decreases are of the order of 10 % , 18 % and 35 % for the Flemish , French and Italian drawings respectively .
however , his average price still increases by 18 % in 1991 , while we have a very significant downturn for italians , while the [lowers] are of the order of 10 % , 18 % and 35 % for the flemish , french and italian drawings respectively .

This reduces the combinatorial explosion and decreases the potential for spurious overlaps through the co-incidence of alternative word senses .
this reduces the combinatorial explosion and [lowers] the potential for spurious overlaps through the co-incidence of alternative word senses .

Initial decreases in heart rate and arterial pressure may occur but these effects are minimal with the infusion rates recommended and are less pronounced than with morphine
initial [lowers] in heart rate and arterial pressure may occur but these effects are minimal with the infusion rates recommended and are less pronounced than with morphine

The authors argue that newborn screening for Duchenne muscular dystrophy decreases emotional distress because it avoids delays in diagnosing the disease , and without newborn screening two or more boys could be born with Duchenne muscular dystrophy before parents realised that they were at risk of having an affected child .
the authors argue that newborn screening for duchenne muscular dystrophy [lowers] emotional distress because it avoids delays in diagnosing the disease , and without newborn screening two or more boys could be born with duchenne muscular dystrophy before parents realised that they were at risk of having an affected child .

Increases its hostility towards , and decreases interaction with , the enemy .
increases its hostility towards , and [lowers] interaction with , the enemy .

For parasites whose offspring infect the offspring of their host ( vertical transmission ) , any behaviour by the parasite that decreases the fecundity of its host ( and thereby that of the parasite itself ) is unlikely to be favoured by natural selection .
for parasites whose offspring infect the offspring of their host ( vertical transmission ) , any behaviour by the parasite that [lowers] the fecundity of its host ( and thereby that of the parasite itself ) is unlikely to be favoured by natural selection .

Decreases were commonly 10 % and sometimes as much as 20 % of total shell height .
[lowers] were commonly 10 % and sometimes as much as 20 % of total shell height .

Decreases in shell size are not due to our marking method or the general water quality in this lake , but vary among sites and populations .
[lowers] in shell size are not due to our marking method or the general water quality in this lake , but vary among sites and populations .

For example , as speed increases , distance travelled in a given time increases ; as speed increases , time to travel a given distance decreases .
for example , as speed increases , distance travelled in a given time increases ; as speed increases , time to travel a given distance [lowers] .

Decreases in the length of Stay ; increases in the number of operations performed ; the introduction of new pieces of equipment ; new investigatory procedures ; new operations and other medical innovations will all have an impact upon the levels of nursing required .
[lowers] in the length of stay ; increases in the number of operations performed ; the introduction of new pieces of equipment ; new investigatory procedures ; new operations and other medical innovations will all have an impact upon the levels of nursing required .

However the percentage with such family decreases with age .
however the percentage with such family [lowers] with age .

As premature mortality decreases , he argues , more people will live to the limits of this natural lifespan .
as premature mortality [lowers] , he argues , more people will live to the limits of this natural lifespan .

There are also problems with the compression of morbidity thesis , most notably the lack of any clear and rigorous evidence of decreases in morbidity and the non-availability of measures of morbidity with which to test his proposition .
there are also problems with the compression of morbidity thesis , most notably the lack of any clear and rigorous evidence of [lowers] in morbidity and the non-availability of measures of morbidity with which to test his proposition .

With increasing age the percentage of deaths attributable to heart disease and cancer decreases , while that for cerebrovascular disease ( stroke ) and respiratory diseases increases ( Figure 3.2 ) .
with increasing age the percentage of deaths attributable to heart disease and cancer [lowers] , while that for cerebrovascular disease ( stroke ) and respiratory diseases increases ( figure 3.2 ) .

For the North American white population aged 65 + there have been significant decreases in mortality from stroke and ischaemic heart disease .
for the north american white population aged 65 + there have been significant [lowers] in mortality from stroke and ischaemic heart disease .

Similar decreases in heart disease mortality and stroke mortality have been observed in a variety of different countries ( Smith and Jacobson 1988 ) , although the decreases observed in the United Kingdom have been less dramatic than those recorded in some other countries .
similar [lowers] in heart disease mortality and stroke mortality have been observed in a variety of different countries ( smith and jacobson 1988 ) , although the [lowers] observed in the united kingdom have been less dramatic than those recorded in some other countries .

However , the decreases observed in Britain are smaller than those recorded in other countries .
however , the [lowers] observed in britain are smaller than those recorded in other countries .

For example , Japan recorded decreases in overall stroke mortality for both men and women of about 50 per cent between 1972 and 1982 ; in England and Wales the decrease was about 35 per cent over the same period ( Smith and Jacobson 1988 ) .
for example , japan recorded [lowers] in overall stroke mortality for both men and women of about 50 per cent between 1972 and 1982 ; in england and wales the decrease was about 35 per cent over the same period ( smith and jacobson 1988 ) .

There have also between significant decreases in late-age mortality from ischaemic heart disease and bronchitis ( Table 3.7 ) .
there have also between significant [lowers] in late-age mortality from ischaemic heart disease and bronchitis ( table 3.7 ) .

Another way of examining acute illness prevalence is to consider specific acute health problems and the extent to which their prevalence increases ( or decreases ) with age .
another way of examining acute illness prevalence is to consider specific acute health problems and the extent to which their prevalence increases ( or [lowers] ) with age .

The specialisms of geriatrics and orthopaedic surgery have recorded the largest decreases in average length of stay .
the specialisms of geriatrics and orthopaedic surgery have recorded the largest [lowers] in average length of stay .

Divorce , decreases in family size and the increased labour market participation of women raise questions about future supplies of informal care .
divorce , [lowers] in family size and the increased labour market participation of women raise questions about future supplies of informal care .

Manne argues , however , that that regulation via increased disclosure decreases efficiency .
manne argues , however , that that regulation via increased disclosure [lowers] efficiency .

Transmission often succeeds only after a long incubation period , which decreases substantially after serial passaging .
transmission often succeeds only after a long incubation period , which [lowers] substantially after serial passaging .

Increasing the rate at which a computer is clocked also decreases the amount of time available for a given computer signal to proceed though the wires and circuits of the computer .
increasing the rate at which a computer is clocked also [lowers] the amount of time available for a given computer signal to proceed though the wires and circuits of the computer .

As the competitive edge to be gained from the physical product decreases , businesses have turned to the added value given by service to discriminate them from their competitors .
as the competitive edge to be gained from the physical product [lowers] , businesses have turned to the added value given by service to discriminate them from their competitors .

The recurrence rate of dysphagia , although initially high , decreases over time .
the recurrence rate of dysphagia , although initially high , [lowers] over time .

The heart decreases in size and assumes a more vertical position , due to a loss of pericardial fat , reduced left ventricular mass , and decreased blood volume .
the heart [lowers] in size and assumes a more vertical position , due to a loss of pericardial fat , reduced left ventricular mass , and decreased blood volume .

The volume decreases as the pressure increases .
the volume [lowers] as the pressure increases .

In general , as the difference in electronegativity between two elements forming a bond decreases , so does the bond enthalpy .
in general , as the difference in electronegativity between two elements forming a bond [lowers] , so does the bond enthalpy .

The data in table 5.9 show that bond enthalpies increase as the number of bonds between two atoms decreases .
the data in table 5.9 show that bond enthalpies increase as the number of bonds between two atoms [lowers] .

As the number of bonding electrons increases , the bond length decreases and the bond becomes stronger .
as the number of bonding electrons increases , the bond length [lowers] and the bond becomes stronger .

Notice that , as the electronegativity of the halogens decreases down the group ( see section 2.2 ) , so does the lattice enthalpy .
notice that , as the electronegativity of the halogens [lowers] down the group ( see section 2.2 ) , so does the lattice enthalpy .

The amount of gas therefore decreases during the reaction .
the amount of gas therefore [lowers] during the reaction .

In other words , when a spontaneous reaction occurs at constant temperature and pressure , the free energy of the system decreases .
in other words , when a spontaneous reaction occurs at constant temperature and pressure , the free energy of the system [lowers] .

The standard molar free energies of formation of metal oxides increase with temperature whereas that for carbon monoxide decreases .
the standard molar free energies of formation of metal oxides increase with temperature whereas that for carbon monoxide [lowers] .

Thus , as the energy of the Universe changes , the amount of useful energy decreases , and the amount of useless energy increases .
thus , as the energy of the universe changes , the amount of useful energy [lowers] , and the amount of useless energy increases .

So if food consumption decreases there is a danger of malnutrition and if it continues one of obesity ( with attendant heart problems ) .
so if food consumption [lowers] there is a danger of malnutrition and if it continues one of obesity ( with attendant heart problems ) .

The free energy of any substance decreases with increasing temperature .
the free energy of any substance [lowers] with increasing temperature .

In general , the solubility of a gas decreases with increasing temperature .
in general , the solubility of a gas [lowers] with increasing temperature .

The partial vapour pressure of the less volatile component decreases at the same time .
the partial vapour pressure of the less volatile component [lowers] at the same time .

Sources and applications of funds could be represented by decreases and increases in reservoir volume , respectively .
sources and applications of funds could be represented by [lowers] and increases in reservoir volume , respectively .

The total amount paid decreases over time , as it consists of a constant principle repayment plus interest on the outstanding principle .
the total amount paid [lowers] over time , as it consists of a constant principle repayment plus interest on the outstanding principle .

Analysis of marriage patterns in western urban societies has shown consistent patterns of large numbers of marriages taking place between partners who live close to each other with steep decreases in numbers as distance between the residences of partners increase .
analysis of marriage patterns in western urban societies has shown consistent patterns of large numbers of marriages taking place between partners who live close to each other with steep [lowers] in numbers as distance between the residences of partners increase .

4.1 shows a reduction in pull-out torque from its maximum ( 0.6 Nm at 60 steps per second ) as the operating speed decreases .
4.1 shows a reduction in pull-out torque from its maximum ( 0.6 nm at 60 steps per second ) as the operating speed [lowers] .

Because motor torque decreases with increasing speed , a low stepping rate limit implies a high motor torque at all speeds and therefore fast acceleration , So the limiting speed is attained in a short time [ Fig .
because motor torque [lowers] with increasing speed , a low stepping rate limit implies a high motor torque at all speeds and therefore fast acceleration , so the limiting speed is attained in a short time [ fig .

It starts at zero , increases to a maximum , and then decreases to zero again .
it starts at zero , increases to a maximum , and then [lowers] to zero again .

One might therefore think that opening another slit would just increase the number of electrons hitting each point of the screen , but , because of interference , it actually decreases it in some places .
one might therefore think that opening another slit would just increase the number of electrons hitting each point of the screen , but , because of interference , it actually [lowers] it in some places .

One can create order out of disorder ( for example , one can paint the house ) , but that requires expenditure of effort or energy and so decreases the amount of ordered energy available .
one can create order out of disorder ( for example , one can paint the house ) , but that requires expenditure of effort or energy and so [lowers] the amount of ordered energy available .

With these changes , and after setting suitable formats , you can see that amount actually deposited by putting £1 per month away starting in 1900 is only worth £199 . In other words , the value of money decreases so much that the eventual outlay of £1,116 over 93 years is only equivalent to just short of £200 in 1900 's currency — weird stuff money !
with these changes , and after setting suitable formats , you can see that amount actually deposited by putting £1 per month away starting in 1900 is only worth £199 . in other words , the value of money [lowers] so much that the eventual outlay of £1,116 over 93 years is only equivalent to just short of £200 in 1900 's currency — weird stuff money !

This fractionation decreases with the square of the temperature , and should be insignificant at the high temperatures of the mantle .
this fractionation [lowers] with the square of the temperature , and should be insignificant at the high temperatures of the mantle .

Thus the ratio decreases as a liquid becomes increasingly polymeric .
thus the ratio [lowers] as a liquid becomes increasingly polymeric .

The sensitivity of the method decreases rapidly as the chain length increases and the number of end groups drops .
the sensitivity of the method [lowers] rapidly as the chain length increases and the number of end groups drops .

As the molecular size of the polymer decreases there is an increasing probability that the molecules can diffuse into the smaller pores and channels in the gel which slows their time of passage through the column by providing a potentially longer path length before being eluted .
as the molecular size of the polymer [lowers] there is an increasing probability that the molecules can diffuse into the smaller pores and channels in the gel which slows their time of passage through the column by providing a potentially longer path length before being eluted .

Each chain pervades a given volume in the sample , but as the temperature decreases the volume available to the molecule also decreases .
each chain pervades a given volume in the sample , but as the temperature [lowers] the volume available to the molecule also [lowers] .

As the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this operation .
as the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then [lowers] thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this operation .

While the main variable is temperature , the factors ε′ and ε′′ can be studied as a function of the angular frequency ο , and in the frequency region where there is a relaxation , ε′ decreases as shown in figure 13.17 .
while the main variable is temperature , the factors ε′ and ε′′ can be studied as a function of the angular frequency ο , and in the frequency region where there is a relaxation , ε′ [lowers] as shown in figure 13.17 .

The distribution remains normal but the standard deviation decreases as the square root of n , the sample size .
the distribution remains normal but the standard deviation [lowers] as the square root of n , the sample size .

Real wages fell by 28 per cent in Mexico , 35 per cent in Peru and similiar significant decreases in Brazil , Chile and Venezuela .
real wages fell by 28 per cent in mexico , 35 per cent in peru and similiar significant [lowers] in brazil , chile and venezuela .

Does he realise that it shows huge decreases for the next five years , especially in London , with up to 95 per cent .
does he realise that it shows huge [lowers] for the next five years , especially in london , with up to 95 per cent .

The personal element of the poll tax led to huge decreases in census registration and registration for elections .
the personal element of the poll tax led to huge [lowers] in census registration and registration for elections .

This means that as we use more and more observations we would expect the means of our estimators to tend towards their true values while the variability of the estimators decreases .
this means that as we use more and more observations we would expect the means of our estimators to tend towards their true values while the variability of the estimators [lowers] .

It is obvious that as r decreases below the equilibrium bond distance and the atoms ‘ penetrate ’ each other , the potential energy must increase dramatically so that some singular behavior ( in the mathematical sense ) must occur before r reaches zero .
it is obvious that as r [lowers] below the equilibrium bond distance and the atoms ‘ penetrate ’ each other , the potential energy must increase dramatically so that some singular behavior ( in the mathematical sense ) must occur before r reaches zero .

The large relative mass increase here leads to large decreases in vibration frequencies , by a factor of up to 0·717 ( 1/√2 ) .
the large relative mass increase here leads to large [lowers] in vibration frequencies , by a factor of up to 0·717 ( 1/√2 ) .

If a total of less than 1 % of the population is undefined then the errors are unlikely to be great , but the reliability of the moments decreases sharply as the proportions of undefined materials increases , and the technique should not be used with a higher proportion of unknowns notwithstanding the convenience and availability of pocket calculators suitable to perform the arithmetic .
if a total of less than 1 % of the population is undefined then the errors are unlikely to be great , but the reliability of the moments [lowers] sharply as the proportions of undefined materials increases , and the technique should not be used with a higher proportion of unknowns notwithstanding the convenience and availability of pocket calculators suitable to perform the arithmetic .

Thus in allied localities it may be possible to trace material from one specific source using its modal size and spread , noting the increases and decreases in its contribution to local materials ( Curray , 1960 ; McManus , Buller & green , 1980 ) .
thus in allied localities it may be possible to trace material from one specific source using its modal size and spread , noting the increases and [lowers] in its contribution to local materials ( curray , 1960 ; mcmanus , buller & green , 1980 ) .

As grain size decreases so does the permeability in most cases , due to an increase in the associated capillary pressure resisting passage of the fluids .
as grain size [lowers] so does the permeability in most cases , due to an increase in the associated capillary pressure resisting passage of the fluids .

The accuracy of the method decreases according to grain size : with finer grained specimens , the pink stain tends to pervade the surface and obscure the quartz grains .
the accuracy of the method [lowers] according to grain size : with finer grained specimens , the pink stain tends to pervade the surface and obscure the quartz grains .

However , these are complex multi-element systems , and their transmissivity decreases rapidly with increased magnification .
however , these are complex multi-element systems , and their transmissivity [lowers] rapidly with increased magnification .

Figure 7.2 shows that as the age of the pupil increases , so the proportion of women teachers decreases .
figure 7.2 shows that as the age of the pupil increases , so the proportion of women teachers [lowers] .

If , simultaneously , the short-term frequency increases , but the numbers of citations per paper decreases , then the research group has reached the subject 's saturation limit , and consideration should be given to levelling-off or reducing funding for these projects .
if , simultaneously , the short-term frequency increases , but the numbers of citations per paper [lowers] , then the research group has reached the subject 's saturation limit , and consideration should be given to levelling-off or reducing funding for these projects .

Citations to theses peak , as earlier demonstrated , in the second year after deposit , and the rate of citation decreases rather rapidly ( although the spread of citations may extend up to twenty years after thesis deposit ) .
citations to theses peak , as earlier demonstrated , in the second year after deposit , and the rate of citation [lowers] rather rapidly ( although the spread of citations may extend up to twenty years after thesis deposit ) .

In other words , any increases or decreases can not be solely attributed to the effects of economic integration .
in other words , any increases or [lowers] can not be solely attributed to the effects of economic integration .

In this chapter , less emphasis is given to child than to infant mortality and , also , to morbidity , partly because the influence of biological factors becomes considerably weaker during childhood and , partly because the number of observed deaths decreases by age so rapidly that inferences drawn from survey statistics become less significant and the mortality figures more erratic due to increasing sampling errors .
in this chapter , less emphasis is given to child than to infant mortality and , also , to morbidity , partly because the influence of biological factors becomes considerably weaker during childhood and , partly because the number of observed deaths [lowers] by age so rapidly that inferences drawn from survey statistics become less significant and the mortality figures more erratic due to increasing sampling errors .

Though the proportion of low birth weight infants decreases from very young maternal ages and from first birth order towards the prime childbearing ages and higher order births , it increases again considerably at later ages and from third and fourth birth orders ( Hungary , 1970 ; Selvin and Garfinkel , 1972 ; Chakraborty et al , 1975 ) .
though the proportion of low birth weight infants [lowers] from very young maternal ages and from first birth order towards the prime childbearing ages and higher order births , it increases again considerably at later ages and from third and fourth birth orders ( hungary , 1970 ; selvin and garfinkel , 1972 ; chakraborty et al , 1975 ) .

On the other hand , infant mortality considerably decreases if spacing is four years or longer in the regions where overall levels of infant mortality are high , but the beneficial impact of four-year or longer spacing seems to weaken with the reduction of general infant mortality ; it is almost negligible in the Western Hemisphere ( see Fig .
on the other hand , infant mortality considerably [lowers] if spacing is four years or longer in the regions where overall levels of infant mortality are high , but the beneficial impact of four-year or longer spacing seems to weaken with the reduction of general infant mortality ; it is almost negligible in the western hemisphere ( see fig .

As the temperature falls however two processes occur : ( a ) low energy configurations start to predominate and ( b ) the volume of holes decreases .
as the temperature falls however two processes occur : ( a ) low energy configurations start to predominate and ( b ) the volume of holes [lowers] .

Our results are consistent with observations in man that mucosal proliferation decreases with distance from the ileocaecal valve to the rectum .
our results are consistent with observations in man that mucosal proliferation [lowers] with distance from the ileocaecal valve to the rectum .

‘ Fade ’ is a pharmacological phenomenon in which the response of a steady state system to a given stimulus decreases with time ; thus it might be argued that the cigarette smoking had no effect and that the observed reduction in secretion simply coincided with system fade .
‘ fade ’ is a pharmacological phenomenon in which the response of a steady state system to a given stimulus [lowers] with time ; thus it might be argued that the cigarette smoking had no effect and that the observed reduction in secretion simply coincided with system fade .

Why increases in dietary fibre or decreases in refined carbohydrate intake should reduce cholesterol supersaturation of bile in control subjects , but should fail to prevent recurrence in our gall stone patients , is unknown .
why increases in dietary fibre or [lowers] in refined carbohydrate intake should reduce cholesterol supersaturation of bile in control subjects , but should fail to prevent recurrence in our gall stone patients , is unknown .

We now show that indomethacin , a cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor , at 100 uM decreases chemilumine scence .
we now show that indomethacin , a cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor , at 100 um [lowers] chemilumine scence .

In vitro experiments performed in our laboratory have shown that the lytic activity of bile acids increases in the presence of Ca + and decreases when phosphate is added .
in vitro experiments performed in our laboratory have shown that the lytic activity of bile acids increases in the presence of ca + and [lowers] when phosphate is added .

This is in accordance with out in vitro studies , showing that calcium phsphate decreases the solubility of bile acids .
this is in accordance with out in vitro studies , showing that calcium phsphate [lowers] the solubility of bile acids .

Typical mean decreases in metal contamination from each successive collection of acidified water are shown in Figure 1 .
typical mean [lowers] in metal contamination from each successive collection of acidified water are shown in figure 1 .

The staining for PT-gliadin decreases after the instillation is terminated and this might be explaiend by enzymatic digestion and/or transcytosis .
the staining for pt-gliadin [lowers] after the instillation is terminated and this might be explaiend by enzymatic digestion and/or transcytosis .

It is , therefore , possible that in the presence of an autonomic neuropathy of long duration the number of working sweat glands decreases and their distribution becomes irregular .
it is , therefore , possible that in the presence of an autonomic neuropathy of long duration the number of working sweat glands [lowers] and their distribution becomes irregular .

In previous studies it was shown that the serum concentration increases in conditions where there is bile acid loss — for example , after ileal resection and cholestyramine treatment , and decreases where there is decreased bile acid synthesis — for example , in cirrhosis of the liver .
in previous studies it was shown that the serum concentration increases in conditions where there is bile acid loss — for example , after ileal resection and cholestyramine treatment , and [lowers] where there is decreased bile acid synthesis — for example , in cirrhosis of the liver .

The foregoing has concentrated on increases ( decreases ) in dividends and makes no comment on the actual payout ratio itself .
the foregoing has concentrated on increases ( [lowers] ) in dividends and makes no comment on the actual payout ratio itself .

It can be approximated by the following expression : where = change in dirty bond price if yield increases by 1 basis point ( 0.01 ) , = change in dirty bond price if yield decreases by 1 basis point ( 0.01 ) .
it can be approximated by the following expression : where = change in dirty bond price if yield increases by 1 basis point ( 0.01 ) , = change in dirty bond price if yield [lowers] by 1 basis point ( 0.01 ) .

The distribution remains normal but the standard deviation decreases as the square root of n , the sample size .
the distribution remains normal but the standard deviation [lowers] as the square root of n , the sample size .

The rate of removal of shell sands decreases as the erosion surface approaches the water-table and a level surface often remains .
the rate of removal of shell sands [lowers] as the erosion surface approaches the water-table and a level surface often remains .

With increasing oceanicity , precipitation increases and is more uniformly distributed over the year , the number of ‘ wet ’ days increases , and humidity and wind speeds rise , while annual temperature range decreases ( Poore & McVean 1957 , McVean & Ratcliffe 1962 ) .
with increasing oceanicity , precipitation increases and is more uniformly distributed over the year , the number of ‘ wet ’ days increases , and humidity and wind speeds rise , while annual temperature range [lowers] ( poore & mcvean 1957 , mcvean & ratcliffe 1962 ) .

The number of females with whom the male frequently interacts decreases with the size of the group .
the number of females with whom the male frequently interacts [lowers] with the size of the group .

The result is important since it decreases the rate of bladder filling during the night and allows us to sleep longer .
the result is important since it [lowers] the rate of bladder filling during the night and allows us to sleep longer .

It is possible that the strength of the daily clock also decreases in the aged ; this would mean that the amplitude of the rhythms it influences would decrease .
it is possible that the strength of the daily clock also [lowers] in the aged ; this would mean that the amplitude of the rhythms it influences would decrease .

The strength of cast iron also decreases less rapidly with temperature .
the strength of cast iron also [lowers] less rapidly with temperature .

Women will become increasingly important as prospective employees as the number of people entering the job market decreases and with the advent of a single European market .
women will become increasingly important as prospective employees as the number of people entering the job market [lowers] and with the advent of a single european market .

With chlorinated hydrocarbons , the ease of biodegradation decreases as the number of chlorine atoms per molecule increases .
with chlorinated hydrocarbons , the ease of biodegradation [lowers] as the number of chlorine atoms per molecule increases .

However , because ‘ newly-born ’ micelles can only arise at the expense of the preexisting ones ( there is a finite amount of water in the system that must be shared between all the micelles ) , the average radius of the micelles decreases .
however , because ‘ newly-born ’ micelles can only arise at the expense of the preexisting ones ( there is a finite amount of water in the system that must be shared between all the micelles ) , the average radius of the micelles [lowers] .

Despite the imperfect fidelity of replication of the micelles — the average size decreases with time — the Swiss researchers believe that they have demonstrated the suitability of the micellar model as a simple chemical autopoietic system .
despite the imperfect fidelity of replication of the micelles — the average size [lowers] with time — the swiss researchers believe that they have demonstrated the suitability of the micellar model as a simple chemical autopoietic system .

Local authorities continued to be threatened with central government imposed limitations on their ability to raise revenue locally , and the personal consequences for individual community charge payers voting for either increases or decreases in expenditure would vary considerably .
local authorities continued to be threatened with central government imposed limitations on their ability to raise revenue locally , and the personal consequences for individual community charge payers voting for either increases or [lowers] in expenditure would vary considerably .

Prosperity has also announced rate decreases .
prosperity has also announced rate [lowers] .

decreases in staff and pupil absences ;
[lowers] in staff and pupil absences ;

So the water table is not at a constant level , but rises and falls during the year as the amount of water stored in the aquifer increases and decreases .
so the water table is not at a constant level , but rises and falls during the year as the amount of water stored in the aquifer increases and [lowers] .

The numbers have not , however , fallen significantly , and in 1977 there were still 44,100 adults aged sixteen and over in mental handicap hospitals in England , and recent decreases in these numbers have not been anywhere near as rapid as successive governments have proposed would be the case .
the numbers have not , however , fallen significantly , and in 1977 there were still 44,100 adults aged sixteen and over in mental handicap hospitals in england , and recent [lowers] in these numbers have not been anywhere near as rapid as successive governments have proposed would be the case .

This permeability of the gut gradually decreases as the baby gets older , and consequently so do the risks of allergy , although this varies and can take a year or longer .
this permeability of the gut gradually [lowers] as the baby gets older , and consequently so do the risks of allergy , although this varies and can take a year or longer .

When water-depth decreases to 1.3 times wave-height , the wave is compressed , its steepness rises , and the orbital journey of a wave particle is squeezed into a tilted ellipse .
when water-depth [lowers] to 1.3 times wave-height , the wave is compressed , its steepness rises , and the orbital journey of a wave particle is squeezed into a tilted ellipse .

The overall thickness of the skin is controlled by the rate of division of the basal cells and removal of cells from the outer layer somehow increases the rate of cell multiplication to restore the thickness ; perhaps the dying outer layers produce an inhibitor of cell proliferation so that if the number of surface cells is reduced inhibitor concentration decreases and more cells are produced .
the overall thickness of the skin is controlled by the rate of division of the basal cells and removal of cells from the outer layer somehow increases the rate of cell multiplication to restore the thickness ; perhaps the dying outer layers produce an inhibitor of cell proliferation so that if the number of surface cells is reduced inhibitor concentration [lowers] and more cells are produced .

In common with all other liquids , from petrol to treacle , molten rocks have a viscosity , and also in common with other liquids , the viscosity decreases with increasing temperature .
in common with all other liquids , from petrol to treacle , molten rocks have a viscosity , and also in common with other liquids , the viscosity [lowers] with increasing temperature .

Often , the initial rapid rate of flow decreases , and then the level of the lava in the canal drops , leaving the banks , or levees as they are called , standing up high and dry like walls .
often , the initial rapid rate of flow [lowers] , and then the level of the lava in the canal drops , leaving the banks , or levees as they are called , standing up high and dry like walls .

Second , and also predictably , the average size of the fragments present at any one point also decreases with distance from the vent . [ See Fig. 2 ]
second , and also predictably , the average size of the fragments present at any one point also [lowers] with distance from the vent . [ see fig. 2 ]

With age , the sensitivity to external influence decreases , but there are critical points in the process of growing up when children are more than usually pliable .
with age , the sensitivity to external influence [lowers] , but there are critical points in the process of growing up when children are more than usually pliable .

Suppose , as has in fact happened , that the world demand for ships decreases and shifts to more efficient producers overseas .
suppose , as has in fact happened , that the world demand for ships [lowers] and shifts to more efficient producers overseas .

However , the weights may soon become out-of-date : in particular , the Laspeyres index will tend to give too much weight to those goods whose relative prices have increased over time since increases in relative prices are usually associated with decreases in quantity demanded .
however , the weights may soon become out-of-date : in particular , the laspeyres index will tend to give too much weight to those goods whose relative prices have increased over time since increases in relative prices are usually associated with [lowers] in quantity demanded .

Outer London authorities were mostly likely to report a decrease in allocation of money : only Wales and Northern Ireland uniformly reported no decreases , while Northern Ireland authorities were the only group uniformly to report an increase in expenditure .
outer london authorities were mostly likely to report a decrease in allocation of money : only wales and northern ireland uniformly reported no [lowers] , while northern ireland authorities were the only group uniformly to report an increase in expenditure .

It blows debris into the net and it tightens the net rather like wire netting and decreases its catching power .
it blows debris into the net and it tightens the net rather like wire netting and [lowers] its catching power .

When the patient is over the acute episode and begins recovery the insulin requirement usually decreases .
when the patient is over the acute episode and begins recovery the insulin requirement usually [lowers] .

This latter breakthrough brought together diabetologist and obstetrician to produce comprehensive care , with improved glycaemic control contributing to dramatic decreases in perinatal mortality and morbidity ( Karlsson & Kjellmer , 1972 ) .
this latter breakthrough brought together diabetologist and obstetrician to produce comprehensive care , with improved glycaemic control contributing to dramatic [lowers] in perinatal mortality and morbidity ( karlsson & kjellmer , 1972 ) .

At outcrop from Cornwall to Somerset and South Wales it is possible to distinguish five zones characterised by successive northward decreases in their degree of metamorphism and deformation , and in their deformation ages .
at outcrop from cornwall to somerset and south wales it is possible to distinguish five zones characterised by successive northward [lowers] in their degree of metamorphism and deformation , and in their deformation ages .

In vertical section the sand frequency decreases upwards as the detrital source retreats ‘ landwards ’ and sedimentary onlap occurs .
in vertical section the sand frequency [lowers] upwards as the detrital source retreats ‘ landwards ’ and sedimentary onlap occurs .

The gas-generating potential decreases as the maturity increases and thus this decrease is a measure of the amount of gas generated and expelled from the coal during its thermal history .
the gas-generating potential [lowers] as the maturity increases and thus this decrease is a measure of the amount of gas generated and expelled from the coal during its thermal history .

The wedge rapidly decreases to a thickness of 3 m towards the basin centre where it consists of darker , millimetre-bedded carbonate mudstones , that were probably deposited in a basin plain environment .
the wedge rapidly [lowers] to a thickness of 3 m towards the basin centre where it consists of darker , millimetre-bedded carbonate mudstones , that were probably deposited in a basin plain environment .

From core measurements made under ‘ room conditions ’ porosity visibly decreases with increasing depth .
from core measurements made under ‘ room conditions ’ porosity visibly [lowers] with increasing depth .

First of all there is a phase of population increase , where mortality is low and adult body size is up to 50 per cent larger than normal ; the resulting high density promotes dispersal , shortens the breeding season , and delays sexual maturity in juveniles ; and this is followed by a phase of decline , which may be rapid or spaced over one to two years , and during which mortality is high and adult size decreases .
first of all there is a phase of population increase , where mortality is low and adult body size is up to 50 per cent larger than normal ; the resulting high density promotes dispersal , shortens the breeding season , and delays sexual maturity in juveniles ; and this is followed by a phase of decline , which may be rapid or spaced over one to two years , and during which mortality is high and adult size [lowers] .

After a predator has finished a meal , its level of stomach acidity decreases ( Duke et al .
after a predator has finished a meal , its level of stomach acidity [lowers] ( duke et al .

Proteolytic activity ( protein breakdown ) also decreases in predators after eating ( Duke et al .
proteolytic activity ( protein breakdown ) also [lowers] in predators after eating ( duke et al .

The state has been described as one of ‘ restful alertness ’ and physiological measures have shown that the heart rate decreases , metabolism is lowered , breathing rate decreases , blood pressure is lowered and brain waves change pattern .
the state has been described as one of ‘ restful alertness ’ and physiological measures have shown that the heart rate [lowers] , metabolism is lowered , breathing rate [lowers] , blood pressure is lowered and brain waves change pattern .

Punishment is the opposite of positive reinforcement ( see page 134 ) and it decreases behaviour .
punishment is the opposite of positive reinforcement ( see page 134 ) and it [lowers] behaviour .

The striking differences are that a team increases seeking ideas , suggesting , building and seeking clarification and decreases proposing , disagreeing , difficulty stating and clarifying/explaining/informing .
the striking differences are that a team increases seeking ideas , suggesting , building and seeking clarification and [lowers] proposing , disagreeing , difficulty stating and clarifying/explaining/informing .

As your fitness improves you will find that your heart rate decreases while performing the same level of exercise .
as your fitness improves you will find that your heart rate [lowers] while performing the same level of exercise .

As the price of computers decreases and as they become incorporated in a wide range of domestic goods , from cookers to calculators , the ordinary consumer is becoming a major purchaser of electronic gadgetry .
as the price of computers [lowers] and as they become incorporated in a wide range of domestic goods , from cookers to calculators , the ordinary consumer is becoming a major purchaser of electronic gadgetry .

They are themselves helical , with a pitch that decreases uniformally towards the outside , and they are torsion structures held together in part at least by forces generated by the attempts of individual bacteria to untwist .
they are themselves helical , with a pitch that [lowers] uniformally towards the outside , and they are torsion structures held together in part at least by forces generated by the attempts of individual bacteria to untwist .

But after death , the amount of radiocarbon decreases at a fixed rate : it halves every 5730 years .
but after death , the amount of radiocarbon [lowers] at a fixed rate : it halves every 5730 years .

More often it is not , for administrators would have a manoeuvrable teacher , and any form of specialisation decreases manoeuvrability .
more often it is not , for administrators would have a manoeuvrable teacher , and any form of specialisation [lowers] manoeuvrability .

The nub of the problem resides in the fact that an increase of consumer goods as a share of the total social product decreases the share of surplus-value in the net national income .
the nub of the problem resides in the fact that an increase of consumer goods as a share of the total social product [lowers] the share of surplus-value in the net national income .

Some studies have shown that the Pill decreases antibody production slightly , and others have shown more allergies , infections and autoimmune diseases among Pill-takers .
some studies have shown that the pill [lowers] antibody production slightly , and others have shown more allergies , infections and autoimmune diseases among pill-takers .

Finally , it can be inserted into the eye in a swollen state , higher than its equilibrium value in the body , so that it gradually decreases in size , thus reducing the degree of scleral buckling after chorioretinal adhesion .
finally , it can be inserted into the eye in a swollen state , higher than its equilibrium value in the body , so that it gradually [lowers] in size , thus reducing the degree of scleral buckling after chorioretinal adhesion .

Remember that tolerance to alcohol decreases with age .
remember that tolerance to alcohol [lowers] with age .

As liquidity decreases — from notes to premises — profitability increases for the bank .
as liquidity [lowers] — from notes to premises — profitability increases for the bank .

Second , three of the variables incorporated into it have negative signs , indicating that as the number of pixels of these types increases , so population decreases .
second , three of the variables incorporated into it have negative signs , indicating that as the number of pixels of these types increases , so population [lowers] .

The optimal policy is one for which marginal increases or decreases in chosen inventory levels will not confer additional profits .
the optimal policy is one for which marginal increases or [lowers] in chosen inventory levels will not confer additional profits .

For our purposes , note that high demand fluctuation decreases one ’ s ability to forecast demand accurately .
for our purposes , note that high demand fluctuation [lowers] one ’ s ability to forecast demand accurately .

Adopting more of these practices also decreases the growth of inventory levels .
adopting more of these practices also [lowers] the growth of inventory levels .

On the other hand , demand , where demand is also plotted on the y-axis , decreases from high to low as prices increase .
on the other hand , demand , where demand is also plotted on the y-axis , [lowers] from high to low as prices increase .

As you can see , for long enough makespan , as makespan decreases there are roughly a constant number of schedules at each makespan .
as you can see , for long enough makespan , as makespan [lowers] there are roughly a constant number of schedules at each makespan .

If the logarithm of the cost per unit is plotted on the y-axis and the logarithm of the cumulative number of units produced is plotted on the x-axis , one gets a typical straight-line power law that decreases downward to the right .
if the logarithm of the cost per unit is plotted on the y-axis and the logarithm of the cumulative number of units produced is plotted on the x-axis , one gets a typical straight-line power law that [lowers] downward to the right .

Welsh could , in principle , distinguish increases , decreases , or no change in the abundances of gene transcripts for his nearly , genes .
welsh could , in principle , distinguish increases , [lowers] , or no change in the abundances of gene transcripts for his nearly , genes .

The most interesting result is that , of the patterns , fall into eight mirror-symmetric pairs : Under some conditions , one set of genes increases in transcript abundance while a second set of genes decreases in transcript abundance .
the most interesting result is that , of the patterns , fall into eight mirror-symmetric pairs : under some conditions , one set of genes increases in transcript abundance while a second set of genes [lowers] in transcript abundance .

Under other of the seven perturbing conditions , the roles are reversed , and the first set of genes decreases in transcript abundance while the second set increases in transcript abundance .
under other of the seven perturbing conditions , the roles are reversed , and the first set of genes [lowers] in transcript abundance while the second set increases in transcript abundance .

During this evolution , the mean interval between extinction events increases dramatically , hence , the mean number of extinction events decreases .
during this evolution , the mean interval between extinction events increases dramatically , hence , the mean number of extinction events [lowers] .

Sinclair and Zurek have independently carried out work that shows the following : Initially , as the demon operates , his knowledge about the system increases , hence , the entropy of the gas system decreases .
sinclair and zurek have independently carried out work that shows the following : initially , as the demon operates , his knowledge about the system increases , hence , the entropy of the gas system [lowers] .

Thus volume decreases appreciably , while pressure increases slightly .
thus volume [lowers] appreciably , while pressure increases slightly .

Due to the compression of the working gas and the fact that it is not in contact with the cool T1 reservoir , the working gas heats up , so the pressure increases appreciably while the volume decreases slightly , as the gas is compressed until the initial state of hot compressed gas , step 1 , is achieved .
due to the compression of the working gas and the fact that it is not in contact with the cool t1 reservoir , the working gas heats up , so the pressure increases appreciably while the volume [lowers] slightly , as the gas is compressed until the initial state of hot compressed gas , step 1 , is achieved .

Decreases in two funding sources prompted the cuts , Worthy said .
[lowers] in two funding sources prompted the cuts , worthy said .

There are also reports that after a couple of days , spurred by concerns about legal responsibility , family member advice , or rationalizations , patient openness to discuss drinking and other problem behaviors decreases dramatically .
there are also reports that after a couple of days , spurred by concerns about legal responsibility , family member advice , or rationalizations , patient openness to discuss drinking and other problem behaviors [lowers] dramatically .

Do they include a decrease in alcohol consumption or decreases in negative consequences , such as drinking and driving violations or school and work problems ?
do they include a decrease in alcohol consumption or [lowers] in negative consequences , such as drinking and driving violations or school and work problems ?

By keeping such records , the central group could develop monthly reports that showed increases and decreases in incident frequency , trends , and the status of resolution efforts .
by keeping such records , the central group could develop monthly reports that showed increases and [lowers] in incident frequency , trends , and the status of resolution efforts .

The analyses use both quantifiable ( percentage increases or decreases in costs ) and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on the small entities .
the analyses use both quantifiable ( percentage increases or [lowers] in costs ) and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on the small entities .

By keeping such records , the central group could develop monthly reports that showed increases and decreases in incident frequency , trends , and the status of resolution efforts .
by keeping such records , the central group could develop monthly reports that showed increases and [lowers] in incident frequency , trends , and the status of resolution efforts .

When federal saving decreases ( smaller surpluses or larger deficits ) , private saving may increase .
when federal saving [lowers] ( smaller surpluses or larger deficits ) , private saving may increase .

In other words , government saving decreases by $ 1,120 ( or government dissaving increases by that amount , depending on the government 's surplus/deficit position for the year ) .
in other words , government saving [lowers] by $ 1,120 ( or government dissaving increases by that amount , depending on the government 's surplus/deficit position for the year ) .

As the absolute value of the dilution factor decreases , the width of the NOEC-LOEC interval increases , and the inherent maximum precision of the test decreases .
as the absolute value of the dilution factor [lowers] , the width of the noec-loec interval increases , and the inherent maximum precision of the test [lowers] .

Surprisingly , the marginal cost of SO2 , NOx , and Hg reductions increases as the marginal cost of carbon decreases .
surprisingly , the marginal cost of so2 , nox , and hg reductions increases as the marginal cost of carbon [lowers] .

Gas consumption increases slightly in scenarios A and B , and decreases by a small amount in scenarios C and D as lower electricity consumption reduces the need for new capacity .
gas consumption increases slightly in scenarios a and b , and [lowers] by a small amount in scenarios c and d as lower electricity consumption reduces the need for new capacity .

As the absolute value of the dilution factor decreases , the width of the NOEC-LOEC interval increases , and the inherent maximum precision of the test decreases .
as the absolute value of the dilution factor [lowers] , the width of the noec-loec interval increases , and the inherent maximum precision of the test [lowers] .

Congressional resolution of key issues simplifies whatever Agency rulemaking is needed and decreases the opportunities for the program to get tied up in protracted litigation .
congressional resolution of key issues simplifies whatever agency rulemaking is needed and [lowers] the opportunities for the program to get tied up in protracted litigation .

We also find that the burden decreases as the percentage of non-delivered mail increases .
we also find that the burden [lowers] as the percentage of non-delivered mail increases .

Dr. John Haldi has brought to our attention that the daily vehicle cost per box is not the same for all quintiles , as was assumed in an early version of the paper , but decreases with population density .
dr. john haldi has brought to our attention that the daily vehicle cost per box is not the same for all quintiles , as was assumed in an early version of the paper , but [lowers] with population density .

As the ratio of points to stops decreases , mail gets more expensive to deliver .
as the ratio of points to stops [lowers] , mail gets more expensive to deliver .

Route time cost , which is a fixed cost and the largest component of street delivery costs , decreases with a rise in volume .
route time cost , which is a fixed cost and the largest component of street delivery costs , [lowers] with a rise in volume .

The fixed access cost as a percentage of total cost would increase with volume until all stops are covered while the variable access cost percentage decreases as volume increases .
the fixed access cost as a percentage of total cost would increase with volume until all stops are covered while the variable access cost percentage [lowers] as volume increases .

If only the carrier route mail is delivered , the average delivered volume decreases from 3,051 to 1,263 in this quartile .
if only the carrier route mail is delivered , the average delivered volume [lowers] from 3,051 to 1,263 in this quartile .

All of the equations , of course , apply for both discount increases and decreases .
all of the equations , of course , apply for both discount increases and [lowers] .

If the discount decreases from 6¢ , mail which mailers have been sorting for less than 6¢ will shift to the Postal Service , and the technical gain will again be negative .
if the discount [lowers] from 6¢ , mail which mailers have been sorting for less than 6¢ will shift to the postal service , and the technical gain will again be negative .

Note also that the slopes of both graphs decrease in absolute value as the discount decreases .
note also that the slopes of both graphs decrease in absolute value as the discount [lowers] .

For discount decreases , the profits of the Postal Service increase much more rapidly ifthe discount elasticities ( and associated cross elasticities ) are low rather than high .
for discount [lowers] , the profits of the postal service increase much more rapidly ifthe discount elasticities ( and associated cross elasticities ) are low rather than high .

For discount increases ( and conversely for discount decreases ) , the net welfare is the sum of : ( a ) the reduction in welfare of the basic market , before the shift volume leaves , ( b ) the increase in welfare of the shifting volume , and ( c ) the increase in welfare of the workshare market , before the shift volume arrives .
for discount increases ( and conversely for discount [lowers] ) , the net welfare is the sum of : ( a ) the reduction in welfare of the basic market , before the shift volume leaves , ( b ) the increase in welfare of the shifting volume , and ( c ) the increase in welfare of the workshare market , before the shift volume arrives .

The postal revenue decreases by ¾ of a cent times the 20 billion pieces , but the postal cost decreases by 4¢ time the 20 billion pieces .
the postal revenue [lowers] by ¾ of a cent times the 20 billion pieces , but the postal cost [lowers] by 4¢ time the 20 billion pieces .

When this occurs , an allele that raises the recombination rate ( and decreases the linkage disequilibrium ) can cause selection to act more efficiently .
when this occurs , an allele that raises the recombination rate ( and [lowers] the linkage disequilibrium ) can cause selection to act more efficiently .

Methods Calculating Demand and Treatment Access We assume that the number of people with HIV who will travel to a specific HCF is directly proportional to the number of individuals with HIV in that particular community , but that the probability of an individual traveling to receive ARVs ( i.e. , the treatment accessibility ) decreases with distance from the HCF .
methods calculating demand and treatment access we assume that the number of people with hiv who will travel to a specific hcf is directly proportional to the number of individuals with hiv in that particular community , but that the probability of an individual traveling to receive arvs ( i.e. , the treatment accessibility ) [lowers] with distance from the hcf .

Change in Living Conditions The major changes in rural areas , tropical villages or in Europe pre-1900 that could be related to the change in immune responses include : decreases in helminth infection ; physical proximity to farm animals [ 2 ] ; exposure to those mycobacteria that are commonly found in the soil ; bifidobacteria colonization of the gut ; as well as decreased prevalence of Hepatitis A infection [ 3 ] .
change in living conditions the major changes in rural areas , tropical villages or in europe pre-1900 that could be related to the change in immune responses include : [lowers] in helminth infection ; physical proximity to farm animals [ 2 ] ; exposure to those mycobacteria that are commonly found in the soil ; bifidobacteria colonization of the gut ; as well as decreased prevalence of hepatitis a infection [ 3 ] .

In both yeast and nematodes , the ability of a gene to buffer the loss of its duplicate declines over time as their functional overlap decreases .
in both yeast and nematodes , the ability of a gene to buffer the loss of its duplicate declines over time as their functional overlap [lowers] .

In their paper , Valente and colleagues show that PINK1 decreases damage to mitochondria induced by proteasome inhibition , but a recessive mutant PINK1 is unable to protect cells .
in their paper , valente and colleagues show that pink1 [lowers] damage to mitochondria induced by proteasome inhibition , but a recessive mutant pink1 is unable to protect cells .

Randomized trials and observational studies have conclusively shown a marked improvement in several cardiovascular risk factors when obese individuals lose weight , including decreases in blood pressure , and improvements in the lipid profile and glucose metabolism .
randomized trials and observational studies have conclusively shown a marked improvement in several cardiovascular risk factors when obese individuals lose weight , including [lowers] in blood pressure , and improvements in the lipid profile and glucose metabolism .

During the acute phase of inflammatory states , there are quantifiable increases in C-reactive protein , white blood cell count , and fibrinogen , and decreases in serum albumin [ 5–8 ] .
during the acute phase of inflammatory states , there are quantifiable increases in c-reactive protein , white blood cell count , and fibrinogen , and [lowers] in serum albumin [ 5–8 ] .

The patient whose case is described here was started on NPH at bedtime , which decreases overnight hepatic glucose production such that the patient begins the morning with near-normal glycemia for daytime oral therapy .
the patient whose case is described here was started on nph at bedtime , which [lowers] overnight hepatic glucose production such that the patient begins the morning with near-normal glycemia for daytime oral therapy .

This phenomenon could unravel in a similar way to that described in the article : As the polls drop a little , the pressure to agree with the majority decreases , and the numbers have the potential to drop precipitously .
this phenomenon could unravel in a similar way to that described in the article : as the polls drop a little , the pressure to agree with the majority [lowers] , and the numbers have the potential to drop precipitously .

The inside WP piece dwells mostly on the absence of a clear explanation for these decreases , while also noting two retrograde movements : There has n't been a significant crime drop among white suburban and rural teen-agers , and cities between 10,000 and 24,999 have experienced a murder increase .
the inside wp piece dwells mostly on the absence of a clear explanation for these [lowers] , while also noting two retrograde movements : there has n't been a significant crime drop among white suburban and rural teen-agers , and cities between 10,000 and 24,999 have experienced a murder increase .

The Journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` A $ 500 increase in taxes decreases the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their desire to marry because she does n't want to give the IRS an additional $ 3,700 .
the journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` a $ 500 increase in taxes [lowers] the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their desire to marry because she does n't want to give the irs an additional $ 3,700 .

When your weight falls , leptin decreases , hunger increases , and you eat more -- until you return to your weight setpoint .
when your weight falls , leptin [lowers] , hunger increases , and you eat more -- until you return to your weight setpoint .

Proponents of realignment argue that it exploits natural regional rivalries and decreases travel time for players .
proponents of realignment argue that it exploits natural regional rivalries and [lowers] travel time for players .

When the test is modified to allow phone conversation , the time required for assembly decreases dramatically .
when the test is modified to allow phone conversation , the time required for assembly [lowers] dramatically .

