But there will be still other countries where , despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help , we shall deem it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance .
but there will be still other countries where , despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help , we shall [consider] it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance .

Says Nina : ‘ If it 's a girl the courts often deem she needs her mum 's influence . But boys are thought to need a man around
says nina : ‘ if it 's a girl the courts often [consider] she needs her mum 's influence . but boys are thought to need a man around

The clearing banks , in addition , hold at the Bank whatever operational balances they deem necessary .
the clearing banks , in addition , hold at the bank whatever operational balances they [consider] necessary .

We are still eager to bestow riches beyond belief , each month , upon the author of a letter which we deem either brimming with astute observations or glowing with sharp wit .
we are still eager to bestow riches beyond belief , each month , upon the author of a letter which we [consider] either brimming with astute observations or glowing with sharp wit .

To note any excess in the numbers of any class of inmates which he may deem detrimental to health .
to note any excess in the numbers of any class of inmates which he may [consider] detrimental to health .

However , such performances can not be necessary conditions for such ascription , because of all those we would naturally deem conscious but who can not , for various reasons , provide them .
however , such performances can not be necessary conditions for such ascription , because of all those we would naturally [consider] conscious but who can not , for various reasons , provide them .

Why ? Because the tube bosses deem the posters political .
why ? because the tube bosses [consider] the posters political .

From such a perspective girls frequently appear as victims of the sexism in education apparent to others ( Brah and Deem , 1986 ) .
from such a perspective girls frequently appear as victims of the sexism in education apparent to others ( brah and [consider] , 1986 ) .

As Brah and Deem point out , Afro-Caribbean young women are stereotyped as ‘ pushy ’ , but achieve better in schools than their male counterparts .
as brah and [consider] point out , afro-caribbean young women are stereotyped as ‘ pushy ’ , but achieve better in schools than their male counterparts .

In her summing up Coleman reveals the ultimate poverty of a perspective which poses questions only to deem them unanswerable .
in her summing up coleman reveals the ultimate poverty of a perspective which poses questions only to [consider] them unanswerable .

The use of transistors has brought an improvement in this respect , but the quality of sound remains poor , especially in the cheaper instruments which some would deem to be more appropriate for the cocktail bar than for playing in church .
the use of transistors has brought an improvement in this respect , but the quality of sound remains poor , especially in the cheaper instruments which some would [consider] to be more appropriate for the cocktail bar than for playing in church .

Sharpe 1976 ; Deem 1978 ) have argued that the occupational segregation of men and women which takes place after education is completed is related to the subject segregation which takes place at school .
sharpe 1976 ; [consider] 1978 ) have argued that the occupational segregation of men and women which takes place after education is completed is related to the subject segregation which takes place at school .

There exists today `` , admitted Ben Tillett , `` a tendency for the men to down tools at what they deem justifiable provocation .
there exists today `` , admitted ben tillett , `` a tendency for the men to down tools at what they [consider] justifiable provocation .

‘ with such duties at such remuneration and upon such terms and conditions as the council shall deem fit provided that no academic officer shall be appointed except after consideration of a report from the senate . ’
‘ with such duties at such remuneration and upon such terms and conditions as the council shall [consider] fit provided that no academic officer shall be appointed except after consideration of a report from the senate . ’

18–1–1915 The Session had under consideration the question of the running of the public motor bus for pleasure on the Sabbath Day on certain occasions last summer , and the probability that such facilities may be increased this year , and instructed the Moderator to bring the matter to the notice of the Presbytery , with a View to the Presbytery taking such action as they may deem advisable to prevent such encroachment of the Lord 's Day .
18–1–1915 the session had under consideration the question of the running of the public motor bus for pleasure on the sabbath day on certain occasions last summer , and the probability that such facilities may be increased this year , and instructed the moderator to bring the matter to the notice of the presbytery , with a view to the presbytery taking such action as they may [consider] advisable to prevent such encroachment of the lord 's day .

( 6 ) Nothing in the Act or in the Convention prevents the Crown from facilitating the giving of evidence by its present or former officers or servants , subject to such conditions if any as it may deem appropriate , but the courts have no power to order anyone to give evidence in circumstances in which section 9 ( 4 ) applies .
( 6 ) nothing in the act or in the convention prevents the crown from facilitating the giving of evidence by its present or former officers or servants , subject to such conditions if any as it may [consider] appropriate , but the courts have no power to order anyone to give evidence in circumstances in which section 9 ( 4 ) applies .

This will depend on how accessible these people are , and on how effective are the gatekeepers whose role includes filtering out what they , or the influencer , deem to be undesirable or unnecessary information .
this will depend on how accessible these people are , and on how effective are the gatekeepers whose role includes filtering out what they , or the influencer , [consider] to be undesirable or unnecessary information .

Men teachers in particular find the various feminine strategies used by the girls difficult to cope with ; both sexes of teacher deem the boys to ‘ take their punishment better ’ and hence teachers prefer the immediate thrust and counter-thrust of the predictable encounters with boys to the longer drawn out ‘ deviousness ’ of the girls .
men teachers in particular find the various feminine strategies used by the girls difficult to cope with ; both sexes of teacher [consider] the boys to ‘ take their punishment better ’ and hence teachers prefer the immediate thrust and counter-thrust of the predictable encounters with boys to the longer drawn out ‘ deviousness ’ of the girls .

While girls are used to operating within a masculine frame of reference , boys object vociferously if presented with what they deem as ‘ girls ’ stuff ' .
while girls are used to operating within a masculine frame of reference , boys object vociferously if presented with what they [consider] as ‘ girls ’ stuff ' .

The Court could look at the facts before the Minister and if those were insufficient in law to support his determination then the Court would deem that it must have been arbitrary .
the court could look at the facts before the minister and if those were insufficient in law to support his determination then the court would [consider] that it must have been arbitrary .

We have already seen that when the courts deem a statutory term to be jurisdictional , whether it be a question of law or fact , they will substitute their view as to the meaning of the term for that of the decision-maker .
we have already seen that when the courts [consider] a statutory term to be jurisdictional , whether it be a question of law or fact , they will substitute their view as to the meaning of the term for that of the decision-maker .

The male mafia will close ranks and deem such a woman unstable , neurotic and quite unsuitable for responsibility .
the male mafia will close ranks and [consider] such a woman unstable , neurotic and quite unsuitable for responsibility .

As the police in both countries in recent years have relied increasingly on notions of professionalism to defend themselves against political attack , so police organizations have asserted themselves more publicly to promote not only their own organization , but also particular policies regarding law and order which they deem to be necessary .
as the police in both countries in recent years have relied increasingly on notions of professionalism to defend themselves against political attack , so police organizations have asserted themselves more publicly to promote not only their own organization , but also particular policies regarding law and order which they [consider] to be necessary .

It is significant that charity law was unable to accommodate the modern contemporary social welfare and recreational trusts that developed in the 1940s and 1950s and legislation had to be passed to deem them charitable , provided the public benefit element was there .
it is significant that charity law was unable to accommodate the modern contemporary social welfare and recreational trusts that developed in the 1940s and 1950s and legislation had to be passed to [consider] them charitable , provided the public benefit element was there .

have been in what the Institute shall deem to be a very responsible position for at least 5 years
have been in what the institute shall [consider] to be a very responsible position for at least 5 years

5.19 Statutory notices etc To give full particulars to the Landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the Premises made given or issued to the Tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the Landlord to produce it to the Landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the Landlord but at the cost of the Tenant to make or join with the Landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the Landlord shall deem expedient Seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .
5.19 statutory notices etc to give full particulars to the landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the premises made given or issued to the tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the landlord to produce it to the landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the landlord but at the cost of the tenant to make or join with the landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the landlord shall [consider] expedient seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .

and at the request and cost of the Landlord to make or join with the Landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the Landlord shall reasonably deem expedient except where the Tenant reasonably considers that any such objections or representations are against its best interests or those of any undertenant
and at the request and cost of the landlord to make or join with the landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the landlord shall reasonably [consider] expedient except where the tenant reasonably considers that any such objections or representations are against its best interests or those of any undertenant

7.3.2.2 the loss of Rent and Service Charge payable under this Lease from time to time ( having regard to any review of rent which may become due under this Lease ) for [ 3 ] years or such longer period as the Landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] [ consider to be sufficient or deem to be necessary ] for the purposes of the planning and carrying out the rebuilding or reinstatement
7.3.2.2 the loss of rent and service charge payable under this lease from time to time ( having regard to any review of rent which may become due under this lease ) for [ 3 ] years or such longer period as the landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] [ consider to be sufficient or [consider] to be necessary ] for the purposes of the planning and carrying out the rebuilding or reinstatement

Sometimes the insured risks are stated to be : fire and such other risks as the Landlord may from time to time deem it desirable to insure against This is clearly inadequate as there is an interrelationship between the insurance clause , the tenant 's repairing covenant and the proviso for suspension of rent .
sometimes the insured risks are stated to be : fire and such other risks as the landlord may from time to time [consider] it desirable to insure against this is clearly inadequate as there is an interrelationship between the insurance clause , the tenant 's repairing covenant and the proviso for suspension of rent .

The effect of the provisions is to deem the income to be that of the settlor , usually for all the purposes of income tax but sometimes only for the purposes of the higher rate of tax .
the effect of the provisions is to [consider] the income to be that of the settlor , usually for all the purposes of income tax but sometimes only for the purposes of the higher rate of tax .

Rather its provisions will deem the transfer to be treated as if it took place on an earlier specified date .
rather its provisions will [consider] the transfer to be treated as if it took place on an earlier specified date .

This is achieved by centralising control over fuel consumption , through extending managerial control by withdrawing from individuals customary freedoms to vary the environmental conditions they experience as , when and if they deem fit .
this is achieved by centralising control over fuel consumption , through extending managerial control by withdrawing from individuals customary freedoms to vary the environmental conditions they experience as , when and if they [consider] fit .

As Rosemary Deem makes clear in the article reproduced here , deliberate and formal distinctions between the education of boys and girls have been made until very recently and only brought formally to a halt through the 1975 Sex Discrimination Act .
as rosemary [consider] makes clear in the article reproduced here , deliberate and formal distinctions between the education of boys and girls have been made until very recently and only brought formally to a halt through the 1975 sex discrimination act .

Deem gives the example of cuts in teacher training , which had the effect of reducing the opportunities that had previously been available to large numbers of girls who had been considered by their teachers to be , as they put it to Michelle Stanworth , ‘ not university material ’ .
[consider] gives the example of cuts in teacher training , which had the effect of reducing the opportunities that had previously been available to large numbers of girls who had been considered by their teachers to be , as they put it to michelle stanworth , ‘ not university material ’ .

Deem 's concern is to explain these policy changes and to place them within their economic and political context .
[consider] 's concern is to explain these policy changes and to place them within their economic and political context .

( For a critique of Deem 's emphasis on the relations of capital rather than those of patriarchy , see Nava , 1980 ) .
( for a critique of [consider] 's emphasis on the relations of capital rather than those of patriarchy , see nava , 1980 ) .

Deem herself acknowledges that the match between policy decisions made at one level of government and what actually happens in the classroom may be less than perfect .
[consider] herself acknowledges that the match between policy decisions made at one level of government and what actually happens in the classroom may be less than perfect .

Two important books not mentioned in this introduction are Miriam David 's The State , the Family and Education ( 1980 ) , and Rosemary Deem , Women and Schooling ( 1978 ) , both written within a Marxist perspective .
two important books not mentioned in this introduction are miriam david 's the state , the family and education ( 1980 ) , and rosemary [consider] , women and schooling ( 1978 ) , both written within a marxist perspective .

to further or participate , financially or otherwise , directly or indirectly in the work of any organisation or in any other lawful purpose which the Executive Committee may deem beneficial to the Association ;
to further or participate , financially or otherwise , directly or indirectly in the work of any organisation or in any other lawful purpose which the executive committee may [consider] beneficial to the association ;

Yet these same people do not deem it improper to call on white people to get involved in other Black national , local or personal struggles , some of which reveal nasty aspects of oppression .
yet these same people do not [consider] it improper to call on white people to get involved in other black national , local or personal struggles , some of which reveal nasty aspects of oppression .

The answer is that airline-safety officials deem America to be far less at risk from terrorism than other places .
the answer is that airline-safety officials [consider] america to be far less at risk from terrorism than other places .

Based on the indications of interest , the shareholders , with the assistance of [ selling agent ] will , at their sole and absolute discretion , select a preferred party or parties who will be invited to perform such limited due diligence as they deem necessary in order to be able to make a binding offer .
based on the indications of interest , the shareholders , with the assistance of [ selling agent ] will , at their sole and absolute discretion , select a preferred party or parties who will be invited to perform such limited due diligence as they [consider] necessary in order to be able to make a binding offer .

The completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the Vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :
the completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the vendor 's accountants shall [consider] reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :

The completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the Vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :
the completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the vendor 's accountants shall [consider] reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :

in connection with an offer of securities , open for acceptance for a period fixed by the Directors , by way of rights to holders of Ordinary Shares in proportion ( as near as may be ) to their holdings on a record date fixed by the Directors ( subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with problems under the laws of any territory or the requirements of any regulatory body or any Stock Exchange in any territory or in connection with any fractional entitlements or otherwise howsoever ) ;
in connection with an offer of securities , open for acceptance for a period fixed by the directors , by way of rights to holders of ordinary shares in proportion ( as near as may be ) to their holdings on a record date fixed by the directors ( subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may [consider] necessary or expedient to deal with problems under the laws of any territory or the requirements of any regulatory body or any stock exchange in any territory or in connection with any fractional entitlements or otherwise howsoever ) ;

The commitment to ring fence for as long as necessary , as Baroness Hooper said in another place , will allow the Secretary of State arbitrarily to decide that , if he wishes to allocate the funds to some other project , he could deem the necessity to have ceased .
the commitment to ring fence for as long as necessary , as baroness hooper said in another place , will allow the secretary of state arbitrarily to decide that , if he wishes to allocate the funds to some other project , he could [consider] the necessity to have ceased .

The rose looks fair , but fairer we it deem
the rose looks fair , but fairer we it [consider]

An issue thoroughly investigated by Deem in Co-education Reconsidered .
an issue thoroughly investigated by [consider] in co-education reconsidered .

In Deem 's view , it is not surprising that the dominant gender code of schooling in Britain is that of strong classification since there is a strong sexual division of labour within British society .
in [consider] 's view , it is not surprising that the dominant gender code of schooling in britain is that of strong classification since there is a strong sexual division of labour within british society .

Importantly , in her evaluation of Clarricoates ' work , Deem points out that :
importantly , in her evaluation of clarricoates ' work , [consider] points out that :

New Right economists such as Lees , Friedman and Selsdon have argued that the model , with appropriate modifications , is applicable to health care , which they deem to be a consumption rather than an investment good ( the opposite view to that of Beveridge and the Fabian Socialists ) .
new right economists such as lees , friedman and selsdon have argued that the model , with appropriate modifications , is applicable to health care , which they [consider] to be a consumption rather than an investment good ( the opposite view to that of beveridge and the fabian socialists ) .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may [consider] relevant to such purpose .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may [consider] relevant to such purpose .

such other qualifications or experience as the Board or Fellows may from time to time deem appropriate .
such other qualifications or experience as the board or fellows may from time to time [consider] appropriate .

At its discretion the Tribunal may abridge or extend time limits specified in this paragraph as it may deem necessary .
at its discretion the tribunal may abridge or extend time limits specified in this paragraph as it may [consider] necessary .

However , one other rule was that the Committee ‘ may allow first-class caddies permission to play over the course occasionally at such times … as the committee may deem advisable ’ .
however , one other rule was that the committee ‘ may allow first-class caddies permission to play over the course occasionally at such times … as the committee may [consider] advisable ’ .

to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue in favour of the holders of ordinary shares where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of the ordinary shareholders are proportionate ( as nearly as may be ) to the respective numbers of ordinary shares held or deemed to be held by them , subject only to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements , legal or practical problems arising in any overseas territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depositary receipts , the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange , or any other matter ; and
to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue in favour of the holders of ordinary shares where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of the ordinary shareholders are proportionate ( as nearly as may be ) to the respective numbers of ordinary shares held or deemed to be held by them , subject only to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may [consider] necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements , legal or practical problems arising in any overseas territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depositary receipts , the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange , or any other matter ; and

To you , by such one or more of the following methods as we deem appropriate :
to you , by such one or more of the following methods as we [consider] appropriate :

Formal complaints will be lodged with the Food Minister where we deem it necessary .
formal complaints will be lodged with the food minister where we [consider] it necessary .

The service 's brief is extremely wide , and its members can , and do , act against any activity they deem ‘ hostile to the Socialist system and the interests of the working people ’ .
the service 's brief is extremely wide , and its members can , and do , act against any activity they [consider] ‘ hostile to the socialist system and the interests of the working people ’ .

It had to be , because Tories destroy those whom they deem disloyal .
it had to be , because tories destroy those whom they [consider] disloyal .

If it chooses war it may deem it necessary to attack Syria before the latter becomes more powerful , but in doing so it risks incurring unacceptably high casualties .
if it chooses war it may [consider] it necessary to attack syria before the latter becomes more powerful , but in doing so it risks incurring unacceptably high casualties .

Ray Floyd , having dumped his ball in it to help Faldo to the second of his titles , would not deem it so .
ray floyd , having dumped his ball in it to help faldo to the second of his titles , would not [consider] it so .

Common sense may deem this a highfalutin account of a quality possessed by every exciting story .
common sense may [consider] this a highfalutin account of a quality possessed by every exciting story .

But they could equally well deem Mr Lo 's proposals to enjoy popular support — since Mr Lo is , as it happens , vice-chairman of China 's own Basic Law Consultative Committee — and adopt those instead .
but they could equally well [consider] mr lo 's proposals to enjoy popular support — since mr lo is , as it happens , vice-chairman of china 's own basic law consultative committee — and adopt those instead .

Following the Rogers decision , an amendment was made to the law requiring LEAs to make such transport arrangements as they deem necessary for the purpose of facilitating the attendance of pupils at school .
following the rogers decision , an amendment was made to the law requiring leas to make such transport arrangements as they [consider] necessary for the purpose of facilitating the attendance of pupils at school .

Or deem 'd an Idiot , ever speaks the Wrong :
or [consider] 'd an idiot , ever speaks the wrong :

Since some people regard them as the ultimate madness and evil they deem it to be their moral right to break laws , mostly in a non-violent manner , as a form of protest .
since some people regard them as the ultimate madness and evil they [consider] it to be their moral right to break laws , mostly in a non-violent manner , as a form of protest .

The board of the faculty shall deem a student to have withdrawn from the University if the student has been absent without leave from prescribed instruction for a period of four weeks .
the board of the faculty shall [consider] a student to have withdrawn from the university if the student has been absent without leave from prescribed instruction for a period of four weeks .

The objects ( or designs ) depicted on shields — the charges — can be anything the armiger wishes and the granting kings of arms deem fit .
the objects ( or designs ) depicted on shields — the charges — can be anything the armiger wishes and the granting kings of arms [consider] fit .

The steward was not left to mourn that his bottles found no custom : there was treating and return treating , and one humble Highlander who could sing Gaelic songs was made the sink into which was poured the spirits bought by sundry odd pence ; and , to the satisfaction of those who deem it a noble accomplishment the filling a man drunk , this Celt was brought into that pitiable condition , and manifested the power of the spirits over his brain in rather a curious way , — he was for kissing all round .
the steward was not left to mourn that his bottles found no custom : there was treating and return treating , and one humble highlander who could sing gaelic songs was made the sink into which was poured the spirits bought by sundry odd pence ; and , to the satisfaction of those who [consider] it a noble accomplishment the filling a man drunk , this celt was brought into that pitiable condition , and manifested the power of the spirits over his brain in rather a curious way , — he was for kissing all round .

The corporations are also the development-control authority for the designated area , so they may thus determine planning applications made to them or deem themselves planning permission by resolution .
the corporations are also the development-control authority for the designated area , so they may thus determine planning applications made to them or [consider] themselves planning permission by resolution .

Wealth to those who deem it important has a destructive effect on happiness because thinking about money is demoralising .
wealth to those who [consider] it important has a destructive effect on happiness because thinking about money is demoralising .

Some analysts deem this “ the overstoring of America. ” Since the early 1980s , retailers have faced the growing costs associated with holding inventories of a wider variety of goods in a world increasingly characterized by industry overcapacity .
some analysts [consider] this “ the overstoring of america. ” since the early 1980s , retailers have faced the growing costs associated with holding inventories of a wider variety of goods in a world increasingly characterized by industry overcapacity .

The agency 's 1996 appropriation requires that , for certain purposes , the Federal Government `` deem accredited any postgraduate physician training program that would be accredited but for the accrediting agency 's reliance upon an accreditation standard that requires an entity to perform an induced abortion or require , provide , or refer for training in the performance of induced abortions , or make arrangements for such training .
the agency 's 1996 appropriation requires that , for certain purposes , the federal government `` [consider] accredited any postgraduate physician training program that would be accredited but for the accrediting agency 's reliance upon an accreditation standard that requires an entity to perform an induced abortion or require , provide , or refer for training in the performance of induced abortions , or make arrangements for such training .

General Anthony Zinni , the commander of Central Command ( CENTCOM ) , was designated as the President 's special envoy and sent to ask General Musharraf to `` take whatever action you deem necessary to resolve the Bin Laden problem at the earliest possible time . ''
general anthony zinni , the commander of central command ( centcom ) , was designated as the president 's special envoy and sent to ask general musharraf to `` take whatever action you [consider] necessary to resolve the bin laden problem at the earliest possible time . ''

The critics deem this `` shaky remake of a hoary King Kong knockoff '' ( Morgenstern ) mildly amusing .
the critics [consider] this `` shaky remake of a hoary king kong knockoff '' ( morgenstern ) mildly amusing .

Critics deem Hurt a much underrated talent and say his performance evokes the protagonist of Thomas Mann 's 1912 Death in Venice .
critics [consider] hurt a much underrated talent and say his performance evokes the protagonist of thomas mann 's 1912 death in venice .

Some deem it the `` funniest new series of the 1997-98 season '' ( People ) .
some [consider] it the `` funniest new series of the 1997-98 season '' ( people ) .

Despite raves for Robert Downey Jr. 's performance in director James Toback 's comedy , critics deem Two Girls bathetic .
despite raves for robert downey jr. 's performance in director james toback 's comedy , critics [consider] two girls bathetic .

Critics deem the hit show 's $ 60 million film adaptation a `` glorified TV episode '' ( Todd McCarthy , Variety ) .
critics [consider] the hit show 's $ 60 million film adaptation a `` glorified tv episode '' ( todd mccarthy , variety ) .

They deem its tone appropriately `` admiring but not worshipful '' ( Richard Bernstein , the New York Times ) .
they [consider] its tone appropriately `` admiring but not worshipful '' ( richard bernstein , the new york times ) .

Critics deem the roster free of surprises .
critics [consider] the roster free of surprises .

Appreciations deem the nine-season-old show the best of its era and a trenchant critique of late-20 th -century social mores .
appreciations [consider] the nine-season-old show the best of its era and a trenchant critique of late-20 th -century social mores .

Most critics take the opportunity to sum up Capote 's career : They recall with regret that Capote spent more time schmoozing than writing , and deem his work less memorable than his social appearances , particularly at his fabled 1966 `` Black and White Ball '' and on the Tonight Show .
most critics take the opportunity to sum up capote 's career : they recall with regret that capote spent more time schmoozing than writing , and [consider] his work less memorable than his social appearances , particularly at his fabled 1966 `` black and white ball '' and on the tonight show .

Pollitt and Sullivan alike deem me insensitive to the depth and complexity of the psyche , and Sullivan warmly endorses psychoanalyst Jonathan Lear 's admonition that we dare not reject Freud lest those qualities drop out of sight .
pollitt and sullivan alike [consider] me insensitive to the depth and complexity of the psyche , and sullivan warmly endorses psychoanalyst jonathan lear 's admonition that we dare not reject freud lest those qualities drop out of sight .

It 's painful to be living a life which both political spectrums deem as virtually un-American .
it 's painful to be living a life which both political spectrums [consider] as virtually un-american .

Hip-hop 's most innovative female artist turns in her second album , and critics deem it a worthy follow-up to her blockbuster platinum debut , Supa Dupa Fly ( 1997 ) .
hip-hop 's most innovative female artist turns in her second album , and critics [consider] it a worthy follow-up to her blockbuster platinum debut , supa dupa fly ( 1997 ) .

A few find the tales a bit too similar -- there is a theme throughout of the conflict between the warm southern temperament and the cold northern one -- but most deem the sameness unimportant when the writing is so superb .
a few find the tales a bit too similar -- there is a theme throughout of the conflict between the warm southern temperament and the cold northern one -- but most [consider] the sameness unimportant when the writing is so superb .

They do n't mention sex , the affair , or anything that ordinary people might deem private .
they do n't mention sex , the affair , or anything that ordinary people might [consider] private .

Critics deem the movie less metaphysical and more theme-parkish than its predecessors .
critics [consider] the movie less metaphysical and more theme-parkish than its predecessors .

Democrats ' `` patient-protection '' plans do slightly better but still do n't go far enough -- you would n't be able to choose your own doctor , and HMOs could still deny you treatment they deem too expensive .
democrats ' `` patient-protection '' plans do slightly better but still do n't go far enough -- you would n't be able to choose your own doctor , and hmos could still deny you treatment they [consider] too expensive .

Despite Volcano 's superior special effects , critics deem it inferior to the last volcano movie , Dante 's Peak .
despite volcano 's superior special effects , critics [consider] it inferior to the last volcano movie , dante 's peak .

Reviewers deem most vapid the heavy-handed exchanges about the meaning of life between Jodie Foster 's obsessed scientist and Matthew McConaughey 's New Agey priest .
reviewers [consider] most vapid the heavy-handed exchanges about the meaning of life between jodie foster 's obsessed scientist and matthew mcconaughey 's new agey priest .

An accompanying poll finds that 48 percent of respondents think the Clintons ' relationship is `` a practical business and political relationship , '' while 18 percent deem it `` a loving marriage that has troubles . ''
an accompanying poll finds that 48 percent of respondents think the clintons ' relationship is `` a practical business and political relationship , '' while 18 percent [consider] it `` a loving marriage that has troubles . ''

Apparently , the papers do n't deem this food for thought .
apparently , the papers do n't [consider] this food for thought .

Middle-class Americans do n't deem people of other faiths as wanting or immoral .
middle-class americans do n't [consider] people of other faiths as wanting or immoral .

If you 're afraid that people wo n't deem the benefit of your proposal to be worth the cost , do n't mention the cost .
if you 're afraid that people wo n't [consider] the benefit of your proposal to be worth the cost , do n't mention the cost .

If the network paradigm is as mature and superior as proponents claim , asks Gates , how can the government deem Microsoft an entrenched monopoly ?
if the network paradigm is as mature and superior as proponents claim , asks gates , how can the government [consider] microsoft an entrenched monopoly ?

The irony is that it would have been so much easier to deem Clinton 's offenses impeachable on their own terms .
the irony is that it would have been so much easier to [consider] clinton 's offenses impeachable on their own terms .

These two movies , along with the incomparable Speed 2 , make up what film historians may one day deem the improbability trilogy of all time .
these two movies , along with the incomparable speed 2 , make up what film historians may one day [consider] the improbability trilogy of all time .

In 1974 , the PLO renounced its support of terrorism , causing the Arab League , a council of the governments of 20 Arabic-speaking countries , to deem it the official representative of the Palestinians .
in 1974 , the plo renounced its support of terrorism , causing the arab league , a council of the governments of 20 arabic-speaking countries , to [consider] it the official representative of the palestinians .

Many historians also deem these trials unjust .
many historians also [consider] these trials unjust .

Another favorite Republican cause is the Small Business Administration , which exists to make loans to companies that banks deem nonviable .
another favorite republican cause is the small business administration , which exists to make loans to companies that banks [consider] nonviable .

While people may be extremely interested in details about any famous person 's sex life , they do n't deem that information particularly useful or relevant when casting their votes .
while people may be extremely interested in details about any famous person 's sex life , they do n't [consider] that information particularly useful or relevant when casting their votes .

If voters do n't deem personal lives politically relevant , there 's no justification for reporters invading people 's privacy to find out about them .
if voters do n't [consider] personal lives politically relevant , there 's no justification for reporters invading people 's privacy to find out about them .

In the CIDE the effort has been made to simplify such entries in limiting the number of senses dealt with by writing a few definitions -- fifteen , in the case of take -- that are intended to encompass semantically the basic range of meanings the editors deem to be required by typical users of the dictionary .
in the cide the effort has been made to simplify such entries in limiting the number of senses dealt with by writing a few definitions -- fifteen , in the case of take -- that are intended to encompass semantically the basic range of meanings the editors [consider] to be required by typical users of the dictionary .

That any one should for a moment deem it possible to derive stoat from A.-S. steort is a clear proof of the inability of the English mind to conceive that etymology obeys fixed laws .
that any one should for a moment [consider] it possible to derive stoat from a.-s. steort is a clear proof of the inability of the english mind to conceive that etymology obeys fixed laws .

