Paradoxically , the same week in which Senator McClellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation , the Civil Aeronautics Board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel , the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act .
paradoxically , the same week in which senator mcclellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation , the civil aeronautics board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel , the action would not be [considered] a violation of the anti-trust act .

Deemed too static when it was first heard in `` Lady Be Good '' in Philadelphia in 1924 , it was dropped from the score .
[considered] too static when it was first heard in `` lady be good '' in philadelphia in 1924 , it was dropped from the score .

Incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout Baptist , in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible .
incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout baptist , in spite of his friendship for the quaker poet john greenleaf whittier ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he [considered] their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the bible .

An action once universally condemned by all Christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant denominations , but also deemed , at certain times , to be a positive religious duty .
an action once universally condemned by all christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of protestant denominations , but also [considered] , at certain times , to be a positive religious duty .

Parker listed the remedies he deemed essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony .
parker listed the remedies he [considered] essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony .

Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest .
hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is [considered] essential to the national interest .

One of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion .
one of the most salient features of literary value has been [considered] to be its influence upon and organization of emotion .

Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress .
upon the expiration of a period [considered] adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by act of congress .

The Commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while deferring consideration and action on other items of the same claim .
the commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items [considered] to have been clearly established in an individual claim while deferring consideration and action on other items of the same claim .

Indeed , as already noted , the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between Du Pont and General Motors acted `` honorably and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies .
indeed , as already noted , the court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between du pont and general motors acted `` honorably and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they [considered] the best interests of their own companies .

Instead , all of the total costs are treated as variable costs , although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be functions of different variables .
instead , all of the total costs are treated as variable costs , although these costs are divided into costs that are [considered] to be functions of different variables .

Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .
moreover , whereas in interstate commerce commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost [considered] to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .

Here , an apportionment , say , of $5,000,000 of the total costs to residential service as a class would include an allowance of perhaps 6 per cent as the cost of whatever capital is deemed to have been devoted to the service of the residential consumers .
here , an apportionment , say , of $5,000,000 of the total costs to residential service as a class would include an allowance of perhaps 6 per cent as the cost of whatever capital is [considered] to have been devoted to the service of the residential consumers .

Thus , during any given year ( A ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( B ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( C ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent .
thus , during any given year ( a ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( b ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( c ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment [considered] devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent .

With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be deemed le mot juste for its context , because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow .
with a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be [considered] le mot juste for its context , because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow .

The problem for the travellers now is where to go next . As the law stands County Councils do not have to provide sites for people who are not deemed to be traditional travellers — or gypsies :
the problem for the travellers now is where to go next . as the law stands county councils do not have to provide sites for people who are not [considered] to be traditional travellers — or gypsies :

She also hinted that the package may include a loosening of the benefit rules so that the long-term unemployed may take education or training courses to prepare for new jobs without being deemed to have made themselves unavailable for work .
she also hinted that the package may include a loosening of the benefit rules so that the long-term unemployed may take education or training courses to prepare for new jobs without being [considered] to have made themselves unavailable for work .

Far too many still favour the shock tactics of getting those who are no longer deemed useful out of the door as fast as possible — and good riddance .
far too many still favour the shock tactics of getting those who are no longer [considered] useful out of the door as fast as possible — and good riddance .

If there is a product which , by its association with a particular country or region , is deemed to offer a guarantee of authenticity and excellence , then this will influence the consumer mightily .
if there is a product which , by its association with a particular country or region , is [considered] to offer a guarantee of authenticity and excellence , then this will influence the consumer mightily .

She had been allowed to have only those boyfriends whom her parents deemed suitable .
she had been allowed to have only those boyfriends whom her parents [considered] suitable .

The material taken out of the higher point of the site was deemed unsuitable for use at the lower end .
the material taken out of the higher point of the site was [considered] unsuitable for use at the lower end .

The rain at this end of the island tends to die off towards the end of March , but it has certainly damaged pitches including that at the Government Stadium , which Paterson reckoned would be deemed unplayable by most clubs in Scotland .
the rain at this end of the island tends to die off towards the end of march , but it has certainly damaged pitches including that at the government stadium , which paterson reckoned would be [considered] unplayable by most clubs in scotland .

It was n't a dirty game but there were dozens of irritating fouls , several feuds and Jackson was booked for returning the ball to the referee with what the official deemed to be undue vigour .
it was n't a dirty game but there were dozens of irritating fouls , several feuds and jackson was booked for returning the ball to the referee with what the official [considered] to be undue vigour .

Of the squad , Mark Appleson was moving much more freely after his back problems but both Tony Stanger ( blistered feet ) and Gregor Townsend ( groin ) did not complete the session , though that was deemed a precaution .
of the squad , mark appleson was moving much more freely after his back problems but both tony stanger ( blistered feet ) and gregor townsend ( groin ) did not complete the session , though that was [considered] a precaution .

The government agency withdrew facilities for 160 centres countrywide , because the beef they handled was deemed below the required level .
the government agency withdrew facilities for 160 centres countrywide , because the beef they handled was [considered] below the required level .

Generally speaking , this is deemed to provide some clue as to one 's destiny .
generally speaking , this is [considered] to provide some clue as to one 's destiny .

But the Jockey Club 's director of public affairs , David Pipe , said : ‘ The jockeys fail to realise that in this day and age , public opinion is fairly powerful and they are in danger of becoming the subject of private cruelty prosecutions if they are deemed to have broken our rules .
but the jockey club 's director of public affairs , david pipe , said : ‘ the jockeys fail to realise that in this day and age , public opinion is fairly powerful and they are in danger of becoming the subject of private cruelty prosecutions if they are [considered] to have broken our rules .

Why Mr Jones did n't book him for what could have been deemed incitement in front of Newcastle 's followers will remain a mystery along with his dropball doodle-bug .
why mr jones did n't book him for what could have been [considered] incitement in front of newcastle 's followers will remain a mystery along with his dropball doodle-bug .

‘ It was too close to the ship 's munitions and therefore it was deemed necessary to abandon ship .
‘ it was too close to the ship 's munitions and therefore it was [considered] necessary to abandon ship .

He has n't been humble , he has n't grovelled , he is deemed to be arrogant — if he is , it 's probably that inner confidence which has brought him through his ordeal with such sanity and poise .
he has n't been humble , he has n't grovelled , he is [considered] to be arrogant — if he is , it 's probably that inner confidence which has brought him through his ordeal with such sanity and poise .

The sets looked beautiful , reminiscent of Turner 's ‘ January ’ Scottish pictures , and Lucia was deemed an astounding success .
the sets looked beautiful , reminiscent of turner 's ‘ january ’ scottish pictures , and lucia was [considered] an astounding success .

Traditionally the seven awards have always been deemed to have been of equal value , but the interesting possibilities suggested by all of these short listed designs is the building in of individuality to awards which will closely resemble each other without being formally identical .
traditionally the seven awards have always been [considered] to have been of equal value , but the interesting possibilities suggested by all of these short listed designs is the building in of individuality to awards which will closely resemble each other without being formally identical .

Strangely , when Tir Na Nog prizewinners were announced this week , no book was deemed worthy of the English language prize .
strangely , when tir na nog prizewinners were announced this week , no book was [considered] worthy of the english language prize .

Jackie Simms of Middlesbrough and Richard Cook of Malton , North Yorkshire , were deemed ‘ local heroes ’ at a star-studded celebrity event .
jackie simms of middlesbrough and richard cook of malton , north yorkshire , were [considered] ‘ local heroes ’ at a star-studded celebrity event .

Time is running out because she is in her forties and has been told she only has about 18 months in which to become pregnant before she will be deemed too old .
time is running out because she is in her forties and has been told she only has about 18 months in which to become pregnant before she will be [considered] too old .

The farmer 's tied him to the fence to stop him butting the sheep and that 's deemed to be cruel .
the farmer 's tied him to the fence to stop him butting the sheep and that 's [considered] to be cruel .

And he is really responsible for bringing the three , because they deemed us a worthy cause when they saw er the work that we were doing , to perform free for us that evening in order to boost our funds .
and he is really responsible for bringing the three , because they [considered] us a worthy cause when they saw er the work that we were doing , to perform free for us that evening in order to boost our funds .

The George Hotel is deemed of little architectural importance by the Council , but the protestors say it 's a historic landmark .
the george hotel is [considered] of little architectural importance by the council , but the protestors say it 's a historic landmark .

Then each discharger made application for consent and simply by applying was ‘ deemed ’ to have it . Was n't this a shameful state of affairs in a civilised country ?
then each discharger made application for consent and simply by applying was ‘ [considered] ’ to have it . was n't this a shameful state of affairs in a civilised country ?

Those ‘ deemed ’ consents are being converted into ‘ determined ’ consents containing specific conditions to prevent environmental damage .
those ‘ [considered] ’ consents are being converted into ‘ determined ’ consents containing specific conditions to prevent environmental damage .

Jones ' dismissal was deemed sufficient punishment , leaving him free to play in Sunday 's Regal Trophy tie against Dewsbury .
jones ' dismissal was [considered] sufficient punishment , leaving him free to play in sunday 's regal trophy tie against dewsbury .

The annual award is for the trainee deemed to have made the greatest contribution to the Trainee Solicitors Group .
the annual award is for the trainee [considered] to have made the greatest contribution to the trainee solicitors group .

Characteristics of a good exhibition were deemed to be :
characteristics of a good exhibition were [considered] to be :

Characteristics of a good exhibitor were deemed to be :
characteristics of a good exhibitor were [considered] to be :

Refreshment facilities on the stand are good attractors , and from the results of the study this was deemed to be a major drawing force .
refreshment facilities on the stand are good attractors , and from the results of the study this was [considered] to be a major drawing force .

One of the company 's washing machines had been featured on a well-known consumer affairs television programme , and some of the selling tactics used by Argent Distributors ' salespersons were deemed to be rather suspect .
one of the company 's washing machines had been featured on a well-known consumer affairs television programme , and some of the selling tactics used by argent distributors ' salespersons were [considered] to be rather suspect .

‘ The trouble is , the music industry today is so sad and pathetic that if Bob Dylan started a career today , he 'd be deemed a Woodie Guthrie wannabe , instead of them saying what amazing songs he 's written .
‘ the trouble is , the music industry today is so sad and pathetic that if bob dylan started a career today , he 'd be [considered] a woodie guthrie wannabe , instead of them saying what amazing songs he 's written .

The attempt to bring the moran system under administrative control was deemed a failure , and policy in Kenya shifted once again in the direction of abolition .
the attempt to bring the moran system under administrative control was [considered] a failure , and policy in kenya shifted once again in the direction of abolition .

Some stolen stock was allowed to be recovered by the traditional method — not , it can be imagined , without amusement on the part of the Masai , who had spent forty years resisting the government 's efforts to abolish that fighting spirit which was now deemed so commendable .
some stolen stock was allowed to be recovered by the traditional method — not , it can be imagined , without amusement on the part of the masai , who had spent forty years resisting the government 's efforts to abolish that fighting spirit which was now [considered] so commendable .

But in practice he found himself able to control the Residents only by appointing men he deemed to be sufficiently compliant , an expedient to which he resorted when Temple retired prematurely from the service in 1917 .
but in practice he found himself able to control the residents only by appointing men he [considered] to be sufficiently compliant , an expedient to which he resorted when temple retired prematurely from the service in 1917 .

In his view , it was the Resident , and the Resident alone , whose task it was to guide the emir along the path of material progress — if such indeed were deemed to be desired .
in his view , it was the resident , and the resident alone , whose task it was to guide the emir along the path of material progress — if such indeed were [considered] to be desired .

And conversely , in the exalté atmosphere of Northern Nigeria , a Resident who admitted defeat at the hands of his emir was deemed to be guilty of two unpardonable sins : he disgraced by his ineptitude the good name of the British Colonial Service ; and he brought the whole principle of local administrative autonomy into disrepute .
and conversely , in the exalté atmosphere of northern nigeria , a resident who admitted defeat at the hands of his emir was [considered] to be guilty of two unpardonable sins : he disgraced by his ineptitude the good name of the british colonial service ; and he brought the whole principle of local administrative autonomy into disrepute .

The Tory campaign in this ward had begun by placing emphasis on everything that was deemed a threat to the mortgaged bliss of privatised nuclear family-life — gypsies , black muggers , Bernie Grant , the Lesbian and Gay Unit .
the tory campaign in this ward had begun by placing emphasis on everything that was [considered] a threat to the mortgaged bliss of privatised nuclear family-life — gypsies , black muggers , bernie grant , the lesbian and gay unit .

There was a period when deviants were publicly humiliated and self-confessions , accompanied with displays of repentance , were deemed necessary rungs in the ladder towards social reintegration .
there was a period when deviants were publicly humiliated and self-confessions , accompanied with displays of repentance , were [considered] necessary rungs in the ladder towards social reintegration .

If you are known to be seeing a shrink you are deemed to be going round the bend .
if you are known to be seeing a shrink you are [considered] to be going round the bend .

These are just some of the excuses you 'll hear after what 's deemed a ‘ bad ’ cover .
these are just some of the excuses you 'll hear after what 's [considered] a ‘ bad ’ cover .

Mrs Johnson also suffered a reduction in net pay and increased travelling time and was therefore deemed entitled to redundancy pay by the tribunal .
mrs johnson also suffered a reduction in net pay and increased travelling time and was therefore [considered] entitled to redundancy pay by the tribunal .

In the main , employees who refuse to accept alternative employment which requires them to move house are unlikely to be deemed as refusing it unreasonably. for instance in Rose v. Shelley and Partners Ltd , Mr Rose 's refusal to accept employment some 60 miles away from his home was held to be a reasonable refusal .
in the main , employees who refuse to accept alternative employment which requires them to move house are unlikely to be [considered] as refusing it unreasonably. for instance in rose v. shelley and partners ltd , mr rose 's refusal to accept employment some 60 miles away from his home was held to be a reasonable refusal .

There were other things she had to do in her life , things forces beyond the reach of her mind deemed important .
there were other things she had to do in her life , things forces beyond the reach of her mind [considered] important .

No documentary evidence exists to establish whether Claude actually traded his wines , and since a Champagne house deals essentially in the commerce of wines , the house of Gosset is deemed to have commenced with a Pierre Gosset from a later generation in 1584 , who both made and sold his wines .
no documentary evidence exists to establish whether claude actually traded his wines , and since a champagne house deals essentially in the commerce of wines , the house of gosset is [considered] to have commenced with a pierre gosset from a later generation in 1584 , who both made and sold his wines .

Designed in close co-operation with engineers , ergonomic experts and orthopaedic specialists , it achieves what could be deemed the impossible ; you 'll be relaxed yet alert .
designed in close co-operation with engineers , ergonomic experts and orthopaedic specialists , it achieves what could be [considered] the impossible ; you 'll be relaxed yet alert .

These questions must be addressed , even if they can not be precisely answered ; simply raising them has an effect on the way old people are viewed and the action which it is deemed appropriate to take .
these questions must be addressed , even if they can not be precisely answered ; simply raising them has an effect on the way old people are viewed and the action which it is [considered] appropriate to take .

In what is the accepted and , in-deed , only acceptable view , the underclass is deemed the source of its own succour and well-being ; in the extreme view , it requires the spur of its own poverty , and it will be damaged by any social assistance and support .
in what is the accepted and , in-deed , only acceptable view , the underclass is [considered] the source of its own succour and well-being ; in the extreme view , it requires the spur of its own poverty , and it will be damaged by any social assistance and support .

Patients aged 18 or over are deemed legally responsible for their own actions , and it is often with great reluctance that they will agree to see a doctor and possibly begin treatment or undergo admission to hospital .
patients aged 18 or over are [considered] legally responsible for their own actions , and it is often with great reluctance that they will agree to see a doctor and possibly begin treatment or undergo admission to hospital .

, were deemed to be high enough , might it be economically efficient to subsidise firms to take on such labour .
, were [considered] to be high enough , might it be economically efficient to subsidise firms to take on such labour .

He or she will then discuss the case with all those deemed necessary in the best interests of the child .
he or she will then discuss the case with all those [considered] necessary in the best interests of the child .

Other than for the first flight of the day , engine run-ups are not deemed necessary because the aircraft 's engines are almost always warm , so off-chock to take-off times are often three minutes or less .
other than for the first flight of the day , engine run-ups are not [considered] necessary because the aircraft 's engines are almost always warm , so off-chock to take-off times are often three minutes or less .

The point is , however ‘ negative ’ their representations may be deemed to be , both Kalin and Araki are dealing with three-dimensional fully fledged characters with emotions and motivations — not cartoon cyphers of the paranoid heterosexual imagination .
the point is , however ‘ negative ’ their representations may be [considered] to be , both kalin and araki are dealing with three-dimensional fully fledged characters with emotions and motivations — not cartoon cyphers of the paranoid heterosexual imagination .

But really , to lay what might be deemed a ‘ soulful ’ voice over a track this jerky and irritating is a dunder-headed thing to do .
but really , to lay what might be [considered] a ‘ soulful ’ voice over a track this jerky and irritating is a dunder-headed thing to do .

But might he actually side with Balliol now , if he deemed his cause in the ascendant ?
but might he actually side with balliol now , if he [considered] his cause in the ascendant ?

Only his rash brother , the Lord Edward , forced him to it , ’ and he glanced over at the Earl of Carrick , the said Lord Edward Bruce 's second son , who had now deemed it judicious to desert the Balliol cause .
only his rash brother , the lord edward , forced him to it , ’ and he glanced over at the earl of carrick , the said lord edward bruce 's second son , who had now [considered] it judicious to desert the balliol cause .

The Carrier contracts for itself and as agent of and trustee for its servants and agents and all other carriers referred to in ( 2 ) above and such other carrier 's servants and agents and every reference in Conditions 3–17 inclusive hereof to ‘ The Carrier ’ shall be deemed to include every such other carrier , servant and agent with the intention that they shall have the benefit of the Contract and collectively and together with the Carrier be under no greater liability to the Trader or any other party than is the Carrier hereunder .
the carrier contracts for itself and as agent of and trustee for its servants and agents and all other carriers referred to in ( 2 ) above and such other carrier 's servants and agents and every reference in conditions 3–17 inclusive hereof to ‘ the carrier ’ shall be [considered] to include every such other carrier , servant and agent with the intention that they shall have the benefit of the contract and collectively and together with the carrier be under no greater liability to the trader or any other party than is the carrier hereunder .

If no safe and adequate access or no adequate unloading facilities there exist then transit shall be deemed to end at the expiry of one clear day after notice in writing ( or by telephone if so previously agreed in writing ) of the arrival of the Consignment at the Carrier 's premises has been sent to the consignee ; and
if no safe and adequate access or no adequate unloading facilities there exist then transit shall be [considered] to end at the expiry of one clear day after notice in writing ( or by telephone if so previously agreed in writing ) of the arrival of the consignment at the carrier 's premises has been sent to the consignee ; and

when for any other reason whatever a Consignment can not be delivered or when a Consignment is held by the Carrier ‘ to await order ’ or ‘ to be kept till called for ’ or upon any like instructions and such instructions are not given or the Consignment is not called for and removed , within a reasonable time , then transit shall be deemed to end .
when for any other reason whatever a consignment can not be delivered or when a consignment is held by the carrier ‘ to await order ’ or ‘ to be kept till called for ’ or upon any like instructions and such instructions are not given or the consignment is not called for and removed , within a reasonable time , then transit shall be [considered] to end .

The Trader shall be deemed to have elected to accept the terms set out in ( 2 ) of this Condition unless , before the transit commences , the Trader has agreed in writing that the Carrier shall not be liable for any loss or misdelivery of or damage to goods however or whenever caused and whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the Carrier .
the trader shall be [considered] to have elected to accept the terms set out in ( 2 ) of this condition unless , before the transit commences , the trader has agreed in writing that the carrier shall not be liable for any loss or misdelivery of or damage to goods however or whenever caused and whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the carrier .

The Carrier shall not in any circumstances be liable for loss of or damage to goods after transit of such goods is deemed to have ended within the meaning of Condition 6(2) hereof , whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the Carrier .
the carrier shall not in any circumstances be liable for loss of or damage to goods after transit of such goods is [considered] to have ended within the meaning of condition 6(2) hereof , whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the carrier .

The haulier needs to make a clear distinction , because if a driver is deemed in reality to be an employee , he is protected by the employment legislation .
the haulier needs to make a clear distinction , because if a driver is [considered] in reality to be an employee , he is protected by the employment legislation .

Section 123 ( 1 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .
section 123 ( 1 ) of the insolvency act 1986 provides that a company is [considered] unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .

Two other ways in which a company is deemed unable to pay its debts must be mentioned :
two other ways in which a company is [considered] unable to pay its debts must be mentioned :

If the time was deemed to be right , if the prospective bride had accepted and the parents had chosen a time , he would be married , that was sure .
if the time was [considered] to be right , if the prospective bride had accepted and the parents had chosen a time , he would be married , that was sure .

Indeed , their hire was taken for granted , and it would have been deemed a curious request had a client expressed a view to buy them .
indeed , their hire was taken for granted , and it would have been [considered] a curious request had a client expressed a view to buy them .

Note : For the purposes of this survey Altrincham is deemed to include both Altrincham itself and the neighbouring districts of Bowdon and Hale for whom Altrincham is the natural shopping centre .
note : for the purposes of this survey altrincham is [considered] to include both altrincham itself and the neighbouring districts of bowdon and hale for whom altrincham is the natural shopping centre .

In December , a software firm in Osaka whose product was deemed ‘ obscene ’ by the powers that be was raided and its stock of ultra-graphic porn ‘ games ’ confiscated .
in december , a software firm in osaka whose product was [considered] ‘ obscene ’ by the powers that be was raided and its stock of ultra-graphic porn ‘ games ’ confiscated .

Five times the size of Rutland , Buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : numerous reductions in the Chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in Buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .
five times the size of rutland , buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : numerous reductions in the chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned [considered] it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .

On March 2nd 1872 , a letter came from the Mayor saying that the Corporation 's building would be ready in a few days and that they would be willing to receive patients under ‘ such arrangements as may be deemed best adapted to check the progress of the epidemic ’ .
on march 2nd 1872 , a letter came from the mayor saying that the corporation 's building would be ready in a few days and that they would be willing to receive patients under ‘ such arrangements as may be [considered] best adapted to check the progress of the epidemic ’ .

It has to be emphasised that the committee worked always in the shadow of the law : Section 132 of the Public Health Act 1875 had said that any expenses incurred by a local authority in maintaining in a hospital a patient who is not a pauper , should be deemed to be a debt due from such patient to the local authority , and could be recovered from him at any time within six months after his discharge from the hospital .
it has to be emphasised that the committee worked always in the shadow of the law : section 132 of the public health act 1875 had said that any expenses incurred by a local authority in maintaining in a hospital a patient who is not a pauper , should be [considered] to be a debt due from such patient to the local authority , and could be recovered from him at any time within six months after his discharge from the hospital .

They also require continuing support in those inter-professional consultation skills which can preserve them from being left ‘ stranded , resented and counter-productively ( deemed to be ) bearers of answers to problems which the rest of the staff could be helped to resolve for themselves ’ ( Sayer 1987 ) .
they also require continuing support in those inter-professional consultation skills which can preserve them from being left ‘ stranded , resented and counter-productively ( [considered] to be ) bearers of answers to problems which the rest of the staff could be helped to resolve for themselves ’ ( sayer 1987 ) .

During his long reign the White Tower of Hoeth was constructed on a spot deemed auspicious by geomancers .
during his long reign the white tower of hoeth was constructed on a spot [considered] auspicious by geomancers .

To some , state or proprietorial interference may be deemed ‘ improper ’ interference but to others an editor 's pursuit of the liberal-middle ground may be an equal misuse of hierarchical power .
to some , state or proprietorial interference may be [considered] ‘ improper ’ interference but to others an editor 's pursuit of the liberal-middle ground may be an equal misuse of hierarchical power .

In the absence of detailed empirical data with which to substantiate the process by which ‘ ownership ’ translates into ‘ control ’ , such propositions can only be deemed ‘ assertions ’ .
in the absence of detailed empirical data with which to substantiate the process by which ‘ ownership ’ translates into ‘ control ’ , such propositions can only be [considered] ‘ assertions ’ .

The tax year runs from 6 April to 5 April the following year , so the amount of tax you pay in any one year is calculated on the income you receive ( or are deemed to have received ) between these two dates .
the tax year runs from 6 april to 5 april the following year , so the amount of tax you pay in any one year is calculated on the income you receive ( or are [considered] to have received ) between these two dates .

In Britain , the doctors collectively have by and large retained the right to determine what conditions shall be deemed ‘ medical ’ , and , as individual practitioners , what treatment any given patient will receive .
in britain , the doctors collectively have by and large retained the right to determine what conditions shall be [considered] ‘ medical ’ , and , as individual practitioners , what treatment any given patient will receive .

As yet we have no agreed criteria for how much disruption a single lesion needs to cause for the system to be deemed interactive , although common sense suggests that an interactive system would be much more vulnerable to disruption than the brain appears to be .
as yet we have no agreed criteria for how much disruption a single lesion needs to cause for the system to be [considered] interactive , although common sense suggests that an interactive system would be much more vulnerable to disruption than the brain appears to be .

The degree to which detailed descriptions of the human Umwelt are deemed relevant to animal Umwelten depends on one 's view of philosophical semantics .
the degree to which detailed descriptions of the human umwelt are [considered] relevant to animal umwelten depends on one 's view of philosophical semantics .

This much had been confided to him ; and he had deemed it discreet to pry no further — had been persuaded of the wisdom of discretion .
this much had been confided to him ; and he had [considered] it discreet to pry no further — had been persuaded of the wisdom of discretion .

He only used spanners and gauges , scorning the runes or litanies which all other techs deemed so essential to woo the spirit of a machine .
he only used spanners and gauges , scorning the runes or litanies which all other techs [considered] so essential to woo the spirit of a machine .

This alternative was also deemed impossible in the limited time available .
this alternative was also [considered] impossible in the limited time available .

It is only then that they will be deemed ready to report to the flying squadron .
it is only then that they will be [considered] ready to report to the flying squadron .

One of the major distinctions between the different approaches to language description already discussed concerns the extent to which it is deemed appropriate to regard language behaviour as being a reflection of an underlying knowledge base .
one of the major distinctions between the different approaches to language description already discussed concerns the extent to which it is [considered] appropriate to regard language behaviour as being a reflection of an underlying knowledge base .

It depended on our signing indemnity waivers , freeing the military authorities from responsibility should we be blown to smithereens by the unexploded shells then deemed to be scattered freely across both Range West and Range East .
it depended on our signing indemnity waivers , freeing the military authorities from responsibility should we be blown to smithereens by the unexploded shells then [considered] to be scattered freely across both range west and range east .

The sociology of knowledge was deemed to have a role in grasping the social basis of knowledge but this task was to be clearly distinguished from any comment on the validity of knowledge .
the sociology of knowledge was [considered] to have a role in grasping the social basis of knowledge but this task was to be clearly distinguished from any comment on the validity of knowledge .

Mergers are generally viewed favourably , except for a limited number deemed to be ‘ against the public interest ’ .
mergers are generally viewed favourably , except for a limited number [considered] to be ‘ against the public interest ’ .

Although British merger policy has lacked consistency and coherence , it has been based on the principle that mergers which are deemed to be ‘ against the public interest ’ should be prevented .
although british merger policy has lacked consistency and coherence , it has been based on the principle that mergers which are [considered] to be ‘ against the public interest ’ should be prevented .

The privatisation of Jaguar , formerly part of British Leyland , was deemed to be a great success ( although the company ran into difficulties later — refer to Chapter 4 , page 76 ) .
the privatisation of jaguar , formerly part of british leyland , was [considered] to be a great success ( although the company ran into difficulties later — refer to chapter 4 , page 76 ) .

What he had not bargained for was that the ‘ fusion ’ cell would be deemed a radioactive hazard and so be prevented from getting the urgent clearance for transport across international borders .
what he had not bargained for was that the ‘ fusion ’ cell would be [considered] a radioactive hazard and so be prevented from getting the urgent clearance for transport across international borders .

The paper ( published in volume 261 , page 301 of the journal ) contained a table of numbers for excess heat from the few cells that had measured ‘ positive ’ but gave no details of how many cells had balanced , or in their definition were deemed to be ‘ dead ’ .
the paper ( published in volume 261 , page 301 of the journal ) contained a table of numbers for excess heat from the few cells that had measured ‘ positive ’ but gave no details of how many cells had balanced , or in their definition were [considered] to be ‘ dead ’ .

It was deemed unnecessary , though , as Johann Styger held his own against Jeff Probyn at Bristol .
it was [considered] unnecessary , though , as johann styger held his own against jeff probyn at bristol .

The stewards deemed the interference accidental .
the stewards [considered] the interference accidental .

He deemed it unwise to push the matter while she was clearly still in a state of emotional shock .
he [considered] it unwise to push the matter while she was clearly still in a state of emotional shock .

For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( a ) to ( k ) of paragraph ( 4 ) of this regulation , where a mechanically propelled vehicle is used on a public road by virtue of a trade licence and that vehicle is drawing a trailer , the vehicle and trailer shall be deemed to constitute a single vehicle .
for the purposes of sub-paragraph ( a ) to ( k ) of paragraph ( 4 ) of this regulation , where a mechanically propelled vehicle is used on a public road by virtue of a trade licence and that vehicle is drawing a trailer , the vehicle and trailer shall be [considered] to constitute a single vehicle .

At least one globe at the crossing should show a flashing light for the crossing to be deemed lawful .
at least one globe at the crossing should show a flashing light for the crossing to be [considered] lawful .

Jane Fonda 's New Workout was deemed out of date with risky exercises and lots of jogging and bouncing movements .
jane fonda 's new workout was [considered] out of date with risky exercises and lots of jogging and bouncing movements .

But one of two new rulings deemed experimental for one season , is dividing the rugby world .
but one of two new rulings [considered] experimental for one season , is dividing the rugby world .

Under the rules he was deemed to have disqualified himself .
under the rules he was [considered] to have disqualified himself .

Would first statements made up to 28 February 1994 be deemed to exceed 18 months ?
would first statements made up to 28 february 1994 be [considered] to exceed 18 months ?

As the taxpayer was deemed to have the beneficial interest in that part of the interest in possession vested in the company , the property transferred was not shares but the vested interest in possession and so para 15 ( 3 ) ( ba ) , Sch 6 did not apply .
as the taxpayer was [considered] to have the beneficial interest in that part of the interest in possession vested in the company , the property transferred was not shares but the vested interest in possession and so para 15 ( 3 ) ( ba ) , sch 6 did not apply .

The Crown applied to the Outer House of the Court of Session to quash the ruling , contending that the evidence it had tried to present had to be deemed relevant , even if not determinative or of very great weight .
the crown applied to the outer house of the court of session to quash the ruling , contending that the evidence it had tried to present had to be [considered] relevant , even if not determinative or of very great weight .

Deemed disposal
[considered] disposal

When the General Commissioners reviewed the facts , they had regarded three matters as important : first , that the storage racking was bolted to the floor for safety purposes — the Commissioners took the view that there was no distinction between the racking ( which was plant ) and the platform ; second , that members of the public were rarely admitted to the platform which was essentially for storage ; and , third , that , although the platforms were large , there were cases where very large structures had been deemed to be plant .
when the general commissioners reviewed the facts , they had regarded three matters as important : first , that the storage racking was bolted to the floor for safety purposes — the commissioners took the view that there was no distinction between the racking ( which was plant ) and the platform ; second , that members of the public were rarely admitted to the platform which was essentially for storage ; and , third , that , although the platforms were large , there were cases where very large structures had been [considered] to be plant .

In 1819 the Board of Kandyan Commissioners stated that this ‘ practice is sanctioned by such long usage that , until by some proclamation it is declared illegal , it might be deemed harsh to visit the act by punishment .
in 1819 the board of kandyan commissioners stated that this ‘ practice is sanctioned by such long usage that , until by some proclamation it is declared illegal , it might be [considered] harsh to visit the act by punishment .

Implementation of the charge to capital gains on an annual deemed disposal of life offices ' holdings in authorised unit trusts , and interests in certain offshore funds , has been postponed for a year ( p 98 ) .
implementation of the charge to capital gains on an annual [considered] disposal of life offices ' holdings in authorised unit trusts , and interests in certain offshore funds , has been postponed for a year ( p 98 ) .

Surely accountants should be seeking to give their clients value for money and if the audit of a small company is deemed to be of very little value , then how can we in all conscience — justify the charging of substantial fees for such a service .
surely accountants should be seeking to give their clients value for money and if the audit of a small company is [considered] to be of very little value , then how can we in all conscience — justify the charging of substantial fees for such a service .

There is an exception where there are no records and this is deemed reasonable in the circumstances .
there is an exception where there are no records and this is [considered] reasonable in the circumstances .

Implementation of the charge to capital gains on an annual deemed disposal of life offices ' holdings in authorised unit trusts , and interests in certain offshore funds , has been postponed for a year .
implementation of the charge to capital gains on an annual [considered] disposal of life offices ' holdings in authorised unit trusts , and interests in certain offshore funds , has been postponed for a year .

The deemed annual charge applies only to those holdings referable to basic life and general annuity business .
the [considered] annual charge applies only to those holdings referable to basic life and general annuity business .

However , as most life assurance companies have undivided funds , the application of the usual part disposal rules to calculate the deemed gain has the effect , where values have risen , of reducing the subsequent base cost of the chargeable element of the holding .
however , as most life assurance companies have undivided funds , the application of the usual part disposal rules to calculate the [considered] gain has the effect , where values have risen , of reducing the subsequent base cost of the chargeable element of the holding .

The amendments propose to compute the gain on the deemed disposal of all holdings that support more than one class of business .
the amendments propose to compute the gain on the [considered] disposal of all holdings that support more than one class of business .

The transitional or ‘ replacement ’ relief is to be restricted to periods before the first deemed disposal .
the transitional or ‘ replacement ’ relief is to be restricted to periods before the first [considered] disposal .

The existing relief applies to exchanges both before and after the first deemed disposal .
the existing relief applies to exchanges both before and after the first [considered] disposal .

However , it is anticipated that the majority of companies will take advantage of the relief before the first deemed disposal .
however , it is anticipated that the majority of companies will take advantage of the relief before the first [considered] disposal .

When a company leaves a group , any tax on the capital gain arising from the deemed disposal and reacquisition of an asset acquired intra-group in the past six years will accrue at that time rather than when the asset was acquired .
when a company leaves a group , any tax on the capital gain arising from the [considered] disposal and reacquisition of an asset acquired intra-group in the past six years will accrue at that time rather than when the asset was acquired .

Simultaneously , the Swiss cantonal authorities treat a large proportion of the branch capital as a loan from head office and give a deemed deduction for interest thus greatly reducing the actual Swiss taxable profit without affecting the treaty allocation mentioned above .
simultaneously , the swiss cantonal authorities treat a large proportion of the branch capital as a loan from head office and give a [considered] deduction for interest thus greatly reducing the actual swiss taxable profit without affecting the treaty allocation mentioned above .

The Crown argued that there was either one practice that ceased operating or , alternatively , there was a change in the individuals running the practice resulting in a deemed cessation of business .
the crown argued that there was either one practice that ceased operating or , alternatively , there was a change in the individuals running the practice resulting in a [considered] cessation of business .

Police kept her locked up in a cell until she gave a negative breath test and was deemed fit to leave .
police kept her locked up in a cell until she gave a negative breath test and was [considered] fit to leave .

The situation will be reviewed this morning by a medical-nursing and management team but according to an insider , the five operating theatres knocked out of action by the bomb may not be deemed re-sterilised before Friday .
the situation will be reviewed this morning by a medical-nursing and management team but according to an insider , the five operating theatres knocked out of action by the bomb may not be [considered] re-sterilised before friday .

However , we believe that the carrying value should be further adjusted by the gain or loss arising on the deemed disposal for the group by comparing the net assets attributable to the 30 % interest with the net assets attributable to the 15 % interest .
however , we believe that the carrying value should be further adjusted by the gain or loss arising on the [considered] disposal for the group by comparing the net assets attributable to the 30 % interest with the net assets attributable to the 15 % interest .

In addition to the consumption of resources by the Contra war , it might well be expected that military invasion would harden government attitudes towards those whose actions were deemed anti-social or anti-government .
in addition to the consumption of resources by the contra war , it might well be expected that military invasion would harden government attitudes towards those whose actions were [considered] anti-social or anti-government .

In fact , as we have seen , it boils down to a moral evaluation of differentiation ( rather than a ‘ scientific ’ finding ) : the differences that distinguish criminals are things that are deemed to have ‘ gone wrong ’ with their biology , psyche or values .
in fact , as we have seen , it boils down to a moral evaluation of differentiation ( rather than a ‘ scientific ’ finding ) : the differences that distinguish criminals are things that are [considered] to have ‘ gone wrong ’ with their biology , psyche or values .

Indeed , if the actions are not deemed to be free and rational ( in the sense that the offenders are capable of understanding their nature , moral meaning and consequences ) then they will not usually be defined as crimes in legal terms .
indeed , if the actions are not [considered] to be free and rational ( in the sense that the offenders are capable of understanding their nature , moral meaning and consequences ) then they will not usually be defined as crimes in legal terms .

Value-for-money initiatives that upset union leaders are rarely deemed worth the political candle .
value-for-money initiatives that upset union leaders are rarely [considered] worth the political candle .

Though he did so last December , the election was not deemed completely ‘ free and fair ’ by western observers .
though he did so last december , the election was not [considered] completely ‘ free and fair ’ by western observers .

So German companies can export anything deemed recyclable by German law to other countries , without giving any formal notification .
so german companies can export anything [considered] recyclable by german law to other countries , without giving any formal notification .

His successor , Akihito , visited China last year and half apologised for Japan 's wartime behaviour , which brought him closer to matters of state than his predecessors had deemed wise .
his successor , akihito , visited china last year and half apologised for japan 's wartime behaviour , which brought him closer to matters of state than his predecessors had [considered] wise .

Welfare , in the broader view of which this approach to child care might be deemed a part , is construed in individual terms : individuals are deemed responsible for their conduct , and little weight is given to structural , environmental and material determinants of behaviour .
welfare , in the broader view of which this approach to child care might be [considered] a part , is construed in individual terms : individuals are [considered] responsible for their conduct , and little weight is given to structural , environmental and material determinants of behaviour .

Unless membership jumps before the next election , which must be held within a year , there seems little chance that candidates deemed vote-worthy will be rewarded with campaign funds .
unless membership jumps before the next election , which must be held within a year , there seems little chance that candidates [considered] vote-worthy will be rewarded with campaign funds .

The educational psychologist may be invited to observe a child it playgroup should this be deemed useful hut will not , as a rule , carry out a formal assessment during playgroup time which would thus single the child out from his/her peers and probably deprive the other children of their leader 's care .
the educational psychologist may be invited to observe a child it playgroup should this be [considered] useful hut will not , as a rule , carry out a formal assessment during playgroup time which would thus single the child out from his/her peers and probably deprive the other children of their leader 's care .

When all was said and done , the pot was deemed ‘ right ’ and the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston got one of the rarest pieces of early American silver for only $ 100,000 ( £71,400 ) .
when all was said and done , the pot was [considered] ‘ right ’ and the museum of fine arts , boston got one of the rarest pieces of early american silver for only $ 100,000 ( £71,400 ) .

Because it was deemed to have been lost in antiquity , the finder was allowed to keep it , although happily the British Museum was able to buy it at auction .
because it was [considered] to have been lost in antiquity , the finder was allowed to keep it , although happily the british museum was able to buy it at auction .

These fees included a charge of at least £2,500 which increased on a scale related to the length of the proposed railway , to anything up to £75,000 and also included the cost for holding any public inquiry that was deemed necessary .
these fees included a charge of at least £2,500 which increased on a scale related to the length of the proposed railway , to anything up to £75,000 and also included the cost for holding any public inquiry that was [considered] necessary .

Insiders in the Cope camp claim that the 34-year-old singer was deemed to be too old and uncommercial by Island .
insiders in the cope camp claim that the 34-year-old singer was [considered] to be too old and uncommercial by island .

No arrests had been made under the law , which regulated penalties for records deemed ‘ too erotic ’ by the state 's legislators .
no arrests had been made under the law , which regulated penalties for records [considered] ‘ too erotic ’ by the state 's legislators .

It seemed clear that anything more than a purely intergovernmental system of consultation and cooperation would be deemed undesirable by Britain .
it seemed clear that anything more than a purely intergovernmental system of consultation and cooperation would be [considered] undesirable by britain .

In 1952 it adopted the practice of permitting deputies to stand in for the ministers : the deputies soon became permanent features , attending to all business except that deemed to be symbolically important .
in 1952 it adopted the practice of permitting deputies to stand in for the ministers : the deputies soon became permanent features , attending to all business except that [considered] to be symbolically important .

When starting out in the aircraft spares business , twenty Tiger Moth wings were acquired , which after a period in storage were deemed to be taking up too much space , so reluctantly they were taken out into the back yard and burnt .
when starting out in the aircraft spares business , twenty tiger moth wings were acquired , which after a period in storage were [considered] to be taking up too much space , so reluctantly they were taken out into the back yard and burnt .

The fact that this is deemed necessary is probably also a reflection of the lack of formal sign language teaching and the understanding of the process itself .
the fact that this is [considered] necessary is probably also a reflection of the lack of formal sign language teaching and the understanding of the process itself .

On the sacraments , this document accepted the traditional Catholic doctrine that baptism , penance , and the eucharist were ‘ necessary for man 's salvation ’ , but made no mention at all of the other four Catholic sacraments deemed unscriptural by Luther ; similarly , its statement on the eucharist was left sufficiently vague to be interpreted as either transubstantiation or consubstantiation .
on the sacraments , this document accepted the traditional catholic doctrine that baptism , penance , and the eucharist were ‘ necessary for man 's salvation ’ , but made no mention at all of the other four catholic sacraments [considered] unscriptural by luther ; similarly , its statement on the eucharist was left sufficiently vague to be interpreted as either transubstantiation or consubstantiation .

The first clash of arms in the campaign came on 23 August , when Salza 's Fourth Army , moving southward in expectation of cutting off the rear of the Austrians — who he deemed to be driving east — ran into Dankl 's advancing First Army at Krasnik .
the first clash of arms in the campaign came on 23 august , when salza 's fourth army , moving southward in expectation of cutting off the rear of the austrians — who he [considered] to be driving east — ran into dankl 's advancing first army at krasnik .

Once it was shown that Verdun was deemed worth capturing , it must be worth defending ; if worth defending , then worth taking .
once it was shown that verdun was [considered] worth capturing , it must be worth defending ; if worth defending , then worth taking .

Followers of Leavis thought themselves superior in sensibility to the debased majority who were deemed to have been corrupted by democratic industrial society .
followers of leavis thought themselves superior in sensibility to the debased majority who were [considered] to have been corrupted by democratic industrial society .

But tonight there had been no time to get the cheese or sardines or cold ham that made his evening meal ; Sean never liked to cook in his bedsit above the premises of Hogan 's lest the smell of food linger and be deemed offensive .
but tonight there had been no time to get the cheese or sardines or cold ham that made his evening meal ; sean never liked to cook in his bedsit above the premises of hogan 's lest the smell of food linger and be [considered] offensive .

As we have seen , the Gospels were written to meet that need , so by examining carefully their contents we will gain an overall impression of the range of information which the early Christians deemed to be necessary for an adequate ongoing commitment to be made .
as we have seen , the gospels were written to meet that need , so by examining carefully their contents we will gain an overall impression of the range of information which the early christians [considered] to be necessary for an adequate ongoing commitment to be made .

In contrast to contemporary society which denied social misfits and those deemed ‘ irreligious ’ their civil rights and spiritual privileges , such people are especially welcomed into the Reign of God .
in contrast to contemporary society which denied social misfits and those [considered] ‘ irreligious ’ their civil rights and spiritual privileges , such people are especially welcomed into the reign of god .

if the other party shall commit any act of bankruptcy , shall have a receiving order made against it , shall make or negotiate for any composition or arrangement with or assignment for the benefit of its creditors or , if the other party being a body corporate shall present a petition or have a petition presented by a creditor for its winding up or shall enter into any liquidation ( other than for the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation ) , shall call any meeting of its creditors , shall have a receiver of all or any to its undertakings or assets appointed , shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts , or shall cease to carry on business
if the other party shall commit any act of bankruptcy , shall have a receiving order made against it , shall make or negotiate for any composition or arrangement with or assignment for the benefit of its creditors or , if the other party being a body corporate shall present a petition or have a petition presented by a creditor for its winding up or shall enter into any liquidation ( other than for the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation ) , shall call any meeting of its creditors , shall have a receiver of all or any to its undertakings or assets appointed , shall be [considered] to be unable to pay its debts , or shall cease to carry on business

6.2 Provided always that such undertaking shall not in any case be deemed to extend to any information which is :
6.2 provided always that such undertaking shall not in any case be [considered] to extend to any information which is :

6.6 Insofar as this Agreement is less restrictive or onerous on the recipient Party in respect of the disclosure or use of any particular information than any undertaking given by the recipient Party prior to the execution of this Agreement in respect of the same information , such information shall to such extent be deemed to have been superseded by this Agreement .
6.6 insofar as this agreement is less restrictive or onerous on the recipient party in respect of the disclosure or use of any particular information than any undertaking given by the recipient party prior to the execution of this agreement in respect of the same information , such information shall to such extent be [considered] to have been superseded by this agreement .

8.1 In the event that the Secretary of State shall reject the Proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed Party in the Project or if the Grant Offer Letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the Parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the Project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the Proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each Party shall be entitled to require each other Party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all Technical Information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the Proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other Parties or any of its Related companies .
8.1 in the event that the secretary of state shall reject the proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed party in the project or if the grant offer letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be [considered] abandoned , the proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be [considered] to have been terminated and each party shall be entitled to require each other party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all technical information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other parties or any of its related companies .

9.1.3 undertakes that it will promptly disclose to the other Parties and to the Secretary of State any facts or circumstances which come to its attention indicating or suggesting any infringement or material risk of infringement of any patent or other Intellectual Property Right of any other person not being a Party to this Agreement through the expected mode of use or exploitation of its own results or background provided always that this undertaking shall not be deemed to impose or imply any specific obligation to undertake any patent searches of intellectual property rights or make any enquiries .
9.1.3 undertakes that it will promptly disclose to the other parties and to the secretary of state any facts or circumstances which come to its attention indicating or suggesting any infringement or material risk of infringement of any patent or other intellectual property right of any other person not being a party to this agreement through the expected mode of use or exploitation of its own results or background provided always that this undertaking shall not be [considered] to impose or imply any specific obligation to undertake any patent searches of intellectual property rights or make any enquiries .

10.8.11 For the avoidance of doubt nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to affect the ownership of any background technical information or background intellectual property rights .
10.8.11 for the avoidance of doubt nothing in this agreement shall be [considered] to affect the ownership of any background technical information or background intellectual property rights .

Any consequent changes in the programme and grant payable shall be deemed to be incorporated in the Proposal .
any consequent changes in the programme and grant payable shall be [considered] to be incorporated in the proposal .

will deliver the Converted Text of the Work to no later than 30 days after the execution of this contract and will be deemed to have accepted the Converted Text of the Work within 30 days after the date of delivery , unless is notified to the contrary .
will deliver the converted text of the work to no later than 30 days after the execution of this contract and will be [considered] to have accepted the converted text of the work within 30 days after the date of delivery , unless is notified to the contrary .

Such approvals shall not be withheld or delayed unreasonably. must respond to any such request for approval within ten ( 10 ) days of receipt of same failing which will be deemed to have given its assent .
such approvals shall not be withheld or delayed unreasonably. must respond to any such request for approval within ten ( 10 ) days of receipt of same failing which will be [considered] to have given its assent .

8.8 If any sub-clause of this clause 8 is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law then it should be deemed to be omitted and if as a result either party becomes liable for loss or damage which would otherwise have been excluded then such liability shall be subject to the remaining sub-clauses of this clause 8 .
8.8 if any sub-clause of this clause 8 is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law then it should be [considered] to be omitted and if as a result either party becomes liable for loss or damage which would otherwise have been excluded then such liability shall be subject to the remaining sub-clauses of this clause 8 .

Any notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this Agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .
any notices permitted or required under this agreement shall be made in writing and shall be [considered] given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .

Further changes deemed necessary by the Publisher will be subject to separate negotiation .
further changes [considered] necessary by the publisher will be subject to separate negotiation .

Any notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this Agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .
any notices permitted or required under this agreement shall be made in writing and shall be [considered] given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .

Ironically , given the severe limitations of freedom of speech planned in the future fascist state , Mosley deemed it necessary to protect that liberty by providing more rigorous stewarding of public meetings to prevent them being broken up by left-wing activists .
ironically , given the severe limitations of freedom of speech planned in the future fascist state , mosley [considered] it necessary to protect that liberty by providing more rigorous stewarding of public meetings to prevent them being broken up by left-wing activists .

Raven Thomson was deemed not to be insulting when he said at Bethnal Green in March 1937 that he had the utmost contempt for the Jews and that they were ‘ the most miserable type of humanity , ’ but an Inspector Jones was overruled when he reported that Mick Clarke had used no inflammatory language at the same venue in June 1937 , when other police shorthand notes stated that Clarke had called the Jews ‘ greasy Scum ’ and ‘ the lice of the earth ’ .
raven thomson was [considered] not to be insulting when he said at bethnal green in march 1937 that he had the utmost contempt for the jews and that they were ‘ the most miserable type of humanity , ’ but an inspector jones was overruled when he reported that mick clarke had used no inflammatory language at the same venue in june 1937 , when other police shorthand notes stated that clarke had called the jews ‘ greasy scum ’ and ‘ the lice of the earth ’ .

That is , the woman 's experience of rape was deemed irrelevant to the question as to whether she was legally raped , since this depends upon the man 's state of mind .
that is , the woman 's experience of rape was [considered] irrelevant to the question as to whether she was legally raped , since this depends upon the man 's state of mind .

It may simply be used as a taunt which is deemed provocative and so portrayed as one of several triggering actions for the killing .
it may simply be used as a taunt which is [considered] provocative and so portrayed as one of several triggering actions for the killing .

The specialist teacher can help to explain and deal with such problems and increase the confidence of the pupil and the understanding of the regular teacher in unusual cases of anxiety that might otherwise be deemed trivial .
the specialist teacher can help to explain and deal with such problems and increase the confidence of the pupil and the understanding of the regular teacher in unusual cases of anxiety that might otherwise be [considered] trivial .

If what they discuss and teach is considered to be a danger to the state , they may be deemed guilty of ‘ thought crimes ’ .
if what they discuss and teach is considered to be a danger to the state , they may be [considered] guilty of ‘ thought crimes ’ .

Women are dominated completely by men , who by the grace of God are deemed superior ; therefore , women will give testimony according to what the last man told them ;
women are dominated completely by men , who by the grace of god are [considered] superior ; therefore , women will give testimony according to what the last man told them ;

It is often possible to identify the characteristic eggs from a faecal sample , but regular treatment against this and other similar parasites is usually deemed preferable .
it is often possible to identify the characteristic eggs from a faecal sample , but regular treatment against this and other similar parasites is usually [considered] preferable .

After twenty years ' exposure to religious scrutiny , if deemed worthy and untarnished , this votive tablet would be transferred to the Reclusiam itself .
after twenty years ' exposure to religious scrutiny , if [considered] worthy and untarnished , this votive tablet would be transferred to the reclusiam itself .

Meanwhile he remained a guest of the Fists , whose Chirurgeons deemed his scapular and hip scars too throughly cauterized to allow them to cyborg him .
meanwhile he remained a guest of the fists , whose chirurgeons [considered] his scapular and hip scars too throughly cauterized to allow them to cyborg him .

The Rights of Way Act 1932 provides that where a way over land had been actually enjoyed by the public as of right and without interruption for a full period of 20 years , the way shall be deemed to have been dedicated as a highway , unless there is sufficient evidence that there was no intention during the 20-year period to dedicate it .
the rights of way act 1932 provides that where a way over land had been actually enjoyed by the public as of right and without interruption for a full period of 20 years , the way shall be [considered] to have been dedicated as a highway , unless there is sufficient evidence that there was no intention during the 20-year period to dedicate it .

Moving to policy issues , if two alternative pairs with the same properties exist , then if one set is deemed socially ( un ) desirable , so should the other set be .
moving to policy issues , if two alternative pairs with the same properties exist , then if one set is [considered] socially ( un ) desirable , so should the other set be .

There is no uniform or objective way of reporting events in all their detail , exactly as they happen in the real world ; the structure of each language highlights , and to a large extent preselects , certain areas which are deemed to be fundamental to the reporting of any experience .
there is no uniform or objective way of reporting events in all their detail , exactly as they happen in the real world ; the structure of each language highlights , and to a large extent preselects , certain areas which are [considered] to be fundamental to the reporting of any experience .

’ Moreover , a close reading of the quoted language in Section 3 above reveals that it neither provided a cause of action for non-delivery of the goods stated to have been shipped , nor deemed the statement in the bill conclusive evidence of shipment against the carrier .
’ moreover , a close reading of the quoted language in section 3 above reveals that it neither provided a cause of action for non-delivery of the goods stated to have been shipped , nor [considered] the statement in the bill conclusive evidence of shipment against the carrier .

The ocean carrier , therefore , was deemed to warrant to the consignor safe transport and delivery and could avoid liability only if he proved that something in the nature of force majeure had intervened .
the ocean carrier , therefore , was [considered] to warrant to the consignor safe transport and delivery and could avoid liability only if he proved that something in the nature of force majeure had intervened .

Even where a particular exemption clause or disclaimer was deemed valid , the shipper could avoid it if a breach of one of the overriding obligations was a concurrent cause .
even where a particular exemption clause or disclaimer was [considered] valid , the shipper could avoid it if a breach of one of the overriding obligations was a concurrent cause .

Only when the shipper parts with his original is he deemed to have given up control of the goods .
only when the shipper parts with his original is he [considered] to have given up control of the goods .

— which are generally deemed to be necessary for the survival of any modern society .
— which are generally [considered] to be necessary for the survival of any modern society .

In 1977 a full-time salaried judge in Scotland was removed from his office for misbehaviour because he was deemed to have-engaged in public political activity .
in 1977 a full-time salaried judge in scotland was removed from his office for misbehaviour because he was [considered] to have-engaged in public political activity .

Among the reasons for these large numbers are that there is no right of appeal from the Immigration Appeal Tribunal to the courts ; that from many decisions by immigration officers adverse to immigrants , an appeal can be made only from outside the United Kingdom ; and that from some decisions ( such as some exclusions deemed conducive to the public good by the Secretary of State ) there are no rights of appeal at all .
among the reasons for these large numbers are that there is no right of appeal from the immigration appeal tribunal to the courts ; that from many decisions by immigration officers adverse to immigrants , an appeal can be made only from outside the united kingdom ; and that from some decisions ( such as some exclusions [considered] conducive to the public good by the secretary of state ) there are no rights of appeal at all .

Previously , an important part of the major companies ' dominance had been the sheer cost of making recordings of the ‘ professional ’ standard deemed to be essential to achieve radio play and hence large sales .
previously , an important part of the major companies ' dominance had been the sheer cost of making recordings of the ‘ professional ’ standard [considered] to be essential to achieve radio play and hence large sales .

Most striking is the way , in the two short groups , the back half of the Centaur was never carved , but deemed to disappear behind a neighbouring group .
most striking is the way , in the two short groups , the back half of the centaur was never carved , but [considered] to disappear behind a neighbouring group .

In 1983/4 it was deemed important to redirect resources to inner-city areas , following the race riots ( for example the weight given to the ethnic indicator in the assessment of educational needs for special remedial provision was doubled ) .
in 1983/4 it was [considered] important to redirect resources to inner-city areas , following the race riots ( for example the weight given to the ethnic indicator in the assessment of educational needs for special remedial provision was doubled ) .

When she was young and maybe a little wilful , Elizabeth had made what she deemed to be the right decision , and she had suffered because of it .
when she was young and maybe a little wilful , elizabeth had made what she [considered] to be the right decision , and she had suffered because of it .

The system involves an obligation to provide evidence of having sought help from charities , friends and relations , and even if this can be provided and the request deemed a reasonable one , no payment will be forthcoming if it involves the breach of cash limits .
the system involves an obligation to provide evidence of having sought help from charities , friends and relations , and even if this can be provided and the request [considered] a reasonable one , no payment will be forthcoming if it involves the breach of cash limits .

Similarly students ' attempts to control which have not been predetermined by others may be deemed illegitimate — that is , as ‘ behavioural problems ’ or a lack of ‘ acceptance of disability ’ .
similarly students ' attempts to control which have not been predetermined by others may be [considered] illegitimate — that is , as ‘ behavioural problems ’ or a lack of ‘ acceptance of disability ’ .

It follows that changes to the legal framework that are deemed necessary to encourage or induce the desired behaviour should be viewed as permissible even though a substantial curtailment of shareholder rights may be involved .
it follows that changes to the legal framework that are [considered] necessary to encourage or induce the desired behaviour should be viewed as permissible even though a substantial curtailment of shareholder rights may be involved .

In the nineteenth century incorporation of utility and railway companies was also generally accompanied by other inducements and special powers deemed necessary for the success of the undertaking , such as rights of compulsory acquisition of land .
in the nineteenth century incorporation of utility and railway companies was also generally accompanied by other inducements and special powers [considered] necessary for the success of the undertaking , such as rights of compulsory acquisition of land .

Indeed , the concept of judicial independence is deemed to entail not merely the freedom of judges from responsibility to the political executive , but their active duty to protect the citizen against the political executive or its agents , and to act , in the state 's encounter with members of society , as the defenders of the latter 's rights and liberties … But in any case , the judiciary is an integral part of the state system , which affects , often profoundly , the exercise of state power .
indeed , the concept of judicial independence is [considered] to entail not merely the freedom of judges from responsibility to the political executive , but their active duty to protect the citizen against the political executive or its agents , and to act , in the state 's encounter with members of society , as the defenders of the latter 's rights and liberties … but in any case , the judiciary is an integral part of the state system , which affects , often profoundly , the exercise of state power .

Now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in Parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things therein contained by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of Parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration .
now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things therein contained by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged [considered] and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration .

Women who reach higher education are not deemed to be successful by virtue of having done so ; on the contrary , higher education continues to exclude and marginalize its female students , pushing them further into ‘ female ’ jobs or marriage and family .
women who reach higher education are not [considered] to be successful by virtue of having done so ; on the contrary , higher education continues to exclude and marginalize its female students , pushing them further into ‘ female ’ jobs or marriage and family .

The deplorable side of this training programme was that candidates who were deemed ‘ unreliable ’ were betrayed to the French Sûreté on their return to Vietnam .
the deplorable side of this training programme was that candidates who were [considered] ‘ unreliable ’ were betrayed to the french sûreté on their return to vietnam .

Under the income support system , if a person 's resources are less than what is deemed to be his or her ‘ applicable amount ’ of Income Support , then eligibility is gained .
under the income support system , if a person 's resources are less than what is [considered] to be his or her ‘ applicable amount ’ of income support , then eligibility is gained .

Conspiracy theorists do not address their argument to the enemies identified by the theory , for they are deemed to be beyond argument .
conspiracy theorists do not address their argument to the enemies identified by the theory , for they are [considered] to be beyond argument .

If the secondary legislation thus created is found by the courts to be ultra vires it will be deemed to be of no effect .
if the secondary legislation thus created is found by the courts to be ultra vires it will be [considered] to be of no effect .

Where there are two conflicting Court of Appeal decisions on a point , the Court may choose which it will follow , the decision not followed being deemed to be overruled .
where there are two conflicting court of appeal decisions on a point , the court may choose which it will follow , the decision not followed being [considered] to be overruled .

In favour of a person dealing with a company in good faith , the power of the board of directors to bind the company or to authorize others to do so is deemed to be free from any limitations under the company 's constitution ( i.e .
in favour of a person dealing with a company in good faith , the power of the board of directors to bind the company or to authorize others to do so is [considered] to be free from any limitations under the company 's constitution ( i.e .

At such a time , sumptuary laws may be passed which forbid the use of particular goods to those who are deemed to be below a certain station in life ( e.g .
at such a time , sumptuary laws may be passed which forbid the use of particular goods to those who are [considered] to be below a certain station in life ( e.g .

Characteristics which were found to be statistically significant in their relation to manufacturing employment change were deemed to be contributory causes of it .
characteristics which were found to be statistically significant in their relation to manufacturing employment change were [considered] to be contributory causes of it .

Politicians are deemed to have a bias for stability and continuity .
politicians are [considered] to have a bias for stability and continuity .

The passage of Wellington 's soldiers through the Basque country , when they were deemed to have behaved with greater decency and correctness than their French opponents , was in some degree the origin of the considerable fashion for this part of France among the English throughout the nineteenth century .
the passage of wellington 's soldiers through the basque country , when they were [considered] to have behaved with greater decency and correctness than their french opponents , was in some degree the origin of the considerable fashion for this part of france among the english throughout the nineteenth century .

In both cases the model is a device which reduces the complexity of what is represented , by selectively reproducing only those details which are deemed significant or useful for the purpose at hand .
in both cases the model is a device which reduces the complexity of what is represented , by selectively reproducing only those details which are [considered] significant or useful for the purpose at hand .

The following practices have been noted and should cease forthwith : Missiles thrown at the police should not be picked up and thrown back as once the missile has hit the ground it is deemed ‘ out of play ’ .
the following practices have been noted and should cease forthwith : missiles thrown at the police should not be picked up and thrown back as once the missile has hit the ground it is [considered] ‘ out of play ’ .

This puts the Law literally and metaphorically on the side of the blacks , who are also deemed ‘ out of order ’ for having broken the rules of a fair fight .
this puts the law literally and metaphorically on the side of the blacks , who are also [considered] ‘ out of order ’ for having broken the rules of a fair fight .

Although most agency workers are taxed and pay social security contributions as if they were dependent employees , and most think of themselves as an employee of the agency for which they work , the relationship between them and these agencies has been deemed not to be one of employment .
although most agency workers are taxed and pay social security contributions as if they were dependent employees , and most think of themselves as an employee of the agency for which they work , the relationship between them and these agencies has been [considered] not to be one of employment .

Courts , if they had been called upon to investigate people 's employment protection rights , might well have deemed some of them to have had one continuous employment relationship broken only by shortages of work rather than a series of different relationships .
courts , if they had been called upon to investigate people 's employment protection rights , might well have [considered] some of them to have had one continuous employment relationship broken only by shortages of work rather than a series of different relationships .

With respect to both agency workers and casual workers the courts have deemed that there is no obligation for the apparent employer ( in the case of the agency worker , the agency ) to offer work and no obligation on the worker to accept offers made .
with respect to both agency workers and casual workers the courts have [considered] that there is no obligation for the apparent employer ( in the case of the agency worker , the agency ) to offer work and no obligation on the worker to accept offers made .

Equally , there are temporary workers who , because they are deemed in labour law to be self-employed , enjoy no statutory employment rights .
equally , there are temporary workers who , because they are [considered] in labour law to be self-employed , enjoy no statutory employment rights .

By section 11 of the statutes the council shall appoint such other officers as may be deemed necessary
by section 11 of the statutes the council shall appoint such other officers as may be [considered] necessary

Our expectation of what is deemed to be `` creative `` is equally vague .
our expectation of what is [considered] to be `` creative `` is equally vague .

If none is declared then the association is deemed to be a `` violation `` if one is found , and procedures should be evoked to remove it .
if none is declared then the association is [considered] to be a `` violation `` if one is found , and procedures should be evoked to remove it .

Section 6(1) introduces a deemed intention of permanently depriving the owner of his property when the person appropriating the property ‘ for the time being , ’ as one might say , intends ‘ to treat the thing as his own to dispose of regardless of the other 's rights ; … ’ Here again the offender 's act is unilateral and the same can clearly be said of section 6(2) .
section 6(1) introduces a [considered] intention of permanently depriving the owner of his property when the person appropriating the property ‘ for the time being , ’ as one might say , intends ‘ to treat the thing as his own to dispose of regardless of the other 's rights ; … ’ here again the offender 's act is unilateral and the same can clearly be said of section 6(2) .

The Cossacks are to be handed over , by whatever means are deemed appropriate .
the cossacks are to be handed over , by whatever means are [considered] appropriate .

No lead had been mined on Vangmoor for a hundred years , but the engine houses and the housing for water wheels , once deemed so hideous , now in ruin had a beauty of their own .
no lead had been mined on vangmoor for a hundred years , but the engine houses and the housing for water wheels , once [considered] so hideous , now in ruin had a beauty of their own .

Through the ideological prism of Marxist historicism some Soviet Russian historians see ample justification for the Russians , intrusion into the lives of the Siberian natives in the benefits of civilization which the latter are deemed to have received .
through the ideological prism of marxist historicism some soviet russian historians see ample justification for the russians , intrusion into the lives of the siberian natives in the benefits of civilization which the latter are [considered] to have received .

Firstly , there is restriction of entry into the occupation , which is provided by the profession 's control of the training and qualifications required for membership and the numbers deemed necessary to provide an adequate service .
firstly , there is restriction of entry into the occupation , which is provided by the profession 's control of the training and qualifications required for membership and the numbers [considered] necessary to provide an adequate service .

‘ Nothing in these Rules contained shall be deemed to interfere with the right of His Majesty , upon the humble petition of any person aggrieved by any judgment of the court , to admit his appeal therefrom upon such conditions as His Majesty in Council shall think fit to impose .
‘ nothing in these rules contained shall be [considered] to interfere with the right of his majesty , upon the humble petition of any person aggrieved by any judgment of the court , to admit his appeal therefrom upon such conditions as his majesty in council shall think fit to impose .

What , then , are the grounds on which a large number of variations are ' deemed superfluous ?
what , then , are the grounds on which a large number of variations are ' [considered] superfluous ?

Knowledge available at the time of Copernicus did not permit a legitimate criticism of the observation that the apparent sizes of Mars and Venus remain roughly constant , so that Copernicus 's theory , taken literally , could be deemed falsified by that observation .
knowledge available at the time of copernicus did not permit a legitimate criticism of the observation that the apparent sizes of mars and venus remain roughly constant , so that copernicus 's theory , taken literally , could be [considered] falsified by that observation .

Emphasis was to be placed on retaining commuter and rural services and routes deemed to be of value in spite of costs .
emphasis was to be placed on retaining commuter and rural services and routes [considered] to be of value in spite of costs .

First , it may be that some commodity-producing projects deemed socially useful are unprofitable because the ‘ social need ’ which they are supposed to answer fails to find expression as a monetary demand on the market .
first , it may be that some commodity-producing projects [considered] socially useful are unprofitable because the ‘ social need ’ which they are supposed to answer fails to find expression as a monetary demand on the market .

Would have deemed common decency .
would have [considered] common decency .

It has been deemed just , in consideration of the share borne by the Servians in this war , to come to a solemn agreement respecting their security .
it has been [considered] just , in consideration of the share borne by the servians in this war , to come to a solemn agreement respecting their security .

‘ Whatever the precise degree of knowledge of the defendants at any particular time , faced with a laden ship which , as they well knew , was about to leave port , the defendants must in my judgment be deemed to have known of the almost certain existence of contracts of carriage to which the shipowners were parties .
‘ whatever the precise degree of knowledge of the defendants at any particular time , faced with a laden ship which , as they well knew , was about to leave port , the defendants must in my judgment be [considered] to have known of the almost certain existence of contracts of carriage to which the shipowners were parties .

The Thatcher government continued this process , much more zealously , developing a formula which deliberately penalized those authorities it deemed to be over-spenders .
the thatcher government continued this process , much more zealously , developing a formula which deliberately penalized those authorities it [considered] to be over-spenders .

It developed a power which enabled it to ‘ rate cap ’ a group of authorities whom it deemed to be high spenders .
it developed a power which enabled it to ‘ rate cap ’ a group of authorities whom it [considered] to be high spenders .

It may also be important to behave in ways that are deemed respectable .
it may also be important to behave in ways that are [considered] respectable .

The distinction between policy making and implementation seems to need to rest upon the identification of decision points at which a policy is deemed to be made and ready for implementations like a commodity that is manufactured and ready for selling .
the distinction between policy making and implementation seems to need to rest upon the identification of decision points at which a policy is [considered] to be made and ready for implementations like a commodity that is manufactured and ready for selling .

Policies are evolved in a wider environment in which problems emerge that are deemed to require political solutions , and pressures occur for new political responses .
policies are evolved in a wider environment in which problems emerge that are [considered] to require political solutions , and pressures occur for new political responses .

So for some children it is deemed better to place them in small homes where it is easier to maintain continuity of care .
so for some children it is [considered] better to place them in small homes where it is easier to maintain continuity of care .

Also , various children deemed unsuitable for fostering — because of behaviour problems or physical handicaps , for example , or because there are strong ties with the natural parents — can be accommodated , together with those who have had a foster placement breakdown .
also , various children [considered] unsuitable for fostering — because of behaviour problems or physical handicaps , for example , or because there are strong ties with the natural parents — can be accommodated , together with those who have had a foster placement breakdown .

So children sent from the courts , whether they were offenders or offended against , can now be placed in whatever type of residential care is deemed most appropriate to their needs at the discretion of the social workers of the local authority .
so children sent from the courts , whether they were offenders or offended against , can now be placed in whatever type of residential care is [considered] most appropriate to their needs at the discretion of the social workers of the local authority .

The modern ‘ occupational pension ’ ( or employer 's pension ) derives from an early nineteenth-century civil service provision whereby elderly ( or infirm ) employees deemed to be suffering from physical or mental disabilities could be ‘ superannuated ’ ; that is ‘ retired ’ and awarded a replacement income or pension in an amount proportionate to the total number of years of service completed .
the modern ‘ occupational pension ’ ( or employer 's pension ) derives from an early nineteenth-century civil service provision whereby elderly ( or infirm ) employees [considered] to be suffering from physical or mental disabilities could be ‘ superannuated ’ ; that is ‘ retired ’ and awarded a replacement income or pension in an amount proportionate to the total number of years of service completed .

While the scheme makes some provision for grants , most of the payments are in the form of loans to those deemed eligible and able to meet the repayments .
while the scheme makes some provision for grants , most of the payments are in the form of loans to those [considered] eligible and able to meet the repayments .

That they secure every person in whose family or possession Stolen goods are found , & Commit them to Killarow Prison , & secure all their Effects , and that they Call for Assistants , & such as refuse to report the same , who are to be fyned in Ten pund for each refusal & Deemed Dishonest . ``
that they secure every person in whose family or possession stolen goods are found , & commit them to killarow prison , & secure all their effects , and that they call for assistants , & such as refuse to report the same , who are to be fyned in ten pund for each refusal & [considered] dishonest . ``

That they secure every person in whose family or possession Stolen goods are found , & Commit them to Killarow Prison , & secure all their Effects , and that they Call for Assistants , & such as refuse to report the same , who are to be fyned in Ten pund for each refusal & Deemed Dishonest . ``
that they secure every person in whose family or possession stolen goods are found , & commit them to killarow prison , & secure all their effects , and that they call for assistants , & such as refuse to report the same , who are to be fyned in ten pund for each refusal & [considered] dishonest . ``

Factors which are deemed by managers to have a bearing on the integration of the demented include : i the proportion of the total who are dementing ii the physical layout of the home iii the level of skill among staff iv the attitudes of other residents v the attitudes of staff .
factors which are [considered] by managers to have a bearing on the integration of the demented include : i the proportion of the total who are dementing ii the physical layout of the home iii the level of skill among staff iv the attitudes of other residents v the attitudes of staff .

Then his father returned to England , sought out his son and deemed that he , too , should study law .
then his father returned to england , sought out his son and [considered] that he , too , should study law .

Through all these processes , more people are socialized into the forms of behaviour deemed appropriate for their sex ; in such a way people learn to become ‘ gendered subjects ’ .
through all these processes , more people are socialized into the forms of behaviour [considered] appropriate for their sex ; in such a way people learn to become ‘ gendered subjects ’ .

These criteria were open to interpretation , but meant that a woman could get an abortion if either her physical or mental health were deemed to be at risk .
these criteria were open to interpretation , but meant that a woman could get an abortion if either her physical or mental health were [considered] to be at risk .

Also the cohabitation ruling makes it difficult for a woman who is on supplementary benefit to have a relationship with a man without becoming financially dependent upon him , since her benefit will be stopped if they are deemed to be cohabiting .
also the cohabitation ruling makes it difficult for a woman who is on supplementary benefit to have a relationship with a man without becoming financially dependent upon him , since her benefit will be stopped if they are [considered] to be cohabiting .

For the past 300 years , first as travellers to places deemed exotic , and later as imperial masters , the British have learnt to identify blackness of skin with inferiority , strangeness , and allegedly repellent religious and cultural practices .
for the past 300 years , first as travellers to places [considered] exotic , and later as imperial masters , the british have learnt to identify blackness of skin with inferiority , strangeness , and allegedly repellent religious and cultural practices .

Widows are given an allowance because they are deemed to have been financially dependent .
widows are given an allowance because they are [considered] to have been financially dependent .

For this reason failure to respond is rare and late responses are deemed to include an application for an extension of time , which is invariably allowed .
for this reason failure to respond is rare and late responses are [considered] to include an application for an extension of time , which is invariably allowed .

Persons receiving legal aid should make such contribution to the cost of legal services as they are deemed able to afford having regard to their resources .
persons receiving legal aid should make such contribution to the cost of legal services as they are [considered] able to afford having regard to their resources .

That the king yielded to the resulting complaints of the clergy as far as he did might be explained by his preoccupations in Paris when he could hardly afford serious embarrassment at home ; yet it seems more likely that he recognized the powerful tradition by which the matters in conflict were long deemed to have belonged rightfully to the church .
that the king yielded to the resulting complaints of the clergy as far as he did might be explained by his preoccupations in paris when he could hardly afford serious embarrassment at home ; yet it seems more likely that he recognized the powerful tradition by which the matters in conflict were long [considered] to have belonged rightfully to the church .

Although the presence of the proctors was probably in order to assent to the lay taxes which fell upon the clergy 's temporalities , from 1341 at least they were no longer required to attend ; they were still summoned , but their absence from parliament was not deemed prejudicial to the king , no doubt because it could no longer delay or frustrate clerical taxation which was now in the hands of another body .
although the presence of the proctors was probably in order to assent to the lay taxes which fell upon the clergy 's temporalities , from 1341 at least they were no longer required to attend ; they were still summoned , but their absence from parliament was not [considered] prejudicial to the king , no doubt because it could no longer delay or frustrate clerical taxation which was now in the hands of another body .

Series were deemed to be longer plays , broken down into episodes for convenience of presentation .
series were [considered] to be longer plays , broken down into episodes for convenience of presentation .

It is possible to point to landmarks — the moment of ‘ quickening ’ when the mother first feels foetal movements within her ; the moment when the foetus first has potential for independent life — deemed by law to be 24 weeks from gestation ; the moment when the baby has been fully expelled or removed from the mother 's body ; the moment when the baby takes its first breath , with the anatomical changes in circulation that accompany this , and subsequent changes as the baby develops after birth which any parent will recognise .
it is possible to point to landmarks — the moment of ‘ quickening ’ when the mother first feels foetal movements within her ; the moment when the foetus first has potential for independent life — [considered] by law to be 24 weeks from gestation ; the moment when the baby has been fully expelled or removed from the mother 's body ; the moment when the baby takes its first breath , with the anatomical changes in circulation that accompany this , and subsequent changes as the baby develops after birth which any parent will recognise .

‘ ( 1 ) The register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) Subject to any express provisions of this Act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) Subject to any express provision of this Act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) In any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) Where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) Where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) Where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) In any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .
‘ ( 1 ) the register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) subject to any express provisions of this act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) subject to any express provision of this act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) in any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) in any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be [considered] just to rectify the register .

… ( 4 ) Subject as hereafter provided , a proprietor of any registered land or charge claiming in good faith under a forged disposition shall , where the register is rectified , be deemed to have suffered loss by reason of such rectification and shall be entitled to be indemnified under this Act .
… ( 4 ) subject as hereafter provided , a proprietor of any registered land or charge claiming in good faith under a forged disposition shall , where the register is rectified , be [considered] to have suffered loss by reason of such rectification and shall be entitled to be indemnified under this act .

By section 59 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the Act of 1987 the event upon which a bank was deemed to have become insolvent for the purpose of compensation becoming payable was the making of the winding up order rather than the presentation of the petition .
by section 59 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the act of 1987 the event upon which a bank was [considered] to have become insolvent for the purpose of compensation becoming payable was the making of the winding up order rather than the presentation of the petition .

By section 14 ( 2 ) , vessels were deemed to be British-owned if the legal title in them was vested wholly in qualified persons or companies and they were beneficially owned wholly or mainly by qualified persons or companies .
by section 14 ( 2 ) , vessels were [considered] to be british-owned if the legal title in them was vested wholly in qualified persons or companies and they were beneficially owned wholly or mainly by qualified persons or companies .

According to section 14 ( 2 ) , a fishing vessel was deemed to be British-owned if the legal title to the vessel was vested wholly in one or more qualified persons or companies and the vessel was beneficially owned by one or more qualified companies or , as to not less than 75 per cent .
according to section 14 ( 2 ) , a fishing vessel was [considered] to be british-owned if the legal title to the vessel was vested wholly in one or more qualified persons or companies and the vessel was beneficially owned by one or more qualified companies or , as to not less than 75 per cent .

‘ However , an unregistered company is not , except in the event of its being wound up , deemed to be a company under the Companies Act , and then only to the extent provided by this Part of this Act .
‘ however , an unregistered company is not , except in the event of its being wound up , [considered] to be a company under the companies act , and then only to the extent provided by this part of this act .

‘ The bankruptcy of a debtor … shall be deemed to have relation back to , and to commence at , the time of the act of bankruptcy being committed on which a receiving order is made against him …
‘ the bankruptcy of a debtor … shall be [considered] to have relation back to , and to commence at , the time of the act of bankruptcy being committed on which a receiving order is made against him …

In my view , however , the effect of section 38 ( a ) is not to vest title in the trustee retrospectively in the sense that under the Act he is deemed to have had title at the commencement of the bankruptcy ; the effect of section 38 ( a ) is to vest in the trustee , when adjudication occurs , title to property which is identified by reference to the property which belonged to the bankrupt at the commencement of the bankruptcy .
in my view , however , the effect of section 38 ( a ) is not to vest title in the trustee retrospectively in the sense that under the act he is [considered] to have had title at the commencement of the bankruptcy ; the effect of section 38 ( a ) is to vest in the trustee , when adjudication occurs , title to property which is identified by reference to the property which belonged to the bankrupt at the commencement of the bankruptcy .

An execution is deemed completed by the sale of the goods seized or by the making of a charging order under s 1 of the Charging Orders Act 1979 and an attachment of debt is completed by the payment of the debt ( s 346 ( 5 ) ) .
an execution is [considered] completed by the sale of the goods seized or by the making of a charging order under s 1 of the charging orders act 1979 and an attachment of debt is completed by the payment of the debt ( s 346 ( 5 ) ) .

( ii ) At a meeting of creditors , a resolution is deemed to be passed when a majority , in value , of the creditors present personally or by proxy have voted in favour of the resolution ( r 6.88 ) .
( ii ) at a meeting of creditors , a resolution is [considered] to be passed when a majority , in value , of the creditors present personally or by proxy have voted in favour of the resolution ( r 6.88 ) .

If there is no quorum at the meeting summoned to receive the trustee 's resignation , the resolution to accept the resignation is deemed passed .
if there is no quorum at the meeting summoned to receive the trustee 's resignation , the resolution to accept the resignation is [considered] passed .

In the absence of such a request , the resolution is deemed to have been passed if and when the trustee is notified in writing by a majority of the members that they concur ( r 6.162 ( 4 ) ) .
in the absence of such a request , the resolution is [considered] to have been passed if and when the trustee is notified in writing by a majority of the members that they concur ( r 6.162 ( 4 ) ) .

By 1953 his war record was forgotten ; though the British had misgivings , Zahedi was deemed preferable to the dangerous Mossadeq .
by 1953 his war record was forgotten ; though the british had misgivings , zahedi was [considered] preferable to the dangerous mossadeq .

( 12 ) No election held in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to be vitiated in consequence of any technical defect in the proceedings which has not been prejudicial to the interests of any party concerned in such election .
( 12 ) no election held in pursuance of this act shall be [considered] to be vitiated in consequence of any technical defect in the proceedings which has not been prejudicial to the interests of any party concerned in such election .

( 13 ) For the purposes of any proceedings at the quarterly meeting in March in the final year of office of members of a licensing board which are not finally disposed of before the expiry in that year of the term of office of the members , the members of the licensing board in office at the date of the said meeting shall , notwithstanding such expiry , be deemed to constitute the licensing board .
( 13 ) for the purposes of any proceedings at the quarterly meeting in march in the final year of office of members of a licensing board which are not finally disposed of before the expiry in that year of the term of office of the members , the members of the licensing board in office at the date of the said meeting shall , notwithstanding such expiry , be [considered] to constitute the licensing board .

In words like these Paul , John and the writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews struggle to express the unheard-of claim , that they themselves would have deemed blasphemous but for the irrefragable evidence of the life , death and resurrection of Jesus , that God had indeed visited and redeemed his people .
in words like these paul , john and the writer of the epistle to the hebrews struggle to express the unheard-of claim , that they themselves would have [considered] blasphemous but for the irrefragable evidence of the life , death and resurrection of jesus , that god had indeed visited and redeemed his people .

The calculations assume that a total of respondents from five hypermarkets is deemed to be adequate , that is 380 .
the calculations assume that a total of respondents from five hypermarkets is [considered] to be adequate , that is 380 .

The projects end up with scores of 250 and 215 respectively , and , hey presto , the project with the higher score is deemed the better .
the projects end up with scores of 250 and 215 respectively , and , hey presto , the project with the higher score is [considered] the better .

But in the context of the mid-Sixties , when Britain 's chaotic labour relations were deemed to be among the world 's worst , such good-natured willingness to work long hours , doing all kinds of jobs , for sums of money that were not vast , are extraordinary .
but in the context of the mid-sixties , when britain 's chaotic labour relations were [considered] to be among the world 's worst , such good-natured willingness to work long hours , doing all kinds of jobs , for sums of money that were not vast , are extraordinary .

She never encroached on anything that she ( and he ) deemed his territory , although he was not so circumspect in offering his opinion on design and colour .
she never encroached on anything that she ( and he ) [considered] his territory , although he was not so circumspect in offering his opinion on design and colour .

The show , on 22 and 23 June 1983 , was deemed by all spectators to be a major success .
the show , on 22 and 23 june 1983 , was [considered] by all spectators to be a major success .

Limited gains were made in 1930 when the government agreed to make information available to sick women for whom pregnancy was deemed detrimental to health .
limited gains were made in 1930 when the government agreed to make information available to sick women for whom pregnancy was [considered] detrimental to health .

The application of natural justice in the context of discipline suffered , like the case of licensing , from the administrative-judicial distinction ; disciplinary measures were deemed not to be judicial with the correlative inapplicability of natural justice .
the application of natural justice in the context of discipline suffered , like the case of licensing , from the administrative-judicial distinction ; disciplinary measures were [considered] not to be judicial with the correlative inapplicability of natural justice .

The Albert Hall is deemed to be a furnished tenancy and a rent set for it .
the albert hall is [considered] to be a furnished tenancy and a rent set for it .

Thus some courts have reasoned on the hypothesis that if an issue is deemed to be one of law then this must inevitably involve substitution of judgment on their part .
thus some courts have reasoned on the hypothesis that if an issue is [considered] to be one of law then this must inevitably involve substitution of judgment on their part .

The application of certain statutory terms might be deemed questions of fact .
the application of certain statutory terms might be [considered] questions of fact .

While the spectre of the Albert Hall being deemed a furnished tenancy , like that of the vexatious litigant in the law of standing , haunts the annals of legal literature rather than the real world , we do nonetheless require more control than that allowed by Gordon 's commencement theory .
while the spectre of the albert hall being [considered] a furnished tenancy , like that of the vexatious litigant in the law of standing , haunts the annals of legal literature rather than the real world , we do nonetheless require more control than that allowed by gordon 's commencement theory .

It quashes expenditure which is deemed to be in breach of this duty , but does not impose any obligation to spend money which is being unreasonably withheld .
it quashes expenditure which is [considered] to be in breach of this duty , but does not impose any obligation to spend money which is being unreasonably withheld .

the European Community ) , to tackle air pollution problems and to ensure that air pollution concentrations are reduced or are maintained below a specific or general level that is deemed acceptable .
the european community ) , to tackle air pollution problems and to ensure that air pollution concentrations are reduced or are maintained below a specific or general level that is [considered] acceptable .

They may differ from country to country , as may the level of pollution deemed acceptable , but there are common elements which make it possible to distinguish four types of strategies : ( 1 ) air quality management , ( 2 ) emission standards , ( 3 ) economic , and ( 4 ) cost-benefit .
they may differ from country to country , as may the level of pollution [considered] acceptable , but there are common elements which make it possible to distinguish four types of strategies : ( 1 ) air quality management , ( 2 ) emission standards , ( 3 ) economic , and ( 4 ) cost-benefit .

The air quality management strategy , sometimes referred to as the air resource management strategy , involves designating the level of pollution deemed acceptable in terms of a set of ambient ( outdoor ) air quality standards and then controlling pollutant emissions to ensure that these legal limits are not exceeded ( Weber , 1982 ) .
the air quality management strategy , sometimes referred to as the air resource management strategy , involves designating the level of pollution [considered] acceptable in terms of a set of ambient ( outdoor ) air quality standards and then controlling pollutant emissions to ensure that these legal limits are not exceeded ( weber , 1982 ) .

Standards may be relaxed if , say , the cost of controlling pollutant emissions in order to achieve the standards is deemed to be economically unacceptable to a nation .
standards may be relaxed if , say , the cost of controlling pollutant emissions in order to achieve the standards is [considered] to be economically unacceptable to a nation .

The emission standards strategy is a relatively simple strategy to apply and as such it is a strategy that many countries initially adopt in order to control pollution from large single-emission sources which are deemed to be major polluters .
the emission standards strategy is a relatively simple strategy to apply and as such it is a strategy that many countries initially adopt in order to control pollution from large single-emission sources which are [considered] to be major polluters .

Even by 1972 , energy and economic issues displaced environmental issues as more newsworthy , being deemed by the media to be of greater and more immediate public interest ( Parlour , 1980 ) .
even by 1972 , energy and economic issues displaced environmental issues as more newsworthy , being [considered] by the media to be of greater and more immediate public interest ( parlour , 1980 ) .

This intervention was under Section 68 of the Education Act , 1944 , which states that when a local authority is deemed by the minister to be acting unreasonably , intervention by the minister is appropriate .
this intervention was under section 68 of the education act , 1944 , which states that when a local authority is [considered] by the minister to be acting unreasonably , intervention by the minister is appropriate .

The danger , witnessed sometimes in practice , is that certain children ( notably the most able , the oldest , the best-behaved , and girls ) are tacitly deemed ‘ undemanding ’ and may be left to their own devices for long periods , denied the kinds of challenging interaction which they , like all children , need .
the danger , witnessed sometimes in practice , is that certain children ( notably the most able , the oldest , the best-behaved , and girls ) are tacitly [considered] ‘ undemanding ’ and may be left to their own devices for long periods , denied the kinds of challenging interaction which they , like all children , need .

Such figures appear to challenge the conventional assumption that the way to improve standards is to give the subjects deemed most important more and more time .
such figures appear to challenge the conventional assumption that the way to improve standards is to give the subjects [considered] most important more and more time .

She/he may withhold the central grant to any force deemed inefficient by the Home Office Inspectorate .
she/he may withhold the central grant to any force [considered] inefficient by the home office inspectorate .

Not only do her efforts to assert her freedom from male domination lead her into the hands of another man , but she is also punished for her resistance by having her words deemed valueless , just as today ‘ pseudo-escaperoutes will so lightly turn sado-escape , and … women 's very freedom will so easily be used against them by even moderately clever men ’ ( 12 ) .
not only do her efforts to assert her freedom from male domination lead her into the hands of another man , but she is also punished for her resistance by having her words [considered] valueless , just as today ‘ pseudo-escaperoutes will so lightly turn sado-escape , and … women 's very freedom will so easily be used against them by even moderately clever men ’ ( 12 ) .

That these ‘ alternative histories ’ should be deemed in some sense heretical is a consequence of a perceived transgression of the firmly grounded distinction between secular and sacred exegesis on the one hand , and novels on the other .
that these ‘ alternative histories ’ should be [considered] in some sense heretical is a consequence of a perceived transgression of the firmly grounded distinction between secular and sacred exegesis on the one hand , and novels on the other .

By entering the competition , all competitors will be deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these rules .
by entering the competition , all competitors will be [considered] to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these rules .

It has long been the case that where a company is would up by the court , the liquidation is deemed to commence at the date of presentation of the petition .
it has long been the case that where a company is would up by the court , the liquidation is [considered] to commence at the date of presentation of the petition .

The report explains that because these farms are ‘ deemed too small to appear in the National Farm Business survey ’ , the government funded research into a sample of 500 holding sin 1986 and 1987 and into a sample of 1000 others between 1988 and 1989 .
the report explains that because these farms are ‘ [considered] too small to appear in the national farm business survey ’ , the government funded research into a sample of 500 holding sin 1986 and 1987 and into a sample of 1000 others between 1988 and 1989 .

If they are submerged the river may be deemed in spate .
if they are submerged the river may be [considered] in spate .

There was astonishment also at what Sylvie Guillem could do with her legs , and excited suspense was also manifested over the question of whether Inès de la Fressange was coming or whether she had been deemed to be too much associated with Chanel and had therefore , in spite of being a close personal friend of Christian 's , been unceremoniously dumped .
there was astonishment also at what sylvie guillem could do with her legs , and excited suspense was also manifested over the question of whether inès de la fressange was coming or whether she had been [considered] to be too much associated with chanel and had therefore , in spite of being a close personal friend of christian 's , been unceremoniously dumped .

When he plays Mowgli , Karim 's skin is deemed too pallid and he is forced to wear black-and-white minstrel greasepaint ; cast as a downtrodden immigrant in his next part , he caricatures Changez , his fat , idle and ugly cousin-in-law , who arrives from India halfway through the novel .
when he plays mowgli , karim 's skin is [considered] too pallid and he is forced to wear black-and-white minstrel greasepaint ; cast as a downtrodden immigrant in his next part , he caricatures changez , his fat , idle and ugly cousin-in-law , who arrives from india halfway through the novel .

Sensitive to the disastrous marketing implications of such a move ( imagine needing a prescription for your favourite skin cream ) manufacturers have recently been shifting their attention to the uppermost levels of the epidermis where any improvement in texture or tone , no matter how impressive , is still deemed to be ‘ cosmetic ’ .
sensitive to the disastrous marketing implications of such a move ( imagine needing a prescription for your favourite skin cream ) manufacturers have recently been shifting their attention to the uppermost levels of the epidermis where any improvement in texture or tone , no matter how impressive , is still [considered] to be ‘ cosmetic ’ .

Increased mathematical precision was deemed to give a new scientificity to biological and evolutionary phenomena .
increased mathematical precision was [considered] to give a new scientificity to biological and evolutionary phenomena .

His paper was certainly outspoken : and , as his Church Times obituary remarked , ‘ our friend was no respecter of persons , however high in official standing , if he deemed it necessary , in support of God 's truth or the Church 's laws , to condemn their conduct .
his paper was certainly outspoken : and , as his church times obituary remarked , ‘ our friend was no respecter of persons , however high in official standing , if he [considered] it necessary , in support of god 's truth or the church 's laws , to condemn their conduct .

On the surrender of the abbey to the king 's commissioners in December 1539 , the buildings assigned ‘ to remain undefaced ’ were given into the custody of its former steward , Sir Edward Baynton , but all those ‘ deemed to be superfluous ’ were committed to Stumpe as Baynton 's deputy : they included the church , cloister , chapter house , dormitory , frater , and infirmary .
on the surrender of the abbey to the king 's commissioners in december 1539 , the buildings assigned ‘ to remain undefaced ’ were given into the custody of its former steward , sir edward baynton , but all those ‘ [considered] to be superfluous ’ were committed to stumpe as baynton 's deputy : they included the church , cloister , chapter house , dormitory , frater , and infirmary .

The subscribers are then ‘ deemed to have agreed to become members of the company and on its registration shall be entered in such in its register of members .
the subscribers are then ‘ [considered] to have agreed to become members of the company and on its registration shall be entered in such in its register of members .

In such a case the transferor ( perhaps with the full knowledge of the transferee 9 ) has breached the deemed contract under section 14 between him and the company and his fellow shareholders .
in such a case the transferor ( perhaps with the full knowledge of the transferee 9 ) has breached the [considered] contract under section 14 between him and the company and his fellow shareholders .

First , where a subsequent holder of a registrable charge is deemed to have notice of a negative pledge clause then this accords priority to the floating charge holder .
first , where a subsequent holder of a registrable charge is [considered] to have notice of a negative pledge clause then this accords priority to the floating charge holder .

If copies are sent less than 21 days before , they may be deemed to have been duly sent if so agreed by all the members entitled to attend and vote .
if copies are sent less than 21 days before , they may be [considered] to have been duly sent if so agreed by all the members entitled to attend and vote .

If he does nothing , he will be deemed to have opted for the summary statement .
if he does nothing , he will be [considered] to have opted for the summary statement .

Generally , arrests are not made by such squads for conduct that is deemed less serious than that in which they are mainly interested .
generally , arrests are not made by such squads for conduct that is [considered] less serious than that in which they are mainly interested .

For realists , nation and state are deemed to be synonymous , and national security is a matter of protecting the state 's core values from the depredations of other states .
for realists , nation and state are [considered] to be synonymous , and national security is a matter of protecting the state 's core values from the depredations of other states .

All kung fu systems are called families , and although good manners and etiquette are deemed essential , they are perhaps not as strict as those of Japanese martial art systems .
all kung fu systems are called families , and although good manners and etiquette are [considered] essential , they are perhaps not as strict as those of japanese martial art systems .

And , although he had recently been known to talk to an invisible giant white rabbit and peek at his neighbours through binoculars , neither of these traits were deemed enough to blacken him in the eyes of the electors .
and , although he had recently been known to talk to an invisible giant white rabbit and peek at his neighbours through binoculars , neither of these traits were [considered] enough to blacken him in the eyes of the electors .

In the language of political philosophy , power is deemed to be a concept that is ‘ essentially contested ’ which means that although the concept has featured prominently in political philosophy over the centuries and is now a major concern of organisation theorists we are still left with disputes over its meaning .
in the language of political philosophy , power is [considered] to be a concept that is ‘ essentially contested ’ which means that although the concept has featured prominently in political philosophy over the centuries and is now a major concern of organisation theorists we are still left with disputes over its meaning .

In democratic societies the will of the people , as expressed in elections , is deemed to be the appropriate legitimation for political power .
in democratic societies the will of the people , as expressed in elections , is [considered] to be the appropriate legitimation for political power .

Increasingly the qualities of leadership are deemed to be desirable for those working in the public sector .
increasingly the qualities of leadership are [considered] to be desirable for those working in the public sector .

Thus an interesting , worthwhile and challenging job was deemed to be a motivator .
thus an interesting , worthwhile and challenging job was [considered] to be a motivator .

No station was allowed to take a prize in the same class for more than two successive years , but if a station which had done so was deemed worthy of being placed in the same class in a third year , it received a special first-class certificate but no money .
no station was allowed to take a prize in the same class for more than two successive years , but if a station which had done so was [considered] worthy of being placed in the same class in a third year , it received a special first-class certificate but no money .

However , when a full assessment of either a service user and/or the carer is deemed to be warranted , the procedures and the outcome of the assessment process must embody a number of key characteristics .
however , when a full assessment of either a service user and/or the carer is [considered] to be warranted , the procedures and the outcome of the assessment process must embody a number of key characteristics .

Some of these were enshrined in local guidelines , such as whether a person was deemed ‘ vulnerable ’ , or if they lived alone or had repeated admissions to hospital .
some of these were enshrined in local guidelines , such as whether a person was [considered] ‘ vulnerable ’ , or if they lived alone or had repeated admissions to hospital .

The effect of the provisions is that the newly issued shares are deemed , as it were , to be a replacement of the shares transferred so that no capital gains tax becomes payable on the transfer by the transferor at that stage .
the effect of the provisions is that the newly issued shares are [considered] , as it were , to be a replacement of the shares transferred so that no capital gains tax becomes payable on the transfer by the transferor at that stage .

Lucien presumed he was looking at something deemed beautiful .
lucien presumed he was looking at something [considered] beautiful .

Before he could return to the Redoubt , he would have to earn an income deemed acceptable to the Lance master and his treasurer .
before he could return to the redoubt , he would have to earn an income [considered] acceptable to the lance master and his treasurer .

There is hardly any modern authority which suggests , as did the judges in Clarence , that either a wife can unilaterally in certain circumstances withdraw her consent , or else that the ambit of consent is restricted so that a wife is not deemed to consent to her husband where his conduct is egregious .
there is hardly any modern authority which suggests , as did the judges in clarence , that either a wife can unilaterally in certain circumstances withdraw her consent , or else that the ambit of consent is restricted so that a wife is not [considered] to consent to her husband where his conduct is egregious .

‘ For the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) and without limiting the grounds upon which it may be established that consent to sexual intercourse is vitiated — ; ( a ) a person who consents to sexual intercourse with another person — ; ( i ) under a mistaken belief as to the identity of the other person ; or ( ii ) under a mistaken belief that the other person is married to the person , … shall be deemed not to consent to the sexual intercourse ; ( b ) a person who knows that another person consents to sexual intercourse under a mistaken belief referred to in paragraph ( a ) shall be deemed to know that the other person does not consent to the sexual intercourse ; ( c ) a person who submits to sexual intercourse with another person as a result of threats or terror , whether the threats are against , or the terror is instilled in , the person who submits to the sexual intercourse or any other person , shall be regarded as not consenting to the sexual intercourse ; and ( d ) a person who does not offer actual physical resistance to sexual intercourse shall not , by reason only of that fact , be regarded as consenting to the sexual intercourse .
‘ for the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) and without limiting the grounds upon which it may be established that consent to sexual intercourse is vitiated — ; ( a ) a person who consents to sexual intercourse with another person — ; ( i ) under a mistaken belief as to the identity of the other person ; or ( ii ) under a mistaken belief that the other person is married to the person , … shall be [considered] not to consent to the sexual intercourse ; ( b ) a person who knows that another person consents to sexual intercourse under a mistaken belief referred to in paragraph ( a ) shall be [considered] to know that the other person does not consent to the sexual intercourse ; ( c ) a person who submits to sexual intercourse with another person as a result of threats or terror , whether the threats are against , or the terror is instilled in , the person who submits to the sexual intercourse or any other person , shall be regarded as not consenting to the sexual intercourse ; and ( d ) a person who does not offer actual physical resistance to sexual intercourse shall not , by reason only of that fact , be regarded as consenting to the sexual intercourse .

Moreover , husband impersonation which constitutes rape in England has been extended so that any mistake as to the other person 's identity is deemed to negative consent .
moreover , husband impersonation which constitutes rape in england has been extended so that any mistake as to the other person 's identity is [considered] to negative consent .

Section 244(3) provides a short list of situations in which consent will not be deemed to exist . It reads :
section 244(3) provides a short list of situations in which consent will not be [considered] to exist . it reads :

So while a degree in geology or BTec in computer sciences might be deemed useful and relevant , a diploma in , say , Greek cookery would probably not qualify !
so while a degree in geology or btec in computer sciences might be [considered] useful and relevant , a diploma in , say , greek cookery would probably not qualify !

Explaining why Mujadid , was sent to London to further his education , group chief geologist Tim Burnhill said : ‘ We are committed to enhancing and improving the technical skills of our employees , and the Imperial College course is deemed to be one of the best of its type anywhere in the world .
explaining why mujadid , was sent to london to further his education , group chief geologist tim burnhill said : ‘ we are committed to enhancing and improving the technical skills of our employees , and the imperial college course is [considered] to be one of the best of its type anywhere in the world .

The programme aims to make unnecessary any further expansion of coal , oil and gas generation , all of which are deemed unacceptable on environmental grounds .
the programme aims to make unnecessary any further expansion of coal , oil and gas generation , all of which are [considered] unacceptable on environmental grounds .

Accordingly , it is reasonable that pupils be given the opportunity to attain such certification where it is deemed appropriate .
accordingly , it is reasonable that pupils be given the opportunity to attain such certification where it is [considered] appropriate .

Style accounts for all kinds of nuance between these , and indeed between these and the factors deemed responsible for their manufacture .
style accounts for all kinds of nuance between these , and indeed between these and the factors [considered] responsible for their manufacture .

Licentiate by experience are deemed to have satisfied the requirements of the Professional Certificate and are eligible to enrol on the Diploma Programme .
licentiate by experience are [considered] to have satisfied the requirements of the professional certificate and are eligible to enrol on the diploma programme .

Each candidate , by virtue of signing to enrol upon a programme of studies shall be deemed to have understood and accepted these regulations .
each candidate , by virtue of signing to enrol upon a programme of studies shall be [considered] to have understood and accepted these regulations .

Subject to the Statement of Pensions Policy which will be issued to the successful candidate , the appointee will be deemed to be in membership of the above pension scheme until such time as he or she gives notice in writing to exercise the right not to be a member of the scheme
subject to the statement of pensions policy which will be issued to the successful candidate , the appointee will be [considered] to be in membership of the above pension scheme until such time as he or she gives notice in writing to exercise the right not to be a member of the scheme

( Any other inventions made by the professor in the course of his employment will be deemed to fall within the provisions of Section 39 ( 2 ) of the Patents Act 1977 , i.e .
( any other inventions made by the professor in the course of his employment will be [considered] to fall within the provisions of section 39 ( 2 ) of the patents act 1977 , i.e .

This has been recognised by the Panel and for many of the purposes of the Code and SARs , `` control `` is deemed to be the holding of an aggregate of 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of a company .
this has been recognised by the panel and for many of the purposes of the code and sars , `` control `` is [considered] to be the holding of an aggregate of 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of a company .

15.1 This agreement is an executory agreement only and shall not operate or be deemed to operate as a demise of the Premises An executory agreement is an agreement to be followed by a lease , usually after various preliminary matters have been dealt with or some future act has been done , eg works have been completed .
15.1 this agreement is an executory agreement only and shall not operate or be [considered] to operate as a demise of the premises an executory agreement is an agreement to be followed by a lease , usually after various preliminary matters have been dealt with or some future act has been done , eg works have been completed .

3.2 Where the Landlord the Tenant or the Guarantor for the time being are two or more persons obligations expressed or implied to be made by or with such party are deemed to be by or with such persons jointly and severally
3.2 where the landlord the tenant or the guarantor for the time being are two or more persons obligations expressed or implied to be made by or with such party are [considered] to be by or with such persons jointly and severally

3.11 Any covenant by the Tenant not to do an act or thing shall be deemed to include an obligation [ to use reasonable endeavours ] not to permit or suffer such act or thing to be done by another person [ where the Tenant is aware that such act or thing is being done ]
3.11 any covenant by the tenant not to do an act or thing shall be [considered] to include an obligation [ to use reasonable endeavours ] not to permit or suffer such act or thing to be done by another person [ where the tenant is aware that such act or thing is being done ]

It should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .
it should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the landlord and tenant act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is [considered] to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .

5.18.1 If the Tenant shall fail to pay the rents or any other sum due under this Lease [ within [ 14 ] days of the date due ] whether formally demanded or not the Tenant shall pay to the Landlord Interest on the rents or other sum from the date when they were due to the date on which they are paid [ and such Interest shall be deemed to be rents due to the Landlord ]
5.18.1 if the tenant shall fail to pay the rents or any other sum due under this lease [ within [ 14 ] days of the date due ] whether formally demanded or not the tenant shall pay to the landlord interest on the rents or other sum from the date when they were due to the date on which they are paid [ and such interest shall be [considered] to be rents due to the landlord ]

The tenant should resist a provision that interest should be deemed to be rent due to the landlord as this will have the effect of making available the remedy of distress as well as that of forfeiture without the necessity to serve a s 146 notice .
the tenant should resist a provision that interest should be [considered] to be rent due to the landlord as this will have the effect of making available the remedy of distress as well as that of forfeiture without the necessity to serve a s 146 notice .

9.2 Party walls The internal non-load bearing walls that divide the Premises from the adjoining units in the Centre and from the Retained Parts shall be deemed to be party walls within the meaning of the Law of Property Act 1925 section 38 and shall be maintained at the equally shared expense of the Tenant and the other respective estate owners As the footnote to the precedent states , the object of this provision is that the tenant and the adjoining estate owner ( who could be either another tenant or even the landlord ) will share the responsibility for the internal divisional walls .
9.2 party walls the internal non-load bearing walls that divide the premises from the adjoining units in the centre and from the retained parts shall be [considered] to be party walls within the meaning of the law of property act 1925 section 38 and shall be maintained at the equally shared expense of the tenant and the other respective estate owners as the footnote to the precedent states , the object of this provision is that the tenant and the adjoining estate owner ( who could be either another tenant or even the landlord ) will share the responsibility for the internal divisional walls .

Some leases contain rather more elaborate provisos such as : `` no demand for or acceptance of rent by the landlord or its agents with knowledge of a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the tenant contained in these presents shall be or be deemed to be a waiver wholly or partially of any such breach but such breach shall be deemed to be a continuing breach of covenant `` .
some leases contain rather more elaborate provisos such as : `` no demand for or acceptance of rent by the landlord or its agents with knowledge of a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the tenant contained in these presents shall be or be [considered] to be a waiver wholly or partially of any such breach but such breach shall be [considered] to be a continuing breach of covenant `` .

9.6 Rights easements etc The [ operation of the Law of Property Act 1925 Section 62 shall be excluded from this Lease and the only rights granted to the Tenant are those expressly set out in this Lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the Tenant shall not by virtue of this Lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] Tenant shall not during the Term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or Premises now or at any time after the date of this Lease belonging to the Landlord and not comprised in this Lease Section 62 of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .
9.6 rights easements etc the [ operation of the law of property act 1925 section 62 shall be excluded from this lease and the only rights granted to the tenant are those expressly set out in this lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the tenant shall not by virtue of this lease be [considered] to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] tenant shall not during the term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or premises now or at any time after the date of this lease belonging to the landlord and not comprised in this lease section 62 of the law of property act 1925 provides that a lease is [considered] to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .

9.8 Perpetuity period The perpetuity period applicable to this Lease shall be [ 80 ] years from the commencement of the Contractual Term and whenever in this Lease either party is granted a future interest in property there shall be deemed to be included in respect of every such grant a provision requiring that future interest to vest within the stated period and for it to be void for remoteness if it shall not have so vested Despite the importance of the rule against perpetuities , it is surprising that most leases granted today make no mention of it .
9.8 perpetuity period the perpetuity period applicable to this lease shall be [ 80 ] years from the commencement of the contractual term and whenever in this lease either party is granted a future interest in property there shall be [considered] to be included in respect of every such grant a provision requiring that future interest to vest within the stated period and for it to be void for remoteness if it shall not have so vested despite the importance of the rule against perpetuities , it is surprising that most leases granted today make no mention of it .

9.15 Service of notices The provisions of the Law of Property Act 1925 section 196 as amended by the Recorded Delivery Service Act 1962 shall apply to the giving and service of all notices and documents under or in connection with this Lease except that section 196 shall be deemed to be amended as follows :
9.15 service of notices the provisions of the law of property act 1925 section 196 as amended by the recorded delivery service act 1962 shall apply to the giving and service of all notices and documents under or in connection with this lease except that section 196 shall be [considered] to be amended as follows :

9.15.1 the final words of section 196(4) … " and that service … be delivered " shall be deleted and there shall be substituted " … and that service shall be deemed to be made on the [ third ] Working Day after the registered letter has been posted . " Working Days " means any day from Monday to Friday ( inclusive ) other than Christmas Day Good Friday and any statutory bank or public holiday
9.15.1 the final words of section 196(4) … " and that service … be delivered " shall be deleted and there shall be substituted " … and that service shall be [considered] to be made on the [ third ] working day after the registered letter has been posted . " working days " means any day from monday to friday ( inclusive ) other than christmas day good friday and any statutory bank or public holiday

9.15.3 any notice or document shall also be sufficiently served if sent by telex [ telephonic facsimile transmission or any other means of electronic transmission ] to the party to be served ( or its solicitors where 9.15.2 applies ) and that service shall be deemed to be made on the day of transmission if transmitted before 4 pm on a Working Day but otherwise on the next following Working Day ( as defined above ) and in this clause `` party `` includes the Guarantor These provisions are designed to introduce certainty to the service of notices and documents and , unless a particular tenant takes exception to any aspect , they do not seem unreasonable .
9.15.3 any notice or document shall also be sufficiently served if sent by telex [ telephonic facsimile transmission or any other means of electronic transmission ] to the party to be served ( or its solicitors where 9.15.2 applies ) and that service shall be [considered] to be made on the day of transmission if transmitted before 4 pm on a working day but otherwise on the next following working day ( as defined above ) and in this clause `` party `` includes the guarantor these provisions are designed to introduce certainty to the service of notices and documents and , unless a particular tenant takes exception to any aspect , they do not seem unreasonable .

No conduct by the Buyer shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of any terms put forward by the Seller .
no conduct by the buyer shall be [considered] to constitute acceptance of any terms put forward by the seller .

No conduct by the Buyer shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of any terms put forward by the Seller .
no conduct by the buyer shall be [considered] to constitute acceptance of any terms put forward by the seller .

And who is concerned to discover what may be those interests , which , by registration , are deemed to be notified to the world ?
and who is concerned to discover what may be those interests , which , by registration , are [considered] to be notified to the world ?

By the Land Registration Act 1925 ( s70 ( 1 ) ) : All registered land shall … be deemed to be subject to such of the following overriding interests as may be for the time being subsisting in reference thereto .
by the land registration act 1925 ( s70 ( 1 ) ) : all registered land shall … be [considered] to be subject to such of the following overriding interests as may be for the time being subsisting in reference thereto .

Since , the `` Commando `` had a clear warning that the contents should not be used after a certain time , this was deemed to put the plaintiff on notice not to use the herbicide and he could not complain that his own misunderstanding of the consequences of ignoring the warning had rendered the herbicide unfit for the purpose which it was supplied .
since , the `` commando `` had a clear warning that the contents should not be used after a certain time , this was [considered] to put the plaintiff on notice not to use the herbicide and he could not complain that his own misunderstanding of the consequences of ignoring the warning had rendered the herbicide unfit for the purpose which it was supplied .

( 3 ) Where goods are supplied in pursuance of a request in which a trade description is used and the circumstances are such as to make it reasonable to infer that the goods are supplied as goods corresponding to that trade description , the person supplying the goods shall be deemed to have applied that trade description to the goods .
( 3 ) where goods are supplied in pursuance of a request in which a trade description is used and the circumstances are such as to make it reasonable to infer that the goods are supplied as goods corresponding to that trade description , the person supplying the goods shall be [considered] to have applied that trade description to the goods .

It may thus be difficult for a group to organise its affairs so as to avoid the deemed attribution of the knowledge of a director who straddles two companies , in the above example , to the parent company .
it may thus be difficult for a group to organise its affairs so as to avoid the [considered] attribution of the knowledge of a director who straddles two companies , in the above example , to the parent company .

Deemed customers
[considered] customers

Documents served by post are deemed to be served on the second business day after posting ; those delivered via a document exchange on the second business day after the day on which they were left for collection .
documents served by post are [considered] to be served on the second business day after posting ; those delivered via a document exchange on the second business day after the day on which they were left for collection .

As a general rule , documents which are more than 20 years old are deemed to be `` ancient `` and are presumed to be authentic unless proved otherwise ( Evidence Act 1938 , s4 ) .
as a general rule , documents which are more than 20 years old are [considered] to be `` ancient `` and are presumed to be authentic unless proved otherwise ( evidence act 1938 , s4 ) .

If as a result of that provision the trustees or the majority of them are deemed , in relation to the trust , not to be resident in the United Kingdom , the provision goes on further to provide that the general administration of the trust shall be treated as ordinarily carried on outside the United Kingdom .
if as a result of that provision the trustees or the majority of them are [considered] , in relation to the trust , not to be resident in the united kingdom , the provision goes on further to provide that the general administration of the trust shall be treated as ordinarily carried on outside the united kingdom .

The trust is thus deemed to be a fully non-resident trust .
the trust is thus [considered] to be a fully non-resident trust .

Non-resident settlor and deemed income
non-resident settlor and [considered] income

The existence of the provision showed that in certain restricted cases income arising to such an underlying company could be deemed to be income arising under the settlement .
the existence of the provision showed that in certain restricted cases income arising to such an underlying company could be [considered] to be income arising under the settlement .

Section 739 ( 2 ) reads as follows : Where by virtue or in consequence of any such transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , such an individual has , within the meaning of this section , power to enjoy , whether forthwith or in the future , any income of a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom which , if it were income of that individual received by him in the United Kingdom … would be chargeable to income tax by deduction or otherwise , that income shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
section 739 ( 2 ) reads as follows : where by virtue or in consequence of any such transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , such an individual has , within the meaning of this section , power to enjoy , whether forthwith or in the future , any income of a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom which , if it were income of that individual received by him in the united kingdom … would be chargeable to income tax by deduction or otherwise , that income shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be [considered] to be income of that individual for all purposes of the income tax acts .

Section 742 states that an individual shall be deemed to have power to enjoy the income for the purposes of s739 if he comes within one or more of the following heads : ( a ) To enure for benefit The income is in fact so dealt with by any person as to be calculated , at some point of time and whether in the form of income or not , to enure for the benefit of the individual .
section 742 states that an individual shall be [considered] to have power to enjoy the income for the purposes of s739 if he comes within one or more of the following heads : ( a ) to enure for benefit the income is in fact so dealt with by any person as to be calculated , at some point of time and whether in the form of income or not , to enure for the benefit of the individual .

That income shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be the income of that individual for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts `` — the individual ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom can be chargeable under the section whether or not he receives the income .
that income shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be [considered] to be the income of that individual for all the purposes of the income tax acts `` — the individual ordinarily resident in the united kingdom can be chargeable under the section whether or not he receives the income .

Capital sums `` — section 739 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) states : ( 3 ) Where , whether before or after any such transfer , such an individual receives or is entitled to receive any capital sum the payment of which is in any way connected with the transfer or any associated operation , any income which , by virtue or in consequence of the transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , has become the income of a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
capital sums `` — section 739 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) states : ( 3 ) where , whether before or after any such transfer , such an individual receives or is entitled to receive any capital sum the payment of which is in any way connected with the transfer or any associated operation , any income which , by virtue or in consequence of the transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , has become the income of a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be [considered] to be income of that individual for all purposes of the income tax acts .

An individual shall be deemed to have received a capital sum or be entitled to receive such a sum where a third person receives the same or is entitled to receive the same at the direction of the individual or where the individual assigns his right ( by , for instance , a deed of assignment or an equitable assignment ) to receive the sum to such third person ( s739 ( 5 ) ) .
an individual shall be [considered] to have received a capital sum or be entitled to receive such a sum where a third person receives the same or is entitled to receive the same at the direction of the individual or where the individual assigns his right ( by , for instance , a deed of assignment or an equitable assignment ) to receive the sum to such third person ( s739 ( 5 ) ) .

An individual who is domiciled outside the United Kingdom shall not be chargeable to tax in respect of the sum which is deemed to be his under s739 if he would not have been chargeable to tax in respect of it if it had been in fact his income .
an individual who is domiciled outside the united kingdom shall not be chargeable to tax in respect of the sum which is [considered] to be his under s739 if he would not have been chargeable to tax in respect of it if it had been in fact his income .

The position of a non-domiciled person is therefore not made worse or is intended not to be made worse by virtue of the deemed receipt of income charged under s739 ( s743 ( 3 ) ) .
the position of a non-domiciled person is therefore not made worse or is intended not to be made worse by virtue of the [considered] receipt of income charged under s739 ( s743 ( 3 ) ) .

Section 743 ( 4 ) provides that where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of s739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .
section 743 ( 4 ) provides that where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income [considered] to be his by virtue of s739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be [considered] not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .

Section 743 ( 4 ) provides , specifically , for relief from double taxation : Where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of section 739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
section 743 ( 4 ) provides , specifically , for relief from double taxation : where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income [considered] to be his by virtue of section 739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be [considered] not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .

In other words to break his deemed domicile a person leaving the United Kingdom must be outside of the United Kingdom for three years counting three lots of 12 months from the time he left the United Kingdom .
in other words to break his [considered] domicile a person leaving the united kingdom must be outside of the united kingdom for three years counting three lots of 12 months from the time he left the united kingdom .

Quality standards differ as to whether or not barristers are deemed to be experts for this purpose .
quality standards differ as to whether or not barristers are [considered] to be experts for this purpose .

With the advent of radio , television and satellite broadcasting , this reasoning is anachronistic , and Parliament has enacted that words spoken in theatres , and in broadcasts for general reception , shall be deemed libels and not slanders .
with the advent of radio , television and satellite broadcasting , this reasoning is anachronistic , and parliament has enacted that words spoken in theatres , and in broadcasts for general reception , shall be [considered] libels and not slanders .

The complete statutory definition of obscenity is contained in s1 of the Obscene Publications Act : For the purposes of this Act an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , in all the circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it .
the complete statutory definition of obscenity is contained in s1 of the obscene publications act : for the purposes of this act an article shall be [considered] to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , in all the circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it .

This recommendation was duly embodied in the 1959 statute , which provided that `` an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt … `` .
this recommendation was duly embodied in the 1959 statute , which provided that `` an article shall be [considered] to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt … `` .

The collective experience of twelve arbitrarily chosen people is assumed to provide a degree of familiarity with popular reading trends , with what is deemed acceptable on television and at cinemas , and with the degree of explicitness which can be found in publications on sale at local newsagents .
the collective experience of twelve arbitrarily chosen people is assumed to provide a degree of familiarity with popular reading trends , with what is [considered] acceptable on television and at cinemas , and with the degree of explicitness which can be found in publications on sale at local newsagents .

Section 39 Trustee Act 1925 provides that where a trustee desires to be discharged from the trust and where after his discharge there will be either a trust corporation or at least two individuals to act as trustees , then if the trustee by deed declares that he desires to be discharged and his co-trustees consent , he shall be deemed to have retired from the trust .
section 39 trustee act 1925 provides that where a trustee desires to be discharged from the trust and where after his discharge there will be either a trust corporation or at least two individuals to act as trustees , then if the trustee by deed declares that he desires to be discharged and his co-trustees consent , he shall be [considered] to have retired from the trust .

Wallace had a good goal disallowed as Strach was on the far edge of the 6 yard box and deemed to be interfering with play when Wallace scored .
wallace had a good goal disallowed as strach was on the far edge of the 6 yard box and [considered] to be interfering with play when wallace scored .

Where a development requires the authorisation of a government department ( as do developments involving compulsory purchase orders , work requiring loan sanction and developments such as local authority housing on which government grants are paid ) the authorisation is usually accompanied by ‘ deemed planning permission ’ .
where a development requires the authorisation of a government department ( as do developments involving compulsory purchase orders , work requiring loan sanction and developments such as local authority housing on which government grants are paid ) the authorisation is usually accompanied by ‘ [considered] planning permission ’ .

There are over 12,000 deemed permissions annually ( 1984–85 ) and most are uncontroversial .
there are over 12,000 [considered] permissions annually ( 1984–85 ) and most are uncontroversial .

However , certain categories of advertisement can be displayed without ‘ express consent ’ ; so long as the local authority takes no action , they are deemed to have received consent .
however , certain categories of advertisement can be displayed without ‘ express consent ’ ; so long as the local authority takes no action , they are [considered] to have received consent .

Except in relation to advertisements to which the deemed consent procedure applies , a local authority can serve a discontinuance order when it is satisfied that removal is necessary ‘ to remedy a substantial injury to the amenity of the locality or a danger to members of the public ’ .
except in relation to advertisements to which the [considered] consent procedure applies , a local authority can serve a discontinuance order when it is satisfied that removal is necessary ‘ to remedy a substantial injury to the amenity of the locality or a danger to members of the public ’ .

Therefore , in order to make sense of these responses ‘ yes ’ answers were deemed to be referring to all practices .
therefore , in order to make sense of these responses ‘ yes ’ answers were [considered] to be referring to all practices .

The Defendants had to prove these communications were not records because if they were deemed records then the records management responsibility clearly stated each agency ‘ maintain an active , continuing programme for the economical and efficient management of the records of the agency ‘ with ‘ safeguards against the removal or loss of records he ( the agency head ) determines to be necessary and required by the Archivist .
the defendants had to prove these communications were not records because if they were [considered] records then the records management responsibility clearly stated each agency ‘ maintain an active , continuing programme for the economical and efficient management of the records of the agency ‘ with ‘ safeguards against the removal or loss of records he ( the agency head ) determines to be necessary and required by the archivist .

The Court ruled that , even if the agencies staff were instructed to print out what they deemed to be records , the electronic material are ‘ quantitatively different than a copy printed out in paper form and , therefore the Defendants ’ record keeping system violates ( the statute ) because it does not save all the information contained in these electronic records .
the court ruled that , even if the agencies staff were instructed to print out what they [considered] to be records , the electronic material are ‘ quantitatively different than a copy printed out in paper form and , therefore the defendants ’ record keeping system violates ( the statute ) because it does not save all the information contained in these electronic records .

Where a plaintiff in the first instance desires to have an account taken , the particulars must state the amount which the plaintiff claims subject to the taking of the account , and if no such amount is stated , the plaintiff will be deemed to claim £5,000 ( Ord 6 , r 2 ) .
where a plaintiff in the first instance desires to have an account taken , the particulars must state the amount which the plaintiff claims subject to the taking of the account , and if no such amount is stated , the plaintiff will be [considered] to claim £5,000 ( ord 6 , r 2 ) .

Service by post of documents , other than of originating process , which will obviously be documents served subsequent to the originating process , are deemed to have been served and received if sent by post to the " address for service " , which is defined in Ord 1 , r 3 .
service by post of documents , other than of originating process , which will obviously be documents served subsequent to the originating process , are [considered] to have been served and received if sent by post to the " address for service " , which is defined in ord 1 , r 3 .

Generally service is deemed to have been effected at the time the letter would have been delivered in the ordinary course of post ( s 7 of the Interpretation Act 1978 ) .
generally service is [considered] to have been effected at the time the letter would have been delivered in the ordinary course of post ( s 7 of the interpretation act 1978 ) .

Where an originating process is sent by post ( first class as required ) , the date of service is deemed to be seven days thereafter unless the contrary is proved ( Ord 7 , r 10 ( 3 ) ; Ord 3 rr 4 – 6 ) .
where an originating process is sent by post ( first class as required ) , the date of service is [considered] to be seven days thereafter unless the contrary is proved ( ord 7 , r 10 ( 3 ) ; ord 3 rr 4 – 6 ) .

Service is deemed to have been effected on the date of the certificate ( Ord 7 , r 11 ) .
service is [considered] to have been effected on the date of the certificate ( ord 7 , r 11 ) .

Service must be effected on one of the persons acting or deemed to be acting as solicitor for the department .
service must be effected on one of the persons acting or [considered] to be acting as solicitor for the department .

If a summons is purported to be served otherwise on a person under disability , the court is empowered to order that the summons be deemed duly served ( Ord 10 , r 4(2) ) .
if a summons is purported to be served otherwise on a person under disability , the court is empowered to order that the summons be [considered] duly served ( ord 10 , r 4(2) ) .

Successive summonses bear the same number and date as the original and are deemed to be a continuance of the original fixed date summons ( Ord 7 , r 19 ( 3 ) ) .
successive summonses bear the same number and date as the original and are [considered] to be a continuance of the original fixed date summons ( ord 7 , r 19 ( 3 ) ) .

These are as follows : ( 1 ) When the pleadings are deemed to be closed ; ( a ) there shall be discovery of documents within 28 days , and inspection within seven days thereafter , in accordance with para ( 5 ) ; ( b ) except with the leave of the court or where all parties agree ; ( i ) no expert evidence may be adduced at the trial unless the substance of that evidence has been disclosed to the other parties in the form of a written report within ten weeks ; and ( ii ) subject to para ( 7 ) , the number of expert witnesses of any kind shall be limited to two ; ( c ) photographs and sketch plans and , in an action for personal injuries , the contents of any police accident report book shall be receivable in evidence at the trial and shall be agreed if possible ; ( d ) unless a day has already been fixed , the plaintiff shall within six months request the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing and r 12 shall apply where such request is made .
these are as follows : ( 1 ) when the pleadings are [considered] to be closed ; ( a ) there shall be discovery of documents within 28 days , and inspection within seven days thereafter , in accordance with para ( 5 ) ; ( b ) except with the leave of the court or where all parties agree ; ( i ) no expert evidence may be adduced at the trial unless the substance of that evidence has been disclosed to the other parties in the form of a written report within ten weeks ; and ( ii ) subject to para ( 7 ) , the number of expert witnesses of any kind shall be limited to two ; ( c ) photographs and sketch plans and , in an action for personal injuries , the contents of any police accident report book shall be receivable in evidence at the trial and shall be agreed if possible ; ( d ) unless a day has already been fixed , the plaintiff shall within six months request the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing and r 12 shall apply where such request is made .

( 6 ) If no request is made pursuant to para 1 ( a ) above within 15 months of the day on which pleadings are deemed to be closed ( or within nine months after the expiry of any period fixed by the court for making such a request ) , the action shall be automatically struck out .
( 6 ) if no request is made pursuant to para 1 ( a ) above within 15 months of the day on which pleadings are [considered] to be closed ( or within nine months after the expiry of any period fixed by the court for making such a request ) , the action shall be automatically struck out .

( 8 ) For the purpose of this rule : ( a ) pleadings shall be deemed to be closed 14 days after the delivery of a defence in accordance with Ord 9 , r 2 , or , where a counterclaim is served with the defence , 28 days after the delivery of the defence ; but in an action which has been transferred down from the High Court , pleadings are deemed closed 14 days from transfer .
( 8 ) for the purpose of this rule : ( a ) pleadings shall be [considered] to be closed 14 days after the delivery of a defence in accordance with ord 9 , r 2 , or , where a counterclaim is served with the defence , 28 days after the delivery of the defence ; but in an action which has been transferred down from the high court , pleadings are [considered] closed 14 days from transfer .

Judgment against him can not be obtained by default ( Ord 12 , r 2 ) ; but , if he does not appear at the hearing of the action he is deemed to admit the notice and is bound by any judgment , even if by consent ( Ord 12 , r 3 ( 3 ) ) .
judgment against him can not be obtained by default ( ord 12 , r 2 ) ; but , if he does not appear at the hearing of the action he is [considered] to admit the notice and is bound by any judgment , even if by consent ( ord 12 , r 3 ( 3 ) ) .

Once the process is posted to defendant 's address , if it is not returned by the Post Office , it is deemed to have been delivered , ( see s 7 of the Interpretation Act 1978 ) ; thus applications by defendants will generally seek to show , by affidavit , that the defendant was away from the a ddress , for example , abroad or on a prolonged holiday ; it has been held that he is not entitled to have the judgment set aside ex debito justitiae .
once the process is posted to defendant 's address , if it is not returned by the post office , it is [considered] to have been delivered , ( see s 7 of the interpretation act 1978 ) ; thus applications by defendants will generally seek to show , by affidavit , that the defendant was away from the a ddress , for example , abroad or on a prolonged holiday ; it has been held that he is not entitled to have the judgment set aside ex debito justitiae .

Ord 18 , r13 ( 4 ) used to provide that allegations as to the amount of damages were deemed to be traversed unless specifically admitted .
ord 18 , r13 ( 4 ) used to provide that allegations as to the amount of damages were [considered] to be traversed unless specifically admitted .

This is an important change in practice and unless denied , damages are now deemed to be admitted .
this is an important change in practice and unless denied , damages are now [considered] to be admitted .

The Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted all goods upon their delivery by the Seller to the address specified in the Order .
the purchaser shall be [considered] to have accepted all goods upon their delivery by the seller to the address specified in the order .

If the Seller shall be unable , through circumstances beyond its control ( including without limitation lack of shipping instructions from the Purchaser ) , to deliver the goods within 14 days after notification to the Purchaser or its agent that the goods are ready for delivery , the Seller shall be entitled to arrange storage on behalf of the Purchaser , whereupon delivery shall be deemed to have taken place , all risk in the goods shall pass to the Purchaser , and delivery to the Purchaser of the relevant warehouse receipt shall be deemed to be delivery of the goods for the purposes of Condition 4 .
if the seller shall be unable , through circumstances beyond its control ( including without limitation lack of shipping instructions from the purchaser ) , to deliver the goods within 14 days after notification to the purchaser or its agent that the goods are ready for delivery , the seller shall be entitled to arrange storage on behalf of the purchaser , whereupon delivery shall be [considered] to have taken place , all risk in the goods shall pass to the purchaser , and delivery to the purchaser of the relevant warehouse receipt shall be [considered] to be delivery of the goods for the purposes of condition 4 .

Should you despatch goods to us or perform work for us in accordance with this order without such an acknowledgement , this shall of itself be deemed an acknowledgement falling within this paragraph .
should you despatch goods to us or perform work for us in accordance with this order without such an acknowledgement , this shall of itself be [considered] an acknowledgement falling within this paragraph .

Details of any such contract conditions will be supplied by us on request , but you will be deemed to have accepted the same as part of the terms of this order , whether such request has been made by you or not .
details of any such contract conditions will be supplied by us on request , but you will be [considered] to have accepted the same as part of the terms of this order , whether such request has been made by you or not .

Any notice direction or communication given hereunder by one party to the other if sent by post to the last known place of business of the other party shall be deemed to have been served on the date when in the ordinary course of post it would have been delivered to the other party .
any notice direction or communication given hereunder by one party to the other if sent by post to the last known place of business of the other party shall be [considered] to have been served on the date when in the ordinary course of post it would have been delivered to the other party .

Stipulations in a contract , as to time or otherwise , which according to rules of equity are not deemed to be of the essence of the contract , are construed at law in accordance with the same rules ( Law of Property Act 1925 , s41 ) .
stipulations in a contract , as to time or otherwise , which according to rules of equity are not [considered] to be of the essence of the contract , are construed at law in accordance with the same rules ( law of property act 1925 , s41 ) .

( g ) Fences In the case of wooden fences it is likely to be inferred that in the absence of freeboard the owner of land will use his land to the fullest extent ; and the fence will be deemed to belong to the person on whose side the rails and posts are placed , the palings being placed on his neighbour 's side ( Halsbury 's Laws of England , 4th edn , vol 4 , para 849 ) .
( g ) fences in the case of wooden fences it is likely to be inferred that in the absence of freeboard the owner of land will use his land to the fullest extent ; and the fence will be [considered] to belong to the person on whose side the rails and posts are placed , the palings being placed on his neighbour 's side ( halsbury 's laws of england , 4th edn , vol 4 , para 849 ) .

On a commercial note , it may well be that the insertion of a landlord 's break will reduce the market rent obtainable for the property , a fact which will doubtless manifest itself at the time of the first rent review after the landlord 's power to break has become exercisable . Example 3:7 Landlord 's power to break ( 1 ) The landlord shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than six months ' notice in writing expiring on or after [ date ] if he intends at the expiry of such notice either : ( a ) to demolish or reconstruct the demised property or a substantial part of it or to carry out substantial work of construction on the demised property or part of it ; or ( b ) to occupy the demised property for the purposes or partly for the purposes of a business to be carried on by him ( 2 ) The service of a notice under s25 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 shall be sufficient notice and good service for the purposes of the preceding subclause Example 3:8 Tenant 's power to break on refusal of planning permission The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than three nor more than six months ' notice in writing served not more than one month after the happening of any of the following events : ( 1 ) the refusal or deemed refusal by the local planning authority to renew the planning permission dated [ date ] permitting the use of the demised property for ; ( 2 ) the dismissal by the Secretary of State or an appointed person of any appeal against any such refusal ; ( 3 ) the expiry of the said planning permission Example 3:9 Tenant 's right to break preventing exercise of rights under Landlord and Tenant Act The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … by giving not less than thirteen months ' previous notice to that effect Example 3:10 Tenant 's conditional right to break The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … if : ( 1 ) he gives thirteen months ' written notice to that effect ; and ( 2 ) both at the date of the notice and at the date of its expiry there are neither any outstanding arrears of rent nor any subsisting breach of covenant by the tenant for which the landlord would be entitled to recover damages of more than a nominal amount
on a commercial note , it may well be that the insertion of a landlord 's break will reduce the market rent obtainable for the property , a fact which will doubtless manifest itself at the time of the first rent review after the landlord 's power to break has become exercisable . example 3:7 landlord 's power to break ( 1 ) the landlord shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than six months ' notice in writing expiring on or after [ date ] if he intends at the expiry of such notice either : ( a ) to demolish or reconstruct the demised property or a substantial part of it or to carry out substantial work of construction on the demised property or part of it ; or ( b ) to occupy the demised property for the purposes or partly for the purposes of a business to be carried on by him ( 2 ) the service of a notice under s25 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 shall be sufficient notice and good service for the purposes of the preceding subclause example 3:8 tenant 's power to break on refusal of planning permission the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than three nor more than six months ' notice in writing served not more than one month after the happening of any of the following events : ( 1 ) the refusal or [considered] refusal by the local planning authority to renew the planning permission dated [ date ] permitting the use of the demised property for ; ( 2 ) the dismissal by the secretary of state or an appointed person of any appeal against any such refusal ; ( 3 ) the expiry of the said planning permission example 3:9 tenant 's right to break preventing exercise of rights under landlord and tenant act the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … by giving not less than thirteen months ' previous notice to that effect example 3:10 tenant 's conditional right to break the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … if : ( 1 ) he gives thirteen months ' written notice to that effect ; and ( 2 ) both at the date of the notice and at the date of its expiry there are neither any outstanding arrears of rent nor any subsisting breach of covenant by the tenant for which the landlord would be entitled to recover damages of more than a nominal amount

Thirdly , he may provide that for the purposes of the rent review under the headlease , the sublet property shall be deemed to be let at a rack rent .
thirdly , he may provide that for the purposes of the rent review under the headlease , the sublet property shall be [considered] to be let at a rack rent .

However , the tenant 's advisers must study closely the terms of the deemed subletting .
however , the tenant 's advisers must study closely the terms of the [considered] subletting .

First , is the deemed subletting to be at a fixed rent or at a rent subject to review ?
first , is the [considered] subletting to be at a fixed rent or at a rent subject to review ?

The Articles usually provide that if an executive director or an employee holding shares ceases to be employed by Newco , he shall be deemed to have served a transfer notice in respect of his shares , effectively forcing him to sell .
the articles usually provide that if an executive director or an employee holding shares ceases to be employed by newco , he shall be [considered] to have served a transfer notice in respect of his shares , effectively forcing him to sell .

There are numerous complications that need to be addressed if an earlier transfer date is to deemed to apply and the complications will outweigh the advantages unless there are exceptional circumstances .
there are numerous complications that need to be addressed if an earlier transfer date is to [considered] to apply and the complications will outweigh the advantages unless there are exceptional circumstances .

If the purchaser requires the right of rescission to be available between exchange and completion , the vendor is unlikely to agree to the transfer being deemed to occur during the interim period .
if the purchaser requires the right of rescission to be available between exchange and completion , the vendor is unlikely to agree to the transfer being [considered] to occur during the interim period .

The purchaser would thereby be deemed to have full knowledge of all disputes .
the purchaser would thereby be [considered] to have full knowledge of all disputes .

It is particularly important to note that redundancies may , therefore , be deemed to be unfair dismissals , thereby increasing considerably the question of compensation payable .
it is particularly important to note that redundancies may , therefore , be [considered] to be unfair dismissals , thereby increasing considerably the question of compensation payable .

In 1991 Ecuanor reapplied for the permits under a law permitting mining in protected areas if it were deemed `` in the national interest `` .
in 1991 ecuanor reapplied for the permits under a law permitting mining in protected areas if it were [considered] `` in the national interest `` .

The campaign relies on a provision in the Water Resources Act 1991 , under which company directors are deemed guilty of an offence if their company causes pollution with their `` consent or connivance `` or if it is `` attributable to any neglect `` on their part .
the campaign relies on a provision in the water resources act 1991 , under which company directors are [considered] guilty of an offence if their company causes pollution with their `` consent or connivance `` or if it is `` attributable to any neglect `` on their part .

They were deemed to have breeding and to be the best people to run the land .
they were [considered] to have breeding and to be the best people to run the land .

The development of a form of representative democracy in the nineteenth century led Dicey to distinguish between legal sovereignty , which continued to reside with the triumvirate of the monarch , Lords , and Commons , and political sovereignty , which he deemed to rest with the electorate .
the development of a form of representative democracy in the nineteenth century led dicey to distinguish between legal sovereignty , which continued to reside with the triumvirate of the monarch , lords , and commons , and political sovereignty , which he [considered] to rest with the electorate .

Hence it was reluctant to take the unpopular measures deemed by some to be necessary to tackle Britain 's long-term problems .
hence it was reluctant to take the unpopular measures [considered] by some to be necessary to tackle britain 's long-term problems .

Anteating ( where `` ants `` are deemed for convenience to include termites — another convergence as we shall see ) is a `` trade `` that is filled by a variety of convergent mammals .
anteating ( where `` ants `` are [considered] for convenience to include termites — another convergence as we shall see ) is a `` trade `` that is filled by a variety of convergent mammals .

Nineteen days after the Sunday when he was deemed to have no alternative than to resign in ignominy his leadership was more secure than at any time since the 1929 election .
nineteen days after the sunday when he was [considered] to have no alternative than to resign in ignominy his leadership was more secure than at any time since the 1929 election .

One way of indicating this intention would be to take some action contrary to the object and purpose of the treaty , but such signalling action could be deemed a breach of Article 18 .
one way of indicating this intention would be to take some action contrary to the object and purpose of the treaty , but such signalling action could be [considered] a breach of article 18 .

If this were felt to be a circular situation a formal decision not to ratify could be deemed to negate signature .
if this were felt to be a circular situation a formal decision not to ratify could be [considered] to negate signature .

Neither Nicaragua297 nor any other State had challenged the statements , and they must therefore be deemed to have accepted the classification .
neither nicaragua297 nor any other state had challenged the statements , and they must therefore be [considered] to have accepted the classification .

Article 6 has never been implemented and it is highly unlikely that it would be used in this way , especially as the consequence would be to release the offending State from those Charter principles that were not deemed to be customary international law .
article 6 has never been implemented and it is highly unlikely that it would be used in this way , especially as the consequence would be to release the offending state from those charter principles that were not [considered] to be customary international law .

This may be analogous to the question why a newly independent State is deemed bound by a treaty which brought it into existence .
this may be analogous to the question why a newly independent state is [considered] bound by a treaty which brought it into existence .

The change to ‘ elected ’ was deemed to be inconclusive .
the change to ‘ elected ’ was [considered] to be inconclusive .

No injustice would be caused to these States by holding them to their agreement , for ‘ as a general rule , those who engage in transactions of an economic nature are deemed liable for the obligations which flow therefrom ’ .
no injustice would be caused to these states by holding them to their agreement , for ‘ as a general rule , those who engage in transactions of an economic nature are [considered] liable for the obligations which flow therefrom ’ .

The member States were deemed to be at one with the Organisation and the Tribunal concluded that it had not been their intention to disappear behind its constitution .
the member states were [considered] to be at one with the organisation and the tribunal concluded that it had not been their intention to disappear behind its constitution .

If she made no response , he might well climb over the wall all the same , as he had on the previous night ; on the other hand if she went to him and they were caught his offence would be deemed the worse , for being found on Roscarrock property was one thing , but being caught dallying with a servant girl was another .
if she made no response , he might well climb over the wall all the same , as he had on the previous night ; on the other hand if she went to him and they were caught his offence would be [considered] the worse , for being found on roscarrock property was one thing , but being caught dallying with a servant girl was another .

In the years before 1914 the iron of partisan politics bad entered into the Tory soul , and in the battle for Ulster every weapon had been deemed acceptable .
in the years before 1914 the iron of partisan politics bad entered into the tory soul , and in the battle for ulster every weapon had been [considered] acceptable .

However , any generalist discourse deemed to be insufficiently `` discriminating `` , such as sociology , is banished from the field of English studies : `` Literary history here is strictly a branch of sociology .
however , any generalist discourse [considered] to be insufficiently `` discriminating `` , such as sociology , is banished from the field of english studies : `` literary history here is strictly a branch of sociology .

Because his exhibition programme was among the country 's ( and the world 's ) most impressive , the museum is now deemed a premier destination for philanthropic largesse .
because his exhibition programme was among the country 's ( and the world 's ) most impressive , the museum is now [considered] a premier destination for philanthropic largesse .

Now that sheep-stealing , forming trade unions and various other minor offences do not merit transportation to the colonies , a similar pardon may be granted to those who had been deemed worthy of such punishment in a different age .
now that sheep-stealing , forming trade unions and various other minor offences do not merit transportation to the colonies , a similar pardon may be granted to those who had been [considered] worthy of such punishment in a different age .

And if certain areas of life and behaviour are deemed suitable for morality , but not law , this suggests a view that law has internal limitations which do not relate to its pedigree .
and if certain areas of life and behaviour are [considered] suitable for morality , but not law , this suggests a view that law has internal limitations which do not relate to its pedigree .

In legal procedures personal and family relations have been deemed to be beyond law 's limits .
in legal procedures personal and family relations have been [considered] to be beyond law 's limits .

Predictably , Calder 's miniature ‘ Circus ’ , which he created in Paris in 1926 , was deemed too precious and fragile to join the exhibition 's circuit , but the Royal Academy is screening the film of the artist commanding his ring of performers in 1961 .
predictably , calder 's miniature ‘ circus ’ , which he created in paris in 1926 , was [considered] too precious and fragile to join the exhibition 's circuit , but the royal academy is screening the film of the artist commanding his ring of performers in 1961 .

Qualities deemed necessary for a man of nobility and learning .
qualities [considered] necessary for a man of nobility and learning .

Returning to the three possibilities , consider the second , where competition exists and produces tolerably efficient results , but these are deemed undesirable .
returning to the three possibilities , consider the second , where competition exists and produces tolerably efficient results , but these are [considered] undesirable .

: In some environments ( e.g. doctors ' note-taking on hospital wards ) speech or typed input would be deemed inappropriate for social reasons , whereas handwritten notes are already an established procedure ;
: in some environments ( e.g. doctors ' note-taking on hospital wards ) speech or typed input would be [considered] inappropriate for social reasons , whereas handwritten notes are already an established procedure ;

Some researchers have attempted to model typical human knowledge sources in the form of ’ scripts ’ that could be activated , like human knowledge sources , when deemed relevant .
some researchers have attempted to model typical human knowledge sources in the form of ’ scripts ’ that could be activated , like human knowledge sources , when [considered] relevant .

However , by manual intervention they may be deemed sufficiently semantically related to justify a common index .
however , by manual intervention they may be [considered] sufficiently semantically related to justify a common index .

the level below which certain collocates are deemed to be of too low frequency to be statistically stable .
the level below which certain collocates are [considered] to be of too low frequency to be statistically stable .

This notice would be served on the person who is deemed to be contravening the provision and this could include any person on whom responsibilities are placed , whether he is an employer , an employed person , or a supplier of equipment or materials .
this notice would be served on the person who is [considered] to be contravening the provision and this could include any person on whom responsibilities are placed , whether he is an employer , an employed person , or a supplier of equipment or materials .

The licence is given jointly by the Minister of Finance and the Minister of Trade , and unless the licence is refused within ninety days it is deemed to have been given .
the licence is given jointly by the minister of finance and the minister of trade , and unless the licence is refused within ninety days it is [considered] to have been given .

There are detailed rules as to who are insiders and which dealing is deemed to be an insider dealing without the necessity of close personal connection between the parties of the dealing .
there are detailed rules as to who are insiders and which dealing is [considered] to be an insider dealing without the necessity of close personal connection between the parties of the dealing .

The accompanying ‘ Syllabus of errors ’ had deemed erroneous the belief that public institutions devoted to reaching literature and science should be exempt from the Church 's authority .
the accompanying ‘ syllabus of errors ’ had [considered] erroneous the belief that public institutions devoted to reaching literature and science should be exempt from the church 's authority .

It was not enough that God could have done what Aristotle had deemed impossible .
it was not enough that god could have done what aristotle had [considered] impossible .

Political prosecutions and political imprisonment may be deemed so far in the past as to be without modern day relevance .
political prosecutions and political imprisonment may be [considered] so far in the past as to be without modern day relevance .

The budget process in Congress , in other words , was deemed to be irrational , uncoordinated and inefficient .
the budget process in congress , in other words , was [considered] to be irrational , uncoordinated and inefficient .

Need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and subsequent application was successful .
need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were [considered] to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and subsequent application was successful .

We have already seen how authority within companies is deemed legitimate when it is based on educational achievement and length of service ; attitudes towards public sector bureaucrats who occupy high office are likewise framed by the priority given to individual merit displayed by educational status .
we have already seen how authority within companies is [considered] legitimate when it is based on educational achievement and length of service ; attitudes towards public sector bureaucrats who occupy high office are likewise framed by the priority given to individual merit displayed by educational status .

Note that whilst the axiomatic method permitted , in theory , the assuming of arbitrarily chosen sets of axioms , those adopted were not chosen at random , the aim being to reflect properties of concrete systems already deemed important .
note that whilst the axiomatic method permitted , in theory , the assuming of arbitrarily chosen sets of axioms , those adopted were not chosen at random , the aim being to reflect properties of concrete systems already [considered] important .

Whether it is deemed desirable or not is a different question .
whether it is [considered] desirable or not is a different question .

People were deemed to consent to the system of government they were born under when they came of age by virtue of the fact of their remaining within that particular society .
people were [considered] to consent to the system of government they were born under when they came of age by virtue of the fact of their remaining within that particular society .

Unless you withdrew from the society , you were deemed to have contracted into it ( see 119 , p. 366 ) .
unless you withdrew from the society , you were [considered] to have contracted into it ( see 119 , p. 366 ) .

That is , a question involving calculation was deemed to be practical only if it involved a real-life situation .
that is , a question involving calculation was [considered] to be practical only if it involved a real-life situation .

As each successive Parliament is deemed to be all powerful , logically , that Parliament must have the power to make or unmake any law .
as each successive parliament is [considered] to be all powerful , logically , that parliament must have the power to make or unmake any law .

The period can be extended if continued secrecy is deemed to be in the public interest .
the period can be extended if continued secrecy is [considered] to be in the public interest .

If a fuller search is deemed necessary , it must be done in a suitable place by an officer of the same sex and unless the suspect consents to accompany the officer , he must first be arrested .
if a fuller search is [considered] necessary , it must be done in a suitable place by an officer of the same sex and unless the suspect consents to accompany the officer , he must first be arrested .

That is , the `` manifest dream 's `` apparently irrelevant and unpredictable content was actually deemed to have been systematically arrived at from a `` latent dream `` , whose implicit content had been the subject of some extensive dreamwork .
that is , the `` manifest dream 's `` apparently irrelevant and unpredictable content was actually [considered] to have been systematically arrived at from a `` latent dream `` , whose implicit content had been the subject of some extensive dreamwork .

The early animal links were therefore retained either in the god 's shape , in the attributes assigned to him , or in his association with certain animals deemed to be sacred to him .
the early animal links were therefore retained either in the god 's shape , in the attributes assigned to him , or in his association with certain animals [considered] to be sacred to him .

Out of chaos emerged a self-created god , Atum , who was all or nothing , who was the original sun god of Heliopolis and later deemed to be the creative aspect of Re .
out of chaos emerged a self-created god , atum , who was all or nothing , who was the original sun god of heliopolis and later [considered] to be the creative aspect of re .

Conversely , the Coordinating Team might well have found itself constrained to accept a proposal which met all the technical criteria yet for other reasons would not be deemed appropriate for project involvement .
conversely , the coordinating team might well have found itself constrained to accept a proposal which met all the technical criteria yet for other reasons would not be [considered] appropriate for project involvement .

In short , the appeal of most such ‘ nations ’ and ‘ national movements ’ was the opposite of the nationalism which seeks to bond together those deemed to have common ethnicity , language , culture , historical past , and the rest .
in short , the appeal of most such ‘ nations ’ and ‘ national movements ’ was the opposite of the nationalism which seeks to bond together those [considered] to have common ethnicity , language , culture , historical past , and the rest .

There are variations in the public services deemed necessary , desirable or possible in the circumstances obtaining in different countries at different times .
there are variations in the public services [considered] necessary , desirable or possible in the circumstances obtaining in different countries at different times .

The Secretary of State indicates the level of community charge deemed necessary for each local authority to provide an acceptable standard of local services , He also retains the power to limit the level of community charge in a manner akin to the former ‘ rate-capping ’ powers .
the secretary of state indicates the level of community charge [considered] necessary for each local authority to provide an acceptable standard of local services , he also retains the power to limit the level of community charge in a manner akin to the former ‘ rate-capping ’ powers .

All would be committed to common goals and values , but they would ‘ know their place ’ and accept the ration of power and advantage deemed suitable for their social position .
all would be committed to common goals and values , but they would ‘ know their place ’ and accept the ration of power and advantage [considered] suitable for their social position .

He was willing to take from the divergent policies of the Chinese and Russian parties whatever he deemed appropriate for success ; he was inspired by Mao 's mass mobilisation but equally impressed by the authority and ruthless direction shown by Stalin .
he was willing to take from the divergent policies of the chinese and russian parties whatever he [considered] appropriate for success ; he was inspired by mao 's mass mobilisation but equally impressed by the authority and ruthless direction shown by stalin .

If Korea was deemed vital , Jacobs recommended liquidation of the Moscow agreement as rapidly as possible and the full implications in cost and personnel worked out .
if korea was [considered] vital , jacobs recommended liquidation of the moscow agreement as rapidly as possible and the full implications in cost and personnel worked out .

Rhee therefore failed to secure the definite promises of American support that he deemed to be essential .
rhee therefore failed to secure the definite promises of american support that he [considered] to be essential .

MacArthur deemed it vital that ‘ if and when the Japanese are permitted an army that it not be run by the ‘ old crowd ’ and in the old way but that , as Colonel Babcock put it , be a ‘ democratic army ’ .
macarthur [considered] it vital that ‘ if and when the japanese are permitted an army that it not be run by the ‘ old crowd ’ and in the old way but that , as colonel babcock put it , be a ‘ democratic army ’ .

‘ Successful ’ though it is deemed to be , the new Cavalier took seven years from conception to launch — an extremely long time , and a year longer than planned .
‘ successful ’ though it is [considered] to be , the new cavalier took seven years from conception to launch — an extremely long time , and a year longer than planned .

Clearance and redevelopment took their toll in a planning system which decreed that the densities deemed acceptable by the Victorian house builders were not appropriate for the late twentieth century .
clearance and redevelopment took their toll in a planning system which decreed that the densities [considered] acceptable by the victorian house builders were not appropriate for the late twentieth century .

Criticisms such as these were so widely deemed effective that by the middle of the 1960s Realism was popularly held to have been superseded as the dominant approach in the discipline .
criticisms such as these were so widely [considered] effective that by the middle of the 1960s realism was popularly held to have been superseded as the dominant approach in the discipline .

Here lies what was later deemed a confusion between two ideas of necessity .
here lies what was later [considered] a confusion between two ideas of necessity .

Theories of such general character all fail Popper 's demand for clear conditions under which experience would be deemed to refute them .
theories of such general character all fail popper 's demand for clear conditions under which experience would be [considered] to refute them .

Each explanation creates anomalies but , as noted , a theory can live with many anomalies before they need be deemed counter-examples .
each explanation creates anomalies but , as noted , a theory can live with many anomalies before they need be [considered] counter-examples .

For these reasons the moral dimension of world politics has not been deemed to constitute an overriding objection to the development of International Relations theory .
for these reasons the moral dimension of world politics has not been [considered] to constitute an overriding objection to the development of international relations theory .

Although social , political and economic factors were obviously important , the administrative machinery of government was geared ultimately towards creating a culture which earned God 's endorsement and fulfilled what was deemed to be His will .
although social , political and economic factors were obviously important , the administrative machinery of government was geared ultimately towards creating a culture which earned god 's endorsement and fulfilled what was [considered] to be his will .

That such a man should be placed in the role of ruler over God 's chosen people was deemed a curse — an affliction visited by God upon His people , a punishment for transgression both past and present .
that such a man should be placed in the role of ruler over god 's chosen people was [considered] a curse — an affliction visited by god upon his people , a punishment for transgression both past and present .

And to that extent , the king himself was deemed expendable .
and to that extent , the king himself was [considered] expendable .

Once again , it would seem clear that we are dealing with the same individual , whose militant nationalism it was deemed expedient to conceal .
once again , it would seem clear that we are dealing with the same individual , whose militant nationalism it was [considered] expedient to conceal .

They were also seeking to purge their religion of recently acquired alien elements and to restore it to what they deemed its original purity .
they were also seeking to purge their religion of recently acquired alien elements and to restore it to what they [considered] its original purity .

On the one hand , there would appear to have been Jesus 's own aristocratic and royal pedigree , which , as we have discussed , Herod , as a usurper , deemed a threat to his legitimacy .
on the one hand , there would appear to have been jesus 's own aristocratic and royal pedigree , which , as we have discussed , herod , as a usurper , [considered] a threat to his legitimacy .

The Celtic Church apparently deemed one immersion sufficient , while Rome demanded three .
the celtic church apparently [considered] one immersion sufficient , while rome demanded three .

Women were deemed unclean during and immediately after childbirth .
women were [considered] unclean during and immediately after childbirth .

if the Convention were deemed to supplant the Federal Rules as the governing law on discovery from a litigant , in this case it would entirely deprive plaintiffs of a major tool of discovery against [ the defendant ] .
if the convention were [considered] to supplant the federal rules as the governing law on discovery from a litigant , in this case it would entirely deprive plaintiffs of a major tool of discovery against [ the defendant ] .

It will probably be passed alto to a small committee of the European Parliament , but the Parliament has already voted by a large majority in favour of a ban and a further reference may be deemed unnecessary .
it will probably be passed alto to a small committee of the european parliament , but the parliament has already voted by a large majority in favour of a ban and a further reference may be [considered] unnecessary .

In this context community care was taken to encompass both residential care and care which it was deemed appropriate for local health and social service authorities to provide in non-institutional settings .
in this context community care was taken to encompass both residential care and care which it was [considered] appropriate for local health and social service authorities to provide in non-institutional settings .

Yet when viewed from the ‘ outside ’ , the ‘ deviance ’ that such acts are deemed to possess is assured only by virtue of a community 's orientation to them as wrong , immoral , evil , etc .
yet when viewed from the ‘ outside ’ , the ‘ deviance ’ that such acts are [considered] to possess is assured only by virtue of a community 's orientation to them as wrong , immoral , evil , etc .

Finally , one must look for some representation in accounts of the personal style deemed appropriate in an encounter in a given type of situation .
finally , one must look for some representation in accounts of the personal style [considered] appropriate in an encounter in a given type of situation .

Any action by the teacher which is deemed an offence is retaliated against without question .
any action by the teacher which is [considered] an offence is retaliated against without question .

Teachers who were arrogant and distant fell into this category and it is easy to see how they offend against the central principle and are deemed contemptuous . Two typical comments along these lines are as follows :
teachers who were arrogant and distant fell into this category and it is easy to see how they offend against the central principle and are [considered] contemptuous . two typical comments along these lines are as follows :

we must ask whose opinions in the classroom setting are crucial in the judgment of what is deemed proper action .
we must ask whose opinions in the classroom setting are crucial in the judgment of what is [considered] proper action .

However , if an activity is deemed unacceptable , it would seem that even partial enforcement would be preferable to no enforcement at all .
however , if an activity is [considered] unacceptable , it would seem that even partial enforcement would be preferable to no enforcement at all .

It is clear from s.1 ( 2 ) that once deemed an insider , the individual can be held liable for dealings in the securities of companies with which he has no direct relationship .
it is clear from s.1 ( 2 ) that once [considered] an insider , the individual can be held liable for dealings in the securities of companies with which he has no direct relationship .

[ Where a person , not appointed as a trustee , ] has received trust property with actual or constructive notice that it is trust property transferred in breach of trust , or because , not being a bona fide purchaser for value without notice , he acquires notice subsequent to such receipt and then deals with the property in a manner inconsistent with the trust , [ he is deemed a constructive trustee . ]
[ where a person , not appointed as a trustee , ] has received trust property with actual or constructive notice that it is trust property transferred in breach of trust , or because , not being a bona fide purchaser for value without notice , he acquires notice subsequent to such receipt and then deals with the property in a manner inconsistent with the trust , [ he is [considered] a constructive trustee . ]

It is important to note that the court has deemed such insiders as tippers rather than tippees .
it is important to note that the court has [considered] such insiders as tippers rather than tippees .

One solution is to adopt the North American practice of providing patients with a comprehensive list of postoperative complications , but to most British doctors the prospect of burdening patients with ‘ unwanted ’ information about what might go wrong is deemed to be both unhelpful and unkind .
one solution is to adopt the north american practice of providing patients with a comprehensive list of postoperative complications , but to most british doctors the prospect of burdening patients with ‘ unwanted ’ information about what might go wrong is [considered] to be both unhelpful and unkind .

An unnecessary operation was deemed to be one that was performed without pathological evidence of surgically remediable disease .
an unnecessary operation was [considered] to be one that was performed without pathological evidence of surgically remediable disease .

In the section of the article entitled ‘ Managing inoculation incidents in theatre ’ the authors seem to discourage surgeons from reporting ‘ minor sharps injuries , without bleeding , ’ or injuries involving a patient not deemed to be at high risk .
in the section of the article entitled ‘ managing inoculation incidents in theatre ’ the authors seem to discourage surgeons from reporting ‘ minor sharps injuries , without bleeding , ’ or injuries involving a patient not [considered] to be at high risk .

This is deemed the choice posting for a fighter pilot , and the final chapter gives you about as much insight into flying one of these extraordinary aircraft as you are likely to achieve short of flying one yourself .
this is [considered] the choice posting for a fighter pilot , and the final chapter gives you about as much insight into flying one of these extraordinary aircraft as you are likely to achieve short of flying one yourself .

Hegel suggests that we all aim to be recognised by others wanting to be noticed by others , to be deemed worthy by others are traits we all have .
hegel suggests that we all aim to be recognised by others wanting to be noticed by others , to be [considered] worthy by others are traits we all have .

This was an attempt to retain some of the advantages of the gold standard , since stable rates of exchange were thought to be beneficial to the conduct of trade and other international transactions , and yet adjustments in the exchange rate were deemed desirable for a country facing a permanent payments imbalance .
this was an attempt to retain some of the advantages of the gold standard , since stable rates of exchange were thought to be beneficial to the conduct of trade and other international transactions , and yet adjustments in the exchange rate were [considered] desirable for a country facing a permanent payments imbalance .

The Bretton Woods arrangements were designated to foster a network of multilateral trade and payments in the world as a whole , since this was deemed desirable for the development of world trade .
the bretton woods arrangements were designated to foster a network of multilateral trade and payments in the world as a whole , since this was [considered] desirable for the development of world trade .

Since 1948 , for example , the elderly have no longer been deemed to be the financial responsibility of their adult children or grandchildren .
since 1948 , for example , the elderly have no longer been [considered] to be the financial responsibility of their adult children or grandchildren .

The material was deemed faulty and Mr Martinson was emptying it from his truck when it splashed over him , causing severe burns .
the material was [considered] faulty and mr martinson was emptying it from his truck when it splashed over him , causing severe burns .

Languages are not deemed to represent a discrete occupation because they are generic and can be applied to all occupations .
languages are not [considered] to represent a discrete occupation because they are generic and can be applied to all occupations .

Proposals include ; increased powers which will allow environmental Health Officers to impound food which is deemed unfit for consumption , introduction of ‘ use by ’ rather than ‘ sell by ’ dates on perishable goods , registration of both food-selling premises and flocks of egg-laying hens , the pasteurisation of milk from sheep and goats , an increase in the control of temperatures at which food is stored , and the irradiation of some foods .
proposals include ; increased powers which will allow environmental health officers to impound food which is [considered] unfit for consumption , introduction of ‘ use by ’ rather than ‘ sell by ’ dates on perishable goods , registration of both food-selling premises and flocks of egg-laying hens , the pasteurisation of milk from sheep and goats , an increase in the control of temperatures at which food is stored , and the irradiation of some foods .

When this is translated into indoor office accommodation , it is those complexes which have adopted a planned approach that are deemed most ‘ user friendly ’ .
when this is translated into indoor office accommodation , it is those complexes which have adopted a planned approach that are [considered] most ‘ user friendly ’ .

( 1 ) ( ii ) For the purpose of Clause ( 1 ) ( i ) ‘ Damage to Vehicles ’ shall be deemed to include : —
( 1 ) ( ii ) for the purpose of clause ( 1 ) ( i ) ‘ damage to vehicles ’ shall be [considered] to include : —

Previously when providing explosion cover on an air receiver , the insurance was deemed to include explosion of the air compressor working with the receiver .
previously when providing explosion cover on an air receiver , the insurance was [considered] to include explosion of the air compressor working with the receiver .

It is no longer our intention to provide this cover automatically as an air compressor would be deemed as Own Surrounding Property and therefore would only be covered for explosion risks if this endorsement was taken out along with the basic cover on the air receiver .
it is no longer our intention to provide this cover automatically as an air compressor would be [considered] as own surrounding property and therefore would only be covered for explosion risks if this endorsement was taken out along with the basic cover on the air receiver .

In the case of estate cars and hatchbacks , property in the luggage space at the rear under a top cover and out of view , is deemed to be in a locked boot .
in the case of estate cars and hatchbacks , property in the luggage space at the rear under a top cover and out of view , is [considered] to be in a locked boot .

In that case the vessel should be deemed to be a constructive total loss .
in that case the vessel should be [considered] to be a constructive total loss .

In the event of a change in the standard terms applying to the Insurers ' usual forms of Household Buildings insurances the Society will be notified and this notice will be deemed to be sufficient notification in respect of all such policies as may be subject to this Agreement .
in the event of a change in the standard terms applying to the insurers ' usual forms of household buildings insurances the society will be notified and this notice will be [considered] to be sufficient notification in respect of all such policies as may be subject to this agreement .

Initial findings of a survey on what were deemed unnecessary compliance costs in the direct tax system found that the collection of National Insurance Contributions was a major concern , the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales said .
initial findings of a survey on what were [considered] unnecessary compliance costs in the direct tax system found that the collection of national insurance contributions was a major concern , the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales said .

Supplies will be deemed to have taken place even if the contract under which title passes also obliges the repairer to sell the goods back in their altered state to the original owner , Customs said .
supplies will be [considered] to have taken place even if the contract under which title passes also obliges the repairer to sell the goods back in their altered state to the original owner , customs said .

That is , 5 % ( June ) and 4 % ( November ) of all pupils surveyed were deemed by experienced and knowledgeable staff to be ‘ real ’ truants .
that is , 5 % ( june ) and 4 % ( november ) of all pupils surveyed were [considered] by experienced and knowledgeable staff to be ‘ real ’ truants .

They have advised that , in order to achieve this , they must receive their invoice before 5 March 1993 ‘ with major works deemed to be complete .
they have advised that , in order to achieve this , they must receive their invoice before 5 march 1993 ‘ with major works [considered] to be complete .

It might be deemed unethical , however , to perform a controlled trial .
it might be [considered] unethical , however , to perform a controlled trial .

Faecal occult blood testing is the only realistic method available today for periodic screening of people deemed to be at average risk of colorectal cancer .
faecal occult blood testing is the only realistic method available today for periodic screening of people [considered] to be at average risk of colorectal cancer .

He is alive and under follow up surgery was not deemed appropriate due to his generally weak condition .
he is alive and under follow up surgery was not [considered] appropriate due to his generally weak condition .

This ‘ separability ’ is a weakness if an interdependent view of income distribution is deemed crucial ( see Sen 1973 ) .
this ‘ separability ’ is a weakness if an interdependent view of income distribution is [considered] crucial ( see sen 1973 ) .

Once deemed ugly and unsafe , the structure is today the pride of the capital .
once [considered] ugly and unsafe , the structure is today the pride of the capital .

Although Southall itself may be deemed ’ safe ’ from racial attacks , one has only to step outside the 4 sq miles to realise the extent to which women 's lives are determined by the fear of violence .
although southall itself may be [considered] ’ safe ’ from racial attacks , one has only to step outside the 4 sq miles to realise the extent to which women 's lives are determined by the fear of violence .

Waste once considered safe is now deemed hazardous .
waste once considered safe is now [considered] hazardous .

The latest controversy centred on an amendment to its Islamic Law Administration Act passed by the Selangor State Assembly on July 19 , 1989 , which permitted formal conversion to Islam of minors without parental consent , on the grounds that Islamic law deemed a person an adult from the onset of puberty .
the latest controversy centred on an amendment to its islamic law administration act passed by the selangor state assembly on july 19 , 1989 , which permitted formal conversion to islam of minors without parental consent , on the grounds that islamic law [considered] a person an adult from the onset of puberty .

The Chamber of Deputies , by 126 votes to 69 , with 12 abstentions , on March 29 approved a law allowing abortions during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy for women who were deemed by doctors to be `` in a state of distress `` .
the chamber of deputies , by 126 votes to 69 , with 12 abstentions , on march 29 approved a law allowing abortions during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy for women who were [considered] by doctors to be `` in a state of distress `` .

By April 19 The Times reported that the police had visited the offices of a number of Istanbul publishing houses and that printers had cancelled orders to print 18 periodicals deemed in the past to have shown some sympathy to the Kurdish cause .
by april 19 the times reported that the police had visited the offices of a number of istanbul publishing houses and that printers had cancelled orders to print 18 periodicals [considered] in the past to have shown some sympathy to the kurdish cause .

Progress both in environmental conservation and technology were officially deemed inadequate , even though 12,000 million roubles were spent on the former .
progress both in environmental conservation and technology were officially [considered] inadequate , even though 12,000 million roubles were spent on the former .

36385 ; 36411 ] on Jan. 18 , 1989 , Schäuble , then Head of the Federal Chancellery , announced that the federal government had received as far back as August 1987 information that Imhausen-Chemie , a West German company , had been involved in the construction in Libya , of a plant deemed by United States intelligence to be capable of manufacturing chemical weapons .
36385 ; 36411 ] on jan. 18 , 1989 , schäuble , then head of the federal chancellery , announced that the federal government had received as far back as august 1987 information that imhausen-chemie , a west german company , had been involved in the construction in libya , of a plant [considered] by united states intelligence to be capable of manufacturing chemical weapons .

Following the disclosure in November 1989 of the discovery of 900,000 secret files on Swiss citizens and foreigners in the federal prosecutor 's office [ see p. 37331 ] , the military counter-intelligence chief and federal police chief , Peter Huber , was sent on indefinite leave as from Feb. 14 , 1990 , after it emerged that a blacklist of 4,000-5,000 members of the armed forces deemed to be a security risk had also been kept .
following the disclosure in november 1989 of the discovery of 900,000 secret files on swiss citizens and foreigners in the federal prosecutor 's office [ see p. 37331 ] , the military counter-intelligence chief and federal police chief , peter huber , was sent on indefinite leave as from feb. 14 , 1990 , after it emerged that a blacklist of 4,000-5,000 members of the armed forces [considered] to be a security risk had also been kept .

It was prompted by the disclosure in November 1989 by a parliamentary commission investigating the Kopp affair [ see p. 37261 ] that the federal prosecutor 's office held 900,000 secret files on 200,000 Swiss citizens and foreign residents deemed to be threats to state security .
it was prompted by the disclosure in november 1989 by a parliamentary commission investigating the kopp affair [ see p. 37261 ] that the federal prosecutor 's office held 900,000 secret files on 200,000 swiss citizens and foreign residents [considered] to be threats to state security .

Two months after the military crackdown in Beijing in June 1989 , it was announced that university student intake would be cut from 640,000 to 610,000 in the next academic year , and that `` specialities mainly in the social science fields which the State has deemed for a long time to have turned out personnel not qualified for socialist construction `` would be suspended .
two months after the military crackdown in beijing in june 1989 , it was announced that university student intake would be cut from 640,000 to 610,000 in the next academic year , and that `` specialities mainly in the social science fields which the state has [considered] for a long time to have turned out personnel not qualified for socialist construction `` would be suspended .

Rothstein deemed that the Act violated the First Amendment 's guarantee of freedom of expression , and stated that " in order for the flag to endure as a symbol of freedom in this nation , we must protect with equal vigour the right to destroy it and the right to wave it " .
rothstein [considered] that the act violated the first amendment 's guarantee of freedom of expression , and stated that " in order for the flag to endure as a symbol of freedom in this nation , we must protect with equal vigour the right to destroy it and the right to wave it " .

Likewise within any one human society , there are always very complex regulations , partly explicit , partly implicit , about the precise circumstances in which a sexual relationship between two individuals is to be deemed proper or improper , and this again serves to distinguish social categories : close relatives from distant relatives , wives from sisters , lords from commoners .
likewise within any one human society , there are always very complex regulations , partly explicit , partly implicit , about the precise circumstances in which a sexual relationship between two individuals is to be [considered] proper or improper , and this again serves to distinguish social categories : close relatives from distant relatives , wives from sisters , lords from commoners .

Offices are deemed to be permanently related to one another in a structure of kinship .
offices are [considered] to be permanently related to one another in a structure of kinship .

In those cases where the use of a guide price is deemed sensible , the pricing analysis will determine the estimated asking price which will generally be given as a range of values .
in those cases where the use of a guide price is [considered] sensible , the pricing analysis will determine the estimated asking price which will generally be given as a range of values .

The disclosure letter will frequently have attached to it , or referred to in it , a significant amount of documents which are deemed to be disclosed , so it is vital that the acquirer insists on receiving this material early enough to be able properly to evaluate it .
the disclosure letter will frequently have attached to it , or referred to in it , a significant amount of documents which are [considered] to be disclosed , so it is vital that the acquirer insists on receiving this material early enough to be able properly to evaluate it .

While our client intends to proceed as outlined above , they reserve the right under their own discretion to modify the timetable and sequence of events as deemed appropriate .
while our client intends to proceed as outlined above , they reserve the right under their own discretion to modify the timetable and sequence of events as [considered] appropriate .

You shall not be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement if you are compelled by law or any regulatory authority to disclose the Information or any part thereof .
you shall not be [considered] to be in breach of this agreement if you are compelled by law or any regulatory authority to disclose the information or any part thereof .

Even then the European cause deemed hopeless .
even then the european cause [considered] hopeless .

Most ambitious play was deemed to be Bardic 's ‘ The theatre went to Gregory Lavery in the same play .
most ambitious play was [considered] to be bardic 's ‘ the theatre went to gregory lavery in the same play .

For with ‘ grossing up ’ he is deemed to have given away both the gift and the tax on it so that his total giving reaches quickly to astronomic heights .
for with ‘ grossing up ’ he is [considered] to have given away both the gift and the tax on it so that his total giving reaches quickly to astronomic heights .

There is also the further of point that the new tax extends not only to actual disposals but to deemed disposals where , after 17th December 1973 , a chargeable building is first let or occupied to a material extent after the commencement of relevant development , ie , there may thus be a charge to tax not only on realised gains but also on unrealised gains .
there is also the further of point that the new tax extends not only to actual disposals but to [considered] disposals where , after 17th december 1973 , a chargeable building is first let or occupied to a material extent after the commencement of relevant development , ie , there may thus be a charge to tax not only on realised gains but also on unrealised gains .

If the order is unopposed it is deemed on introduction into the First House to have passed the committee stage and so the procedure is quite short ; it is repeated in the Second House .
if the order is unopposed it is [considered] on introduction into the first house to have passed the committee stage and so the procedure is quite short ; it is repeated in the second house .

Section 57 states : ‘ In the case of a sale by auction — ; ( 1 ) Where goods are put up for sale by auction in lots , each lot is prima facie deemed to be the subject of a separate contract of sale .
section 57 states : ‘ in the case of a sale by auction — ; ( 1 ) where goods are put up for sale by auction in lots , each lot is prima facie [considered] to be the subject of a separate contract of sale .

In his own way he was as dangerous as Marcus — had n't he already trapped her into staying with him longer than she deemed either necessary or wise ?
in his own way he was as dangerous as marcus — had n't he already trapped her into staying with him longer than she [considered] either necessary or wise ?

Alternatively the bar can be deemed to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .
alternatively the bar can be [considered] to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .

They were not popular , Long deemed too grey , Oulton too abstract .
they were not popular , long [considered] too grey , oulton too abstract .

Full credit goes to secretary for organising the event which was deemed a great success .
full credit goes to secretary for organising the event which was [considered] a great success .

The evening was deemed a great success — in more ways than one — as , in addition to the excellent dinner and the dancing , it also happened to be Red Nose Day and by fair means and foul the 155 people who attended , plus contributions from the social club , and the company , a total of £270 was raised for Comic Relief .
the evening was [considered] a great success — in more ways than one — as , in addition to the excellent dinner and the dancing , it also happened to be red nose day and by fair means and foul the 155 people who attended , plus contributions from the social club , and the company , a total of £270 was raised for comic relief .

The judges unanimously deemed Malta to be the winner for the second year running .
the judges unanimously [considered] malta to be the winner for the second year running .

Her or his rights before the law are , for example , deemed to be equal to those of a company director .
her or his rights before the law are , for example , [considered] to be equal to those of a company director .

Detailed empirical work by , for example , Davies and Kramer and Young , focused on the ways in which planners and other public officials managed not only to frustrate the intentions of elected officials but , often in a highly paternalistic way , created strategies which simultaneously operated in their own interests while still deemed to be in the interests of the general public .
detailed empirical work by , for example , davies and kramer and young , focused on the ways in which planners and other public officials managed not only to frustrate the intentions of elected officials but , often in a highly paternalistic way , created strategies which simultaneously operated in their own interests while still [considered] to be in the interests of the general public .

Nominees who do not attend the party conference shall be deemed to have withdrawn their nominations unless they send to the secretary on or before the date on which the conference opens an explanation in writing of their absence , satisfactory to the party Conference Arrangements Committee .
nominees who do not attend the party conference shall be [considered] to have withdrawn their nominations unless they send to the secretary on or before the date on which the conference opens an explanation in writing of their absence , satisfactory to the party conference arrangements committee .

She sits there , nearly crushing the spindly , modish bench some twee designer has deemed appropriate for business chitchat .
she sits there , nearly crushing the spindly , modish bench some twee designer has [considered] appropriate for business chitchat .

All staff are expected to help entertain key clients , socialise constructively with suppliers and trading partners , and carry out any on the spot research projects deemed necessary by our department heads .
all staff are expected to help entertain key clients , socialise constructively with suppliers and trading partners , and carry out any on the spot research projects [considered] necessary by our department heads .

‘ You 're dreamy today , McAllister , ’ said Miss Mates accusingly , making Sally-Anne scrub the kitchen floor all over again , the first effort not being deemed sufficiently satisfactory .
‘ you 're dreamy today , mcallister , ’ said miss mates accusingly , making sally-anne scrub the kitchen floor all over again , the first effort not being [considered] sufficiently satisfactory .

From 1957 onwards some buildings began to be used to incarcerate difficult mental patients , or those deemed ‘ untreatable ’ , from other Greek hospitals .
from 1957 onwards some buildings began to be used to incarcerate difficult mental patients , or those [considered] ‘ untreatable ’ , from other greek hospitals .

Following this reduction to a less serious ' offence , sentencing policy seems to be that the offence of taking vehicles without consent is not in isolation deemed to be serious enough to attract a custodial sentence .
following this reduction to a less serious ' offence , sentencing policy seems to be that the offence of taking vehicles without consent is not in isolation [considered] to be serious enough to attract a custodial sentence .

Will my right hon. Friend take time today to congratulate those who are running successful neighbourhood watch schemes in Dartford ? Does he agree that neighbourhood watches can be deemed only an aid to proper policing , in terms of numbers and police efficiency ? Will my right hon. Friend intervene with the chairman of Kent police authority to ensure that Dartford has its fair share of the new allocation of extra manpower for the county of Kent ?
will my right hon. friend take time today to congratulate those who are running successful neighbourhood watch schemes in dartford ? does he agree that neighbourhood watches can be [considered] only an aid to proper policing , in terms of numbers and police efficiency ? will my right hon. friend intervene with the chairman of kent police authority to ensure that dartford has its fair share of the new allocation of extra manpower for the county of kent ?

In view of the growing international concern about the use of children and young people in various conflicts , especially in third-world countries , how on earth can the Minister possibly justify a situation in this country whereby a young lad can join the Army at the age of 16 , or in some cases at the age of 15 , but if he changes his mind and wants to leave after serving more than six months he can not do so and is forced to continue in the armed services until the age of 21 ? Is not it about time that the Government stopped this practice of recruiting and exploiting young people who are deemed not old enough to cast a vote but in some cases are being forced to continue in the Army and can be put into armed combat , as they were during the Gulf war ?
in view of the growing international concern about the use of children and young people in various conflicts , especially in third-world countries , how on earth can the minister possibly justify a situation in this country whereby a young lad can join the army at the age of 16 , or in some cases at the age of 15 , but if he changes his mind and wants to leave after serving more than six months he can not do so and is forced to continue in the armed services until the age of 21 ? is not it about time that the government stopped this practice of recruiting and exploiting young people who are [considered] not old enough to cast a vote but in some cases are being forced to continue in the army and can be put into armed combat , as they were during the gulf war ?

Their liability will not be based on what they have actually paid for their house but what it is deemed to be worth without discount .
their liability will not be based on what they have actually paid for their house but what it is [considered] to be worth without discount .

In some instances an applicaton may be deemed to be bogus after a two-year delay .
in some instances an applicaton may be [considered] to be bogus after a two-year delay .

Motion made , and Question proposed , That the Promoters of the King 's Cross Railways Bill may , notwithstanding anything in the Standing Orders or practice of this House , proceed with the Bill in the present Session ; and the Petition for the Bill shall be deemed to have been deposited and all Standing Orders applicable thereto shall be deemed to have been complied with ;
motion made , and question proposed , that the promoters of the king 's cross railways bill may , notwithstanding anything in the standing orders or practice of this house , proceed with the bill in the present session ; and the petition for the bill shall be [considered] to have been deposited and all standing orders applicable thereto shall be [considered] to have been complied with ;

It also provides that after six months , unsolicited goods are deemed to be an unconditional gift to the recipient .
it also provides that after six months , unsolicited goods are [considered] to be an unconditional gift to the recipient .

The computer may well use a list of terms deemed to be useful in indexing ( that is , a type of thesaurus ) to identify appropriate terms .
the computer may well use a list of terms [considered] to be useful in indexing ( that is , a type of thesaurus ) to identify appropriate terms .

In order to achieve the above expressiveness , major reallocation of notation would have been required ; this is not deemed desirable .
in order to achieve the above expressiveness , major reallocation of notation would have been required ; this is not [considered] desirable .

Such schools have to be ‘ deemed ’ either primary ( normally 8–12 ) or secondary ( normally 9–13 ) schools for purposes of classification .
such schools have to be ‘ [considered] ’ either primary ( normally 8–12 ) or secondary ( normally 9–13 ) schools for purposes of classification .

This reserved money was offered in the form of education support grants ( ESGs ) of up to 75 % of the cost of each project , in areas of education that the Secretary of State had deemed to be important .
this reserved money was offered in the form of education support grants ( esgs ) of up to 75 % of the cost of each project , in areas of education that the secretary of state had [considered] to be important .

In the United Kingdom in 1988 , there were nearly 25,000 maintained primary schools , including 586 middle schools deemed primary .
in the united kingdom in 1988 , there were nearly 25,000 maintained primary schools , including 586 middle schools [considered] primary .

People who hold these posts are deemed able to carry out research without supervision .
people who hold these posts are [considered] able to carry out research without supervision .

He would not dare ask for money ; instead it would be up to the gentleman to raise the matter and to give payment when he deemed suitable .
he would not dare ask for money ; instead it would be up to the gentleman to raise the matter and to give payment when he [considered] suitable .

that past consideration is no consideration ) is frequently evaded by means of the fiction that the promise made subsequent to the consideration merely fixes the amount due under an earlier promise deemed to exist contemporaneously with the consideration .
that past consideration is no consideration ) is frequently evaded by means of the fiction that the promise made subsequent to the consideration merely fixes the amount due under an earlier promise [considered] to exist contemporaneously with the consideration .

Such a debt or liability is deemed valuable consideration whether the bill is payable on demand or at a future time .
such a debt or liability is [considered] valuable consideration whether the bill is payable on demand or at a future time .

Where value has at any time been given for a bill the holder is deemed to be a holder for value as regards the acceptor and all parties to the bill who became parties prior to such time .
where value has at any time been given for a bill the holder is [considered] to be a holder for value as regards the acceptor and all parties to the bill who became parties prior to such time .

Where the holder of a bill has a lien on it arising either from contract or by implication of law , he is deemed to be a holder for value to the extent of the sum for which he has a lien .
where the holder of a bill has a lien on it arising either from contract or by implication of law , he is [considered] to be a holder for value to the extent of the sum for which he has a lien .

Every party whose signature appears on a bill is prima facie deemed to have become a party thereto for value .
every party whose signature appears on a bill is prima facie [considered] to have become a party thereto for value .

There are , however , certain promises and acts which , for various reasons of policy , are deemed to be of no value in law and which are therefore an insufficient consideration .
there are , however , certain promises and acts which , for various reasons of policy , are [considered] to be of no value in law and which are therefore an insufficient consideration .

This planned initiative runs alongside individual action and studies show that this system is not deemed by the teachers to be incompatible with their creative freedom ( Bjerke , 1983 ) .
this planned initiative runs alongside individual action and studies show that this system is not [considered] by the teachers to be incompatible with their creative freedom ( bjerke , 1983 ) .

Only when perceptual data is of sufficient variety to arouse or satisfy attention is the perceptual process it entails deemed interesting and hence aesthetic .
only when perceptual data is of sufficient variety to arouse or satisfy attention is the perceptual process it entails [considered] interesting and hence aesthetic .

Three newspaper man with nothing else to report , since the Transvaal crisis was deemed beyond their capability , were despatched to Broadstairs to try to rootle out any facts that might justify a further paragraph .
three newspaper man with nothing else to report , since the transvaal crisis was [considered] beyond their capability , were despatched to broadstairs to try to rootle out any facts that might justify a further paragraph .

Bathing , which before leaving London had been deemed suitable only for the lower classes , suddenly seemed a most adventurous and desirable way of spending an afternoon .
bathing , which before leaving london had been [considered] suitable only for the lower classes , suddenly seemed a most adventurous and desirable way of spending an afternoon .

Meanwhile , the local radio station in the capital of Spain , Unión Radio , gave out news of the insurrection in Spanish Morocco , confirming what everyone except the government had deemed imminent for months .
meanwhile , the local radio station in the capital of spain , unión radio , gave out news of the insurrection in spanish morocco , confirming what everyone except the government had [considered] imminent for months .

In a sense , repressing all that was deemed to be inimical to the regime was the `` easy `` part of the task of consolidating the result of the Civil War .
in a sense , repressing all that was [considered] to be inimical to the regime was the `` easy `` part of the task of consolidating the result of the civil war .

They fell victims , along with others , to the belief that if a building complied with the existing building regulations and Codes of Practice it must be deemed to be safe .
they fell victims , along with others , to the belief that if a building complied with the existing building regulations and codes of practice it must be [considered] to be safe .

Secrecy was deemed politically wise because in the pacifist climate of the early 1930s planning for war could be misinterpreted as encouraging war .
secrecy was [considered] politically wise because in the pacifist climate of the early 1930s planning for war could be misinterpreted as encouraging war .

The duchy of Rome was the papacy 's ancient land to which the popes were deemed to have succeeded as the continuators of Byzantine rule and as a result of the Donation of Constantine .
the duchy of rome was the papacy 's ancient land to which the popes were [considered] to have succeeded as the continuators of byzantine rule and as a result of the donation of constantine .

By inspection , some theses in the original papers were deemed not to be primarily concerned with Scottish geology , geochemistry , or geophysics , and such theses were removed from the lists .
by inspection , some theses in the original papers were [considered] not to be primarily concerned with scottish geology , geochemistry , or geophysics , and such theses were removed from the lists .

Various allied governments took action to deport Iraqis and others whose continued presence was deemed to be against national interests .
various allied governments took action to deport iraqis and others whose continued presence was [considered] to be against national interests .

On Jan. 2 institutes and university departments in the eastern Länder deemed to have been too politically corrupted by the former East German communist regime were closed amid student protests .
on jan. 2 institutes and university departments in the eastern länder [considered] to have been too politically corrupted by the former east german communist regime were closed amid student protests .

It had been imposed at the height of serious anti-government rioting and pogroms in February 1990 [ see p. 37256 ] , and had been shortened several times , but only now was the security situation deemed by the city 's military commandant to have stabilized .
it had been imposed at the height of serious anti-government rioting and pogroms in february 1990 [ see p. 37256 ] , and had been shortened several times , but only now was the security situation [considered] by the city 's military commandant to have stabilized .

The first forcible repatriations to Vietnam under a new accord signed by the United Kingdom and Vietnamese governments on May 12 [ see p. 38912 ] took place on June 19 , when 28 Vietnamese adults and 10 children deemed to be " economic migrants " were sent back from Hong Kong .
the first forcible repatriations to vietnam under a new accord signed by the united kingdom and vietnamese governments on may 12 [ see p. 38912 ] took place on june 19 , when 28 vietnamese adults and 10 children [considered] to be " economic migrants " were sent back from hong kong .

The campaign was generally agreed to have been the most open in the 25 years of Suharto 's `` New Order `` , but the discussion of topics deemed harmful to national unity was officially banned .
the campaign was generally agreed to have been the most open in the 25 years of suharto 's `` new order `` , but the discussion of topics [considered] harmful to national unity was officially banned .

The Australian High Court delivered a key ruling on June 3 on the issue of Aboriginal land rights , by effectively overturning the notion of terra nullius — the concept that had deemed the Australian continent to be unoccupied at the time of European settlement in the 18th century .
the australian high court delivered a key ruling on june 3 on the issue of aboriginal land rights , by effectively overturning the notion of terra nullius — the concept that had [considered] the australian continent to be unoccupied at the time of european settlement in the 18th century .

Over 330 other enterprises , employing over 80,000 people , had been closed because they were deemed incapable of surviving in the free market .
over 330 other enterprises , employing over 80,000 people , had been closed because they were [considered] incapable of surviving in the free market .

The ruling effectively voided the British legal notion of the `` discretionary `` life sentence , under which the Home Office had the power to extend prisoners ' actual terms in gaol , or detain them again after an initial release ( known as `` release under licence `` ) if they were deemed to be a danger to society .
the ruling effectively voided the british legal notion of the `` discretionary `` life sentence , under which the home office had the power to extend prisoners ' actual terms in gaol , or detain them again after an initial release ( known as `` release under licence `` ) if they were [considered] to be a danger to society .

Apart from those deemed to be in genuine need , the budget required patients to pay for all or part of the cost of their medical treatment .
apart from those [considered] to be in genuine need , the budget required patients to pay for all or part of the cost of their medical treatment .

Shaikh Saad submitted his government 's resignation on March 20 , officially in order to allow the Amir to take whatever action he deemed appropriate in preparation for Kuwait 's reconstruction .
shaikh saad submitted his government 's resignation on march 20 , officially in order to allow the amir to take whatever action he [considered] appropriate in preparation for kuwait 's reconstruction .

According to the report Kuomintang troops brought over from the mainland massacred between 18,000 and 28,000 people following what was deemed to be a Communist-inspired rebellion which began on Feb. 28 , 1947 .
according to the report kuomintang troops brought over from the mainland massacred between 18,000 and 28,000 people following what was [considered] to be a communist-inspired rebellion which began on feb. 28 , 1947 .

The elections were deemed by foreign observers to have been held without widescale irregularities , although cases were reported in a few localities .
the elections were [considered] by foreign observers to have been held without widescale irregularities , although cases were reported in a few localities .

The transfer , a `` gift `` of the then Communist Party general secretary Nikita Khrushchev , was deemed to contradict the Russian Constitution .
the transfer , a `` gift `` of the then communist party general secretary nikita khrushchev , was [considered] to contradict the russian constitution .

It introduced a shortened review procedure for `` unfounded `` asylum applications — either from those whose identity and/or nationality could not be conclusively proved , or those from a country where there was deemed to be no danger of persecution .
it introduced a shortened review procedure for `` unfounded `` asylum applications — either from those whose identity and/or nationality could not be conclusively proved , or those from a country where there was [considered] to be no danger of persecution .

Post Office and health workers staged warning strikes , and in the Fier district , oil industry workers went on strike from Nov. 13 , despite an earlier strike having been deemed illegal on Nov. 4 at a meeting of the Council of Ministers .
post office and health workers staged warning strikes , and in the fier district , oil industry workers went on strike from nov. 13 , despite an earlier strike having been [considered] illegal on nov. 4 at a meeting of the council of ministers .

The clause was criticized by some as giving implicit authority to the army to stage further coups should they be deemed necessary .
the clause was criticized by some as giving implicit authority to the army to stage further coups should they be [considered] necessary .

The Louisiana law criminalized abortion in all instances apart from where the life of the mother was deemed to be in danger or where pregnancy had resulted from rape or incest .
the louisiana law criminalized abortion in all instances apart from where the life of the mother was [considered] to be in danger or where pregnancy had resulted from rape or incest .

Whereas under normal circumstances the Agriculture portfolio was highly coveted , as it offered the opportunity to win lifelong allies within the powerful farming lobby , the current international pressure was deemed to have made it unattractive .
whereas under normal circumstances the agriculture portfolio was highly coveted , as it offered the opportunity to win lifelong allies within the powerful farming lobby , the current international pressure was [considered] to have made it unattractive .

Immigration officials would be empowered to refuse entry to foreign nationals deemed to be economic migrants , while processing of applications for political asylum would be speeded up .
immigration officials would be empowered to refuse entry to foreign nationals [considered] to be economic migrants , while processing of applications for political asylum would be speeded up .

One of the factors widely deemed as critical to Miyazawa 's chances of short-term survival was the need to obtain Diet approval for the 1992 budget by April 1 , the beginning of the fiscal year .
one of the factors widely [considered] as critical to miyazawa 's chances of short-term survival was the need to obtain diet approval for the 1992 budget by april 1 , the beginning of the fiscal year .

Truly , a former astronaut , who had served in the post for two years [ for his appointment see p. 37437 ] , had been criticized by the Bush administration for his support for the shuttle programme , which was deemed insufficiently cost-effective when compared with rival launching systems .
truly , a former astronaut , who had served in the post for two years [ for his appointment see p. 37437 ] , had been criticized by the bush administration for his support for the shuttle programme , which was [considered] insufficiently cost-effective when compared with rival launching systems .

( 4 ) Where a contact for the sale or other disposition of an interest in land satisfies the conditions of this section by reason only of the rectification of one or more documents in pursuance of an order of the court , the contract shall come into being , or be deemed to have come into being , at such time as may be specified in the order .
( 4 ) where a contact for the sale or other disposition of an interest in land satisfies the conditions of this section by reason only of the rectification of one or more documents in pursuance of an order of the court , the contract shall come into being , or be [considered] to have come into being , at such time as may be specified in the order .

75 ( 1 ) The Limitation Acts shall apply to registered land in the same manner and to the same extent as those Acts apply to land not registered , except that where , if the land were not registered , the estate of the person registered as proprietor would be extinguished , such estate shall not be extinguished but shall be deemed to be held by the proprietor for the time being in trust for the person who , by virtue of the said Acts , has acquired title against any proprietor , but without prejudice to the estates and interests of any other person interested in the land whose estate or interest is not extinguished by those Acts .
75 ( 1 ) the limitation acts shall apply to registered land in the same manner and to the same extent as those acts apply to land not registered , except that where , if the land were not registered , the estate of the person registered as proprietor would be extinguished , such estate shall not be extinguished but shall be [considered] to be held by the proprietor for the time being in trust for the person who , by virtue of the said acts , has acquired title against any proprietor , but without prejudice to the estates and interests of any other person interested in the land whose estate or interest is not extinguished by those acts .

19 ( 1 ) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …
19 ( 1 ) in all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be [considered] to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …

The primary function of any kitchen ventilation canopy is to remove from the kitchen area the airborne effects of the cooking process , namely smoke , steam , contaminants , and as much heat as deemed effective .
the primary function of any kitchen ventilation canopy is to remove from the kitchen area the airborne effects of the cooking process , namely smoke , steam , contaminants , and as much heat as [considered] effective .

The Employer 's Liability ( Defective Equipment ) Act 1969 , s. 1(1) now provides : Where … an employee suffers personal injury in the course of his employment in consequence of a defect in equipment provided by his employer for the purposes of the employer 's business and the defect is attributable wholly or partly to the fault of a third party ( whether identified or not ) the injury shall be deemed to be also attributable to negligence on the part of the employer .
the employer 's liability ( defective equipment ) act 1969 , s. 1(1) now provides : where … an employee suffers personal injury in the course of his employment in consequence of a defect in equipment provided by his employer for the purposes of the employer 's business and the defect is attributable wholly or partly to the fault of a third party ( whether identified or not ) the injury shall be [considered] to be also attributable to negligence on the part of the employer .

The overall effect is deemed to be beneficial as net gains are reaped , and the efficiency of the allocation of resources is improved .
the overall effect is [considered] to be beneficial as net gains are reaped , and the efficiency of the allocation of resources is improved .

If a situation is deemed to be inequitable then it is in principle possible to redistribute income according to some appropriate canon of equity .
if a situation is [considered] to be inequitable then it is in principle possible to redistribute income according to some appropriate canon of equity .

( iv ) The following terms , used alone or in combination , will be deemed to indicate that a person is a solicitor holding a current practising certificate , unless it is made clear that the person is not so qualified :
( iv ) the following terms , used alone or in combination , will be [considered] to indicate that a person is a solicitor holding a current practising certificate , unless it is made clear that the person is not so qualified :

( v ) The following terms , used alone or in combination , will be deemed to indicate that a person is not a solicitor holding a current practising certificate , unless a contrary indication appears :
( v ) the following terms , used alone or in combination , will be [considered] to indicate that a person is not a solicitor holding a current practising certificate , unless a contrary indication appears :

( vi ) The appearance against a person 's name of an indication that he or she is qualified in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales , or the title licensed conveyancer , or registered foreign lawyer , or the title of any other profession , will be deemed to indicate that the person is not a solicitor holding a current practising certificate , unless a contrary indication appears .
( vi ) the appearance against a person 's name of an indication that he or she is qualified in a jurisdiction other than england and wales , or the title licensed conveyancer , or registered foreign lawyer , or the title of any other profession , will be [considered] to indicate that the person is not a solicitor holding a current practising certificate , unless a contrary indication appears .

‘ In the case of a multi-national partnership of which fewer than 75% of the principals are solicitors , any overseas offices of the Practice shall be deemed to form a Separate Practice from its offices in England and Wales . ’
‘ in the case of a multi-national partnership of which fewer than 75% of the principals are solicitors , any overseas offices of the practice shall be [considered] to form a separate practice from its offices in england and wales . ’

( x ) To do all such other things as may be deemed incidental or conducive to the attainment of the Company 's objects or any of them .
( x ) to do all such other things as may be [considered] incidental or conducive to the attainment of the company 's objects or any of them .

( 2 ) None of the sub-clauses of this Clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the Company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this Clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate Company .
( 2 ) none of the sub-clauses of this clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be [considered] subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate company .

( 3 ) The word ‘ Company ’ in this Clause , except where used in reference to the Company , shall be deemed to include any partnership or other body of persons , whether incorporated or unincorporated and whether domiciled in the United Kingdom or elsewhere .
( 3 ) the word ‘ company ’ in this clause , except where used in reference to the company , shall be [considered] to include any partnership or other body of persons , whether incorporated or unincorporated and whether domiciled in the united kingdom or elsewhere .

( 2 ) The offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares offered , and limiting a period ( not being less than fourteen days ) within which the offer , if not accepted , will be deemed to be declined .
( 2 ) the offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares offered , and limiting a period ( not being less than fourteen days ) within which the offer , if not accepted , will be [considered] to be declined .

( 3 ) After the expiration of that period those shares which are declined or deemed to be declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the persons who have within the said period accepted all the shares offered to them .
( 3 ) after the expiration of that period those shares which are declined or [considered] to be declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the persons who have within the said period accepted all the shares offered to them .

The Proposing Transferor may ( save where a Transfer Notice is given or deemed to be given pursuant to paragraphs ( 7 ) – ( 10 ) of this Article ) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his Transfer Notice , provided that the Proposing Transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the Auditors costs in certifying the Prescribed Price .
the proposing transferor may ( save where a transfer notice is given or [considered] to be given pursuant to paragraphs ( 7 ) – ( 10 ) of this article ) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his transfer notice , provided that the proposing transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the auditors costs in certifying the prescribed price .

All such offers of Shares shall be made by notice in writing and every such offer shall limit a time ( not being less than twenty-one days or more than forty-two days ) within which the offer must be accepted or , in default , will be deemed to have been declined .
all such offers of shares shall be made by notice in writing and every such offer shall limit a time ( not being less than twenty-one days or more than forty-two days ) within which the offer must be accepted or , in default , will be [considered] to have been declined .

( 8 ) In the event that a Member holds any Shares or a beneficial owner has an interest in any Shares in the Company in such circumstances that the Rules are broken the Directors may at any time resolve that the Member holding the Shares concerned shall ( unless he shall have already given a Transfer Notice ) be deemed to have given a Transfer Notice in respect of such Shares .
( 8 ) in the event that a member holds any shares or a beneficial owner has an interest in any shares in the company in such circumstances that the rules are broken the directors may at any time resolve that the member holding the shares concerned shall ( unless he shall have already given a transfer notice ) be [considered] to have given a transfer notice in respect of such shares .

If practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not Article 10 and the remainder of Article 11 they must include in their Articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed Transfer Notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .
if practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not article 10 and the remainder of article 11 they must include in their articles provisions specifying the effect of a [considered] transfer notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be [considered] to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

( 10 ) In any case where under the provisions of this Article the Directors may require a Transfer Notice to be given in respect of any Shares , if a Transfer Notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a Transfer Notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such Shares at the expiration of the said period .
( 10 ) in any case where under the provisions of this article the directors may require a transfer notice to be given in respect of any shares , if a transfer notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a transfer notice shall be [considered] to have been given in respect of such shares at the expiration of the said period .

Such a deemed Transfer Notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .
such a [considered] transfer notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .

When a notice is sent by post , service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing , prepaying and posting a letter containing the notice and to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post .
when a notice is sent by post , service of the notice shall be [considered] to be effected by properly addressing , prepaying and posting a letter containing the notice and to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post .

An alternate Director as such shall not ( save as aforesaid ) have power to act as a Director nor shall be deemed to be a Director for the purpose of these Articles .
an alternate director as such shall not ( save as aforesaid ) have power to act as a director nor shall be [considered] to be a director for the purpose of these articles .

( x ) To do all such other things as may be deemed incidental or conducive to the attainment of the Company 's objects or any of them .
( x ) to do all such other things as may be [considered] incidental or conducive to the attainment of the company 's objects or any of them .

( 2 ) None of the sub-clauses of this Clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the Company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this Clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate Company .
( 2 ) none of the sub-clauses of this clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be [considered] subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate company .

( 3 ) The word ‘ Company ’ in this Clause , except where used in reference to the Company , shall be deemed to include any partnership or other body of persons , whether incorporated or unincorporated and whether domiciled in the United Kingdom or elsewhere .
( 3 ) the word ‘ company ’ in this clause , except where used in reference to the company , shall be [considered] to include any partnership or other body of persons , whether incorporated or unincorporated and whether domiciled in the united kingdom or elsewhere .

( 2 ) The offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares offered , and limiting a period ( not being less than fourteen days ) within which the offer , if not accepted , will be deemed to be declined .
( 2 ) the offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares offered , and limiting a period ( not being less than fourteen days ) within which the offer , if not accepted , will be [considered] to be declined .

( 3 ) After the expiration of that period those shares which are declined or deemed to be declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the persons who have within the said period accepted all the shares offered to them .
( 3 ) after the expiration of that period those shares which are declined or [considered] to be declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the persons who have within the said period accepted all the shares offered to them .

The Proposing Transferor may ( save where a Transfer Notice is given or deemed to be given pursuant to paragraphs ( 7 ) – ( 10 ) of this Article ) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his Transfer Notice , provided that the Proposing Transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the Auditors costs in certifying the Prescribed Price .
the proposing transferor may ( save where a transfer notice is given or [considered] to be given pursuant to paragraphs ( 7 ) – ( 10 ) of this article ) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his transfer notice , provided that the proposing transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the auditors costs in certifying the prescribed price .

All such offers of Shares shall be made by notice in writing and every such offer shall limit a time ( not being less than twenty-one days or more than forty-two days ) within which the offer must be accepted or , in default , will be deemed to have been declined .
all such offers of shares shall be made by notice in writing and every such offer shall limit a time ( not being less than twenty-one days or more than forty-two days ) within which the offer must be accepted or , in default , will be [considered] to have been declined .

( 8 ) In the event that a Member holds any Shares or a beneficial owner has an interest in any Shares in the Company in such circumstances that the Rules are broken the Directors may at any time resolve that the Member holding the Shares concerned shall ( unless he shall have already given a Transfer Notice ) be deemed to have given a Transfer Notice in respect of such Shares .
( 8 ) in the event that a member holds any shares or a beneficial owner has an interest in any shares in the company in such circumstances that the rules are broken the directors may at any time resolve that the member holding the shares concerned shall ( unless he shall have already given a transfer notice ) be [considered] to have given a transfer notice in respect of such shares .

If practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not Article 10 and the remainder of Article 11 they must include in their Articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed Transfer Notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .
if practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not article 10 and the remainder of article 11 they must include in their articles provisions specifying the effect of a [considered] transfer notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be [considered] to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

( 10 ) In any case where under the provisions of this Article the Directors may require a Transfer Notice to be given in respect of any Shares , if a Transfer Notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a Transfer Notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such Shares at the expiration of the said period .
( 10 ) in any case where under the provisions of this article the directors may require a transfer notice to be given in respect of any shares , if a transfer notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a transfer notice shall be [considered] to have been given in respect of such shares at the expiration of the said period .

Such a deemed Transfer Notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .
such a [considered] transfer notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .

When a notice is sent by post , service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing , prepaying and posting a letter containing the notice and to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post .
when a notice is sent by post , service of the notice shall be [considered] to be effected by properly addressing , prepaying and posting a letter containing the notice and to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post .

An alternate Director as such shall not ( save as aforesaid ) have power to act as a Director nor shall be deemed to be a Director for the purpose of these Articles .
an alternate director as such shall not ( save as aforesaid ) have power to act as a director nor shall be [considered] to be a director for the purpose of these articles .

In this deed any reference to a provision of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 shall be deemed to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force .
in this deed any reference to a provision of the administration of justice act 1985 shall be [considered] to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force .

In this deed any reference to a provision of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 shall be deemed to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force .
in this deed any reference to a provision of the administration of justice act 1985 shall be [considered] to include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force .

In the `` Pac-Man `` computer games the maze and dots were deemed to be idea , being necessarily dictated by the program function , but the `` Pac-Man `` and `` ghost monsters `` characters were considered to be expression as different graphical representations could have been used .
in the `` pac-man `` computer games the maze and dots were [considered] to be idea , being necessarily dictated by the program function , but the `` pac-man `` and `` ghost monsters `` characters were considered to be expression as different graphical representations could have been used .

For example , a term prohibiting making a back-up copy in a pre-1993 agreement will not be made invalid by reason of the changes brought about by the regulations even if the making of a back-up copy is deemed to be necessary to the lawful use of the program .
for example , a term prohibiting making a back-up copy in a pre-1993 agreement will not be made invalid by reason of the changes brought about by the regulations even if the making of a back-up copy is [considered] to be necessary to the lawful use of the program .

In many cases , freelance staff , hired to perform a particular task such as writing or modifying a specific computer program , will be deemed to be self-employed .
in many cases , freelance staff , hired to perform a particular task such as writing or modifying a specific computer program , will be [considered] to be self-employed .

If the right arises by reference to the first marketing of the article , such as where a semiconductor topography is designed by a Brazilian in Brazil but is marketed in the United Kingdom by an importer , then the importer will be deemed to own the semiconductor design right .
if the right arises by reference to the first marketing of the article , such as where a semiconductor topography is designed by a brazilian in brazil but is marketed in the united kingdom by an importer , then the importer will be [considered] to own the semiconductor design right .

The dealer who supplies an expert system may be deemed to be supplying a service ( that is , providing the advice available from the system ) even though others , such as the experts who provided the knowledge used in the system and the makers of the system , are responsible ( in a non-legal sense ) for how the system operates .
the dealer who supplies an expert system may be [considered] to be supplying a service ( that is , providing the advice available from the system ) even though others , such as the experts who provided the knowledge used in the system and the makers of the system , are responsible ( in a non-legal sense ) for how the system operates .

Before the 1967 Act , the company acquiring the computer would have no remedy for this innocent misrepresentation , unless it was deemed to be a contractual term , as it would be too late to have the contract set aside .
before the 1967 act , the company acquiring the computer would have no remedy for this innocent misrepresentation , unless it was [considered] to be a contractual term , as it would be too late to have the contract set aside .

Teachers who are not deemed to be attached to London Training are always welcome at £2.50 per day .
teachers who are not [considered] to be attached to london training are always welcome at £2.50 per day .

Q.Ts. wishing to attend a course to which they are not deemed to be attached may also attend on a daily basis at £2.50 per session .
q.ts. wishing to attend a course to which they are not [considered] to be attached may also attend on a daily basis at £2.50 per session .

These ages are deemed efficient , because they are associated with minimum child loss and impairment and comparatively fewer adverse effects upon the mother .
these ages are [considered] efficient , because they are associated with minimum child loss and impairment and comparatively fewer adverse effects upon the mother .

Any other such applicant as deemed by St Andrew 's College to be suitable for admission to the course .
any other such applicant as [considered] by st andrew 's college to be suitable for admission to the course .

In one , a retrospective review of 438 patients with coeliac disease and diarrhoea , 14 of a total of 42 rectal biopsies performed ( 30 % ) were deemed to be abnormal .
in one , a retrospective review of 438 patients with coeliac disease and diarrhoea , 14 of a total of 42 rectal biopsies performed ( 30 % ) were [considered] to be abnormal .

Patients were deemed to have had prior slow healing if any previous ulcer had required a repeat course of treatment to effect healing .
patients were [considered] to have had prior slow healing if any previous ulcer had required a repeat course of treatment to effect healing .

Overall , patients were deemed to be psychologically stressed if the physician had noted stress at any of the scheduled appointments .
overall , patients were [considered] to be psychologically stressed if the physician had noted stress at any of the scheduled appointments .

After eight weeks , a further four patients eventually underwent surgery for failure to heal , two were lost to follow up , and four were deemed to have resistant ulcers ( Fig 1 ) .
after eight weeks , a further four patients eventually underwent surgery for failure to heal , two were lost to follow up , and four were [considered] to have resistant ulcers ( fig 1 ) .

Three of these had discontinued treatment themselves after only a few days and failed to keep further appointments , one was found to have severe total colonic disease on colonoscopy , and one was found to have Crohn 's disease ; none of these five patients had side effects from treatment and were deemed unsuitable for analysis .
three of these had discontinued treatment themselves after only a few days and failed to keep further appointments , one was found to have severe total colonic disease on colonoscopy , and one was found to have crohn 's disease ; none of these five patients had side effects from treatment and were [considered] unsuitable for analysis .

They were subsequently banned by law from 1734 until 1860 ; they were also banned between 1939 and 1958 as part of the measures deemed necessary for the prosecution of the Second World War .
they were subsequently banned by law from 1734 until 1860 ; they were also banned between 1939 and 1958 as part of the measures [considered] necessary for the prosecution of the second world war .

Having paid the commission on the shares at the time when the options were bought , the investor is deemed to be the ‘ retrospective ’ owner of the shares so that no further commission is due .
having paid the commission on the shares at the time when the options were bought , the investor is [considered] to be the ‘ retrospective ’ owner of the shares so that no further commission is due .

The subjectivity of the whole procedure and particularly of this last section was alleviated to some extent by each teacher being observed by more than one member of the Senior Management Team and this aspect of the review may be deemed to be reasonably reliable .
the subjectivity of the whole procedure and particularly of this last section was alleviated to some extent by each teacher being observed by more than one member of the senior management team and this aspect of the review may be [considered] to be reasonably reliable .

Alternatively the bar can be deemed to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .
alternatively the bar can be [considered] to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .

Manchester , for instance , is deemed ‘ one of those disgraces by which the human race advertises the squalor and turpitude of its mind .
manchester , for instance , is [considered] ‘ one of those disgraces by which the human race advertises the squalor and turpitude of its mind .

In this case it is clear that the original excavators included only those coins which they deemed of sufficient importance for publication .
in this case it is clear that the original excavators included only those coins which they [considered] of sufficient importance for publication .

One lord justice of appeal appointed in 1984 , Sir David Croom-Johnson , was seventy when he took up his post , the age at which mere mortals are deemed too doddery to be trusted on jury service .
one lord justice of appeal appointed in 1984 , sir david croom-johnson , was seventy when he took up his post , the age at which mere mortals are [considered] too doddery to be trusted on jury service .

He had been recruited by Alfred Sherman specifically to provide a counterblast to the Treasury advisers , because Whitehall was deemed to be the source of the advice which had let the country down in the past .
he had been recruited by alfred sherman specifically to provide a counterblast to the treasury advisers , because whitehall was [considered] to be the source of the advice which had let the country down in the past .

And he shows that 30 June is the only date possible because the ritual , political , economic calendar is so full of appointments deemed ( in that culture ) to be pre-conditions of successful cultivation , that really 30 June is the only possible day for planting maize .
and he shows that 30 june is the only date possible because the ritual , political , economic calendar is so full of appointments [considered] ( in that culture ) to be pre-conditions of successful cultivation , that really 30 june is the only possible day for planting maize .

It is worth noting how paternal authority overrode differences in occupational status and in income : in this particular case the father was a canteen cook , and Zuwaya generally considered that a lower occupation than one deemed intellectual .
it is worth noting how paternal authority overrode differences in occupational status and in income : in this particular case the father was a canteen cook , and zuwaya generally considered that a lower occupation than one [considered] intellectual .

Given that people had no rational basis for choosing among candidates , it was scarcely surprising they used one they deemed natural .
given that people had no rational basis for choosing among candidates , it was scarcely surprising they used one they [considered] natural .

Mr Ramsay said assets in family trusts controlled by Mr Bond 's sons were not necessarily assets deemed to belong to creditors .
mr ramsay said assets in family trusts controlled by mr bond 's sons were not necessarily assets [considered] to belong to creditors .

Mr Bond was deemed to be insolvent at the time the bankruptcy judgment was entered against him and the bankruptcy notice was served — ‘ about three weeks ago ’ — but Mr Bond may have been insolvent before that time .
mr bond was [considered] to be insolvent at the time the bankruptcy judgment was entered against him and the bankruptcy notice was served — ‘ about three weeks ago ’ — but mr bond may have been insolvent before that time .

This is deemed unethical until a product is licensed .
this is [considered] unethical until a product is licensed .

In her last public statement , issued through a publicity agent , Mrs Helmsley described her final evening at home as ‘ lying in bed , cuddling and necking ’ with her husband , Mr Harry Helmsley , 83 , the property magnate who owns the Empire State Building and who was also charged with tax evasion before being deemed too frail to stand trial .
in her last public statement , issued through a publicity agent , mrs helmsley described her final evening at home as ‘ lying in bed , cuddling and necking ’ with her husband , mr harry helmsley , 83 , the property magnate who owns the empire state building and who was also charged with tax evasion before being [considered] too frail to stand trial .

They are deemed by many players as the less difficult half , that if a good score can be put together here , it can be enhanced on the back nine .
they are [considered] by many players as the less difficult half , that if a good score can be put together here , it can be enhanced on the back nine .

It stays away for two , three or even four years , it is deemed to be full-grown .
it stays away for two , three or even four years , it is [considered] to be full-grown .

By a somewhat artificial rule , a servant who receives a thing from his master for the master 's use is deemed not to be in possession of it , though the contrary is true where he receives it from a stranger for the master 's use .
by a somewhat artificial rule , a servant who receives a thing from his master for the master 's use is [considered] not to be in possession of it , though the contrary is true where he receives it from a stranger for the master 's use .

We have usually deemed it strategically unwise not to employ a judicious mix of the two .
we have usually [considered] it strategically unwise not to employ a judicious mix of the two .

The chances of these Communist tactics leading to the Third World War by 1953 were deemed too high for any complacency in Western capitals .
the chances of these communist tactics leading to the third world war by 1953 were [considered] too high for any complacency in western capitals .

Recently the experts have deemed this unlikely .
recently the experts have [considered] this unlikely .

Perhaps its remoteness has been its saving grace , coupled with the fact that by the nineteenth century the Pinney family who had built it deemed it too small and dim to live in and moved to their other house of Racedown , a mile up the road .
perhaps its remoteness has been its saving grace , coupled with the fact that by the nineteenth century the pinney family who had built it [considered] it too small and dim to live in and moved to their other house of racedown , a mile up the road .

The only inconvenience of the original interior was that the bedrooms all led into one another ( just as they had always done in houses past : passages were only deemed essential when the segregation of servants became the norm in the eighteenth century ) ; but this was overcome by making a gallery and rearranging the staircase .
the only inconvenience of the original interior was that the bedrooms all led into one another ( just as they had always done in houses past : passages were only [considered] essential when the segregation of servants became the norm in the eighteenth century ) ; but this was overcome by making a gallery and rearranging the staircase .

In 1793 , Lord Chesterfield 's chief steward deemed it ‘ an old whimsical house , but fit for a gentleman 's occupation ’ .
in 1793 , lord chesterfield 's chief steward [considered] it ‘ an old whimsical house , but fit for a gentleman 's occupation ’ .

Glazed tiles , however , were extremely rare , a fact which the great connoisseur of England 's fabric , Alec Clifton-Taylor , deemed ‘ aesthetically lucky ’ .
glazed tiles , however , were extremely rare , a fact which the great connoisseur of england 's fabric , alec clifton-taylor , [considered] ‘ aesthetically lucky ’ .

It is a house which has given rise to much aesthetic conjecture , and for a long time it was deemed to be the first seed of the modern movement in England , for it did not appear to be built in any revival style , but in a fresh new one .
it is a house which has given rise to much aesthetic conjecture , and for a long time it was [considered] to be the first seed of the modern movement in england , for it did not appear to be built in any revival style , but in a fresh new one .

Vagrants were returned under the Poor Laws to where they were deemed to belong .
vagrants were returned under the poor laws to where they were [considered] to belong .

Even if these obstacles are overcome , just which deals should be deemed legitimate ( or at least open to settlement ) ?
even if these obstacles are overcome , just which deals should be [considered] legitimate ( or at least open to settlement ) ?

For harmony 's sake , Mr Aichi 's sins are now deemed to be minor .
for harmony 's sake , mr aichi 's sins are now [considered] to be minor .

And in order to accommodate the general rule it has been deemed necessary to deprive certain compound words , like sèche-cheveux , of their plural endings when used in the singular .
and in order to accommodate the general rule it has been [considered] necessary to deprive certain compound words , like sèche-cheveux , of their plural endings when used in the singular .

If an applicant 's programme quality is deemed ‘ exceptionally high ’ , it may even win over a higher bidder .
if an applicant 's programme quality is [considered] ‘ exceptionally high ’ , it may even win over a higher bidder .

Thrifts were banned by law from investing in equities which were deemed to be too risky .
thrifts were banned by law from investing in equities which were [considered] to be too risky .

In the last century the British deemed the wild mountainous regions of the Pashtuns too costly and too difficult to conquer .
in the last century the british [considered] the wild mountainous regions of the pashtuns too costly and too difficult to conquer .

Very heavy Syrian casualties would apparently have been deemed a lesser price to pay than the probable failure of anything less than what the general 's men say was planned : a full-scale armoured and infantry assault involving 40,000 men on five main axes along a 50-kilometre front .
very heavy syrian casualties would apparently have been [considered] a lesser price to pay than the probable failure of anything less than what the general 's men say was planned : a full-scale armoured and infantry assault involving 40,000 men on five main axes along a 50-kilometre front .

He told a Westminster press gallery lunch that the problem was not the properly prepared Queen 's Speech programme of bills , but the demand for instant legislation following a serious event , with ministers being deemed failures if they did not promise a new bill .
he told a westminster press gallery lunch that the problem was not the properly prepared queen 's speech programme of bills , but the demand for instant legislation following a serious event , with ministers being [considered] failures if they did not promise a new bill .

The Queen would normally send for the person she deemed most likely to be able to form a government with majority support in the Commons .
the queen would normally send for the person she [considered] most likely to be able to form a government with majority support in the commons .

‘ It implies only that if a control measure is deemed to be practicable ’ then it must be adopted .
‘ it implies only that if a control measure is [considered] to be practicable ’ then it must be adopted .

Any passengers who is denied boarding on the outbound flight for that reason , shall be deemed to have given notice of cancellation of his/her booking at that moment , and Cancellation Charges will apply in accordance with paragraph 4 above .
any passengers who is denied boarding on the outbound flight for that reason , shall be [considered] to have given notice of cancellation of his/her booking at that moment , and cancellation charges will apply in accordance with paragraph 4 above .

In the case of flights departing between 00.01 and 04.00 hours , the day of departure is deemed to be the previous day and the cost appropriate to that day is chargeable .
in the case of flights departing between 00.01 and 04.00 hours , the day of departure is [considered] to be the previous day and the cost appropriate to that day is chargeable .

rewards are the outcomes which are deemed appropriate by the individual ; they may be intrinsic or extrinsic .
rewards are the outcomes which are [considered] appropriate by the individual ; they may be intrinsic or extrinsic .

to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue in favour of the holders of ordinary shares where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of the ordinary shareholders are proportionate ( as nearly as may be ) to the respective numbers of ordinary shares held or deemed to be held by them , subject only to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements , legal or practical problems arising in any overseas territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depositary receipts , the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange , or any other matter ; and
to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue in favour of the holders of ordinary shares where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of the ordinary shareholders are proportionate ( as nearly as may be ) to the respective numbers of ordinary shares held or [considered] to be held by them , subject only to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements , legal or practical problems arising in any overseas territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depositary receipts , the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange , or any other matter ; and

All entrants to the competition are deemed to have accepted the rules and agreed to be bound by them .
all entrants to the competition are [considered] to have accepted the rules and agreed to be bound by them .

The Bill will be a special one in that the political parties are allowing their members in both Houses a free vote because the issue is deemed to be one of conscience .
the bill will be a special one in that the political parties are allowing their members in both houses a free vote because the issue is [considered] to be one of conscience .

Despite having dispensed with sundry items deemed essential to sustain European stomachs on their World Cup visit in 1987 — doctor , diet sheets , microwave oven and Tesco-sponsored tuck-boxes all left them flushed , as it were , with lack of success — England have been here almost a week , practising every day in sauna-bath temperatures for their opening match against Sri Lanka on Sunday .
despite having dispensed with sundry items [considered] essential to sustain european stomachs on their world cup visit in 1987 — doctor , diet sheets , microwave oven and tesco-sponsored tuck-boxes all left them flushed , as it were , with lack of success — england have been here almost a week , practising every day in sauna-bath temperatures for their opening match against sri lanka on sunday .

American labour politics were complicated and deemed a ‘ slippery business ’ by Engels .
american labour politics were complicated and [considered] a ‘ slippery business ’ by engels .

The dualism is deemed disastrous because it prevents us from having a unified conception of the world built around the natural sciences , and because it leaves the relationship between the mental and the physical an insoluble mystery .
the dualism is [considered] disastrous because it prevents us from having a unified conception of the world built around the natural sciences , and because it leaves the relationship between the mental and the physical an insoluble mystery .

If no list is submitted , then any list submitted in earlier rounds will be deemed still to apply .
if no list is submitted , then any list submitted in earlier rounds will be [considered] still to apply .

For a long time deemed a white , Western organization , the setting up of section sin countries like Tunisia , Algeria and South Korea , are ample illustration of Amnesty 's worldwide stature .
for a long time [considered] a white , western organization , the setting up of section sin countries like tunisia , algeria and south korea , are ample illustration of amnesty 's worldwide stature .

Ali Idrissi Kaitouni was given a 15-year sentence for writing poems about social injustice and political oppression in Morocco , deemed by the state to constitute a crime against internal security .
ali idrissi kaitouni was given a 15-year sentence for writing poems about social injustice and political oppression in morocco , [considered] by the state to constitute a crime against internal security .

These adjacent police forces were physically aberrant in nuance of bodily style and were therefore deemed to be socially incorrect .
these adjacent police forces were physically aberrant in nuance of bodily style and were therefore [considered] to be socially incorrect .

It is deemed to follow from such claims that human history is ‘ a succession of interpretations ’ , a piling-up of imitations , an accumulation of metaphor which will be perceived as reality .
it is [considered] to follow from such claims that human history is ‘ a succession of interpretations ’ , a piling-up of imitations , an accumulation of metaphor which will be perceived as reality .

‘ This theoretically realistic and humorous novel is not unlike The Waste Land , the showpiece of Modernism and Impersonality ’ — which gives the impression that the realistic and humorous can only be deemed compatible with impersonality if they can also be deemed theoretical , and that the novel may not be very funny .
‘ this theoretically realistic and humorous novel is not unlike the waste land , the showpiece of modernism and impersonality ’ — which gives the impression that the realistic and humorous can only be [considered] compatible with impersonality if they can also be [considered] theoretical , and that the novel may not be very funny .

The categories of ‘ primary ’ and ‘ secondary ’ were not , however , abolished , and a Local Education Authority had to decide whether it wished a middle school to be ‘ deemed ’ to be primary or secondary .
the categories of ‘ primary ’ and ‘ secondary ’ were not , however , abolished , and a local education authority had to decide whether it wished a middle school to be ‘ [considered] ’ to be primary or secondary .

Even if the building is in poor repair , modern building techniques are able to solve many structural problems that were deemed insoluble some years ago .
even if the building is in poor repair , modern building techniques are able to solve many structural problems that were [considered] insoluble some years ago .

As late as 1975 , an authoritative source stated , ‘ The first cardinal principle ’ ( in treating cancer of the breast ) ‘ is that hormonal therapy should be reserved for patients for whom surgical treatment or radiotherapy has been considered and deemed no longer of value ’ .
as late as 1975 , an authoritative source stated , ‘ the first cardinal principle ’ ( in treating cancer of the breast ) ‘ is that hormonal therapy should be reserved for patients for whom surgical treatment or radiotherapy has been considered and [considered] no longer of value ’ .

It is reasonable to assume , therefore , that there would be a residue of canine stock , who for one reason or another would be deemed unsuitable to die for the perverted pleasure of the gloating Roman nobility .
it is reasonable to assume , therefore , that there would be a residue of canine stock , who for one reason or another would be [considered] unsuitable to die for the perverted pleasure of the gloating roman nobility .

The importance of majority voting will increase since more and more European economic and social legislation will be deemed necessary because of the single European market .
the importance of majority voting will increase since more and more european economic and social legislation will be [considered] necessary because of the single european market .

The provisions on GMOs in the bill are to take account of the possible impacts of altered organisms on the environment — potential impacts on human health are deemed to be covered under existing health and safety regulations .
the provisions on gmos in the bill are to take account of the possible impacts of altered organisms on the environment — potential impacts on human health are [considered] to be covered under existing health and safety regulations .

One particular factor to be taken into account is the country in which incorporation is deemed to have taken place ; the criteria for this will vary from state to state , so care must be taken over this issue .
one particular factor to be taken into account is the country in which incorporation is [considered] to have taken place ; the criteria for this will vary from state to state , so care must be taken over this issue .

If there was to be a common external policy , economic and strategic , which appeared more and more desirable , as between the parliamentarily self-governing populations around the world that were deemed all to be parts of one empire , the logical but crazy conclusion must be to defy the impracticability that had been so clear in the eighteenth century and to envisage an imperial parliament .
if there was to be a common external policy , economic and strategic , which appeared more and more desirable , as between the parliamentarily self-governing populations around the world that were [considered] all to be parts of one empire , the logical but crazy conclusion must be to defy the impracticability that had been so clear in the eighteenth century and to envisage an imperial parliament .

In terms of the survival of the regime , such a policy may have been deemed necessary .
in terms of the survival of the regime , such a policy may have been [considered] necessary .

If Foucault and Derrida are taken to task for their Nietzschean lineage , Habermas ' main weakness is deemed to lie in his Kantianism , manifest in a formalist ‘ metaethics ’ , and his conception of ‘ communicative rationality ’ grounded in the consensual account of meaning offered by speech-act theory — and as such likewise vulnerable to Davidson , as well as to Wittgenstein .
if foucault and derrida are taken to task for their nietzschean lineage , habermas ' main weakness is [considered] to lie in his kantianism , manifest in a formalist ‘ metaethics ’ , and his conception of ‘ communicative rationality ’ grounded in the consensual account of meaning offered by speech-act theory — and as such likewise vulnerable to davidson , as well as to wittgenstein .

Henceforth unions could be fined very heavily for conducting what were deemed to be unlawful strikes : several of them were to suffer accordingly , starting with the National Graphical Association .
henceforth unions could be fined very heavily for conducting what were [considered] to be unlawful strikes : several of them were to suffer accordingly , starting with the national graphical association .

The British Prime Minister emerged as a much more accommodating personality ; at the Fontainebleau summit in June 1984 she was deemed to be now ‘ a good European ’ .
the british prime minister emerged as a much more accommodating personality ; at the fontainebleau summit in june 1984 she was [considered] to be now ‘ a good european ’ .

But the Chinese embassy in Oslo , where the prize is awarded , reacted with accusations that it was meddling in China 's internal affairs , the stock response to any foreign commentary deemed hostile to China 's rule of Tibet .
but the chinese embassy in oslo , where the prize is awarded , reacted with accusations that it was meddling in china 's internal affairs , the stock response to any foreign commentary [considered] hostile to china 's rule of tibet .

This is a far cry from the days when increases in national income were committed by the conference before they were generated and the economy 's commanding heights were deemed to be heavy , smokestack industries .
this is a far cry from the days when increases in national income were committed by the conference before they were generated and the economy 's commanding heights were [considered] to be heavy , smokestack industries .

So the group at Shepherd 's Bush has a way to go before some of them might be deemed fit to audition there or at other vocational schools .
so the group at shepherd 's bush has a way to go before some of them might be [considered] fit to audition there or at other vocational schools .

However , economy being of prime importance , he included , he said , nothing inessential to the art of gardening that might increase the size and price ( eighteen shillings ) , but neither had he omitted any advice which might be deemed useful to the profession , ‘ so that upon the whole the work is rendered as complete a system of practical gardening as present knowledge of vegetation can supply ’ .
however , economy being of prime importance , he included , he said , nothing inessential to the art of gardening that might increase the size and price ( eighteen shillings ) , but neither had he omitted any advice which might be [considered] useful to the profession , ‘ so that upon the whole the work is rendered as complete a system of practical gardening as present knowledge of vegetation can supply ’ .

The groups who were deemed worthy of attention played scratchy guitar music , usually very fast and The Wedding Present fitted the bill .
the groups who were [considered] worthy of attention played scratchy guitar music , usually very fast and the wedding present fitted the bill .

In the week before the race , she became embroiled in a controversy over the skill of her opponent , the American Leigh Weiss , who had also steered international women 's crews but who was deemed not to know enough of the Boat Race course on London 's tideway .
in the week before the race , she became embroiled in a controversy over the skill of her opponent , the american leigh weiss , who had also steered international women 's crews but who was [considered] not to know enough of the boat race course on london 's tideway .

Before workrooms were deemed no-smoking zones , the small admin room where the two work was known as ‘ the gas chamber ’ because of the fug generated by five smokers .
before workrooms were [considered] no-smoking zones , the small admin room where the two work was known as ‘ the gas chamber ’ because of the fug generated by five smokers .

The futility of their efforts is deemed to be enough to teach them the lessons they need to learn .
the futility of their efforts is [considered] to be enough to teach them the lessons they need to learn .

Goldie , the Blue Peter dog , was pet of the year in 1981 and was deemed to have been a substitute pet for many youngsters unable to keep pets of their own at home .
goldie , the blue peter dog , was pet of the year in 1981 and was [considered] to have been a substitute pet for many youngsters unable to keep pets of their own at home .

But planning was deemed essential and Mosley wrote :
but planning was [considered] essential and mosley wrote :

He described how the Japanese used a laser beam strategy within a poorly drafted law to penetrate the European market while protecting their own domestic market behind a dynastic organisational structure which only permitted import access when the dynasty deemed it politically expedient to do so .
he described how the japanese used a laser beam strategy within a poorly drafted law to penetrate the european market while protecting their own domestic market behind a dynastic organisational structure which only permitted import access when the dynasty [considered] it politically expedient to do so .

Henceforth they were denied access to active participation in the public cult and ( by implication of the biblical text which concentrated upon male activity ) deemed exempt from the obligation to fulfil many of the commandments — a loaded exemption given the fact that Judaism by this time was already very much a religion of performance , moving towards being a religion dominated by a plethora of commandments governing virtually every aspect of daily existence .
henceforth they were denied access to active participation in the public cult and ( by implication of the biblical text which concentrated upon male activity ) [considered] exempt from the obligation to fulfil many of the commandments — a loaded exemption given the fact that judaism by this time was already very much a religion of performance , moving towards being a religion dominated by a plethora of commandments governing virtually every aspect of daily existence .

In line with the general emphasis on blood in the exilic Priestly tradition , tremendous importance was attached to the actual blood of the circumcision , and unless several drops of blood were seen to issue from the wound , the operation was deemed invalid and valueless .
in line with the general emphasis on blood in the exilic priestly tradition , tremendous importance was attached to the actual blood of the circumcision , and unless several drops of blood were seen to issue from the wound , the operation was [considered] invalid and valueless .

Man , on the other hand , who within this particular characterization of the nature — culture dichotomy is deemed to lack such natural and visible creative functions , is obliged , or at least has the opportunity , ( to use the words of Ortner ) to assert his creativity externally through the medium of technology , ritual and symbol .
man , on the other hand , who within this particular characterization of the nature — culture dichotomy is [considered] to lack such natural and visible creative functions , is obliged , or at least has the opportunity , ( to use the words of ortner ) to assert his creativity externally through the medium of technology , ritual and symbol .

As active manipulator of his existence , he falls within the realm of culture , and so , just as culture is deemed superior to nature , so man and his activities are considered superior to woman and her world .
as active manipulator of his existence , he falls within the realm of culture , and so , just as culture is [considered] superior to nature , so man and his activities are considered superior to woman and her world .

Thus in both menstruation and childbirth , a woman is associated with both life and death and deemed to have dangerous power over the fate of the foetus .
thus in both menstruation and childbirth , a woman is associated with both life and death and [considered] to have dangerous power over the fate of the foetus .

In a series of overtly periodizing comments by these novelists , Flaubert 's oeuvre is deemed to constitute a ‘ turning-point ’ in French literary history .
in a series of overtly periodizing comments by these novelists , flaubert 's oeuvre is [considered] to constitute a ‘ turning-point ’ in french literary history .

In this respect , the emergence of a nouveau nouveau roman was said to have evolved which was deemed to be characterized by this emphasis on textual productivity , instead of on reference and representation .
in this respect , the emergence of a nouveau nouveau roman was said to have evolved which was [considered] to be characterized by this emphasis on textual productivity , instead of on reference and representation .

Similarly , if subjectivity and interiority are deemed to be essentially ‘ modernist ’ characteristics , then it has to be said that these are also challenged in a number of ways in novels such as Le Voyeur and L'Herbe .
similarly , if subjectivity and interiority are [considered] to be essentially ‘ modernist ’ characteristics , then it has to be said that these are also challenged in a number of ways in novels such as le voyeur and l'herbe .

Over 6 % occupied dwellings deemed unfit ( compared to 3.9 % for those under 75 ) , and 14.9 % of the oldest householders required repairs to their property of more than £1,000 .
over 6 % occupied dwellings [considered] unfit ( compared to 3.9 % for those under 75 ) , and 14.9 % of the oldest householders required repairs to their property of more than £1,000 .

Those who are above the quota at this stage are instantly deemed elected .
those who are above the quota at this stage are instantly [considered] elected .

At the upper end of luxury the first-class Mark 3s have much more room with one-plus-two seating , like their earlier Mark 1 and 2 counterparts but all in open saloon accommodation , since the side-corridor coach was deemed to be a thing of the past .
at the upper end of luxury the first-class mark 3s have much more room with one-plus-two seating , like their earlier mark 1 and 2 counterparts but all in open saloon accommodation , since the side-corridor coach was [considered] to be a thing of the past .

He mentioned the Home Office-led investigation of state funding of the voluntary sector ; the Department of Education 's investigation of educational support grants , about £650m worth , given to local education authorities for tasks deemed especially important ; and the Department of Social Security 's review of the shortfall of contributions to contributory benefits , amounting to nearly £500m a year .
he mentioned the home office-led investigation of state funding of the voluntary sector ; the department of education 's investigation of educational support grants , about £650m worth , given to local education authorities for tasks [considered] especially important ; and the department of social security 's review of the shortfall of contributions to contributory benefits , amounting to nearly £500m a year .

The smooth style of Bryan Gould and the calm air of managerial competence conveyed by John Smith are deemed essential to make southern voters feel confident about the new Labour Party .
the smooth style of bryan gould and the calm air of managerial competence conveyed by john smith are [considered] essential to make southern voters feel confident about the new labour party .

There , too , under China 's post-1997 regime , Peking would be free to declare Martial Law ; and there , too , a garrison of the People 's Liberation Army would stand ready to suppress opposition or criticism by whatever means Deng and his successors deemed appropriate .
there , too , under china 's post-1997 regime , peking would be free to declare martial law ; and there , too , a garrison of the people 's liberation army would stand ready to suppress opposition or criticism by whatever means deng and his successors [considered] appropriate .

The sense of community has not been improved by Britain 's promise of an ungenerous package which will limit refuge to those deemed to have served the Crown well , or to hold ‘ sensitive ’ positions .
the sense of community has not been improved by britain 's promise of an ungenerous package which will limit refuge to those [considered] to have served the crown well , or to hold ‘ sensitive ’ positions .

Still others are tested if they apply for promotion to positions which are deemed ‘ sensitive .
still others are tested if they apply for promotion to positions which are [considered] ‘ sensitive .

An argument often made in their briefs , against random testing in particular , is that it reverses the normal presumption of innocence : an employee is deemed guilty unless he can prove himself innocent by producing ‘ clean ’ urine .
an argument often made in their briefs , against random testing in particular , is that it reverses the normal presumption of innocence : an employee is [considered] guilty unless he can prove himself innocent by producing ‘ clean ’ urine .

It is deemed unthinkable that it should stop .
it is [considered] unthinkable that it should stop .

The coroner 's Proceedings were once again opened at Reading Magistrates ' Court in Valpy Street , the coroner 's court deemed too small for such a case .
the coroner 's proceedings were once again opened at reading magistrates ' court in valpy street , the coroner 's court [considered] too small for such a case .

In 1814 , Cumnor Place was deemed no longer habitable and was demolished , many of the stones appropriated by the Earl of Abingdon to rebuild Wytham Church .
in 1814 , cumnor place was [considered] no longer habitable and was demolished , many of the stones appropriated by the earl of abingdon to rebuild wytham church .

Naturally enough , it had been deemed impractical to legislate against the women themselves .
naturally enough , it had been [considered] impractical to legislate against the women themselves .

Taken from the Spanish word , macho , meaning male , machismo refers to an ideology of behaviour in which distinctly different lifestyles are deemed proper for men and women .
taken from the spanish word , macho , meaning male , machismo refers to an ideology of behaviour in which distinctly different lifestyles are [considered] proper for men and women .

[ An interference is deemed to have been committed when one surfer ‘ drops in ’ on another , that is , takes off on a wave on which the other has already established priority .
[ an interference is [considered] to have been committed when one surfer ‘ drops in ’ on another , that is , takes off on a wave on which the other has already established priority .

What a child found out for himself was deemed to be real and usable knowledge , while what he learned ‘ parrot-fashion ’ was not .
what a child found out for himself was [considered] to be real and usable knowledge , while what he learned ‘ parrot-fashion ’ was not .

Second best were the grammar schools , deemed to be a kind of honorary public schools ; secondary modern schools were not in the running .
second best were the grammar schools , [considered] to be a kind of honorary public schools ; secondary modern schools were not in the running .

After primary school , the encouragement of the imagination in children , and the cultivation of specifically creative activities , has often been thought an optional part of the curriculum , a luxury that may have to be dispensed with , left in , if at all , for the less able pupils deemed incapable of serious learning or for that minority determined to reject ‘ scientific ’ understanding .
after primary school , the encouragement of the imagination in children , and the cultivation of specifically creative activities , has often been thought an optional part of the curriculum , a luxury that may have to be dispensed with , left in , if at all , for the less able pupils [considered] incapable of serious learning or for that minority determined to reject ‘ scientific ’ understanding .

But sufficient purgatorial time was deemed to have passed , and as far as Barbarossa was concerned , it was politically essential to state the unity of the empire and church by accepting Charlemagne into the body of saints at this time .
but sufficient purgatorial time was [considered] to have passed , and as far as barbarossa was concerned , it was politically essential to state the unity of the empire and church by accepting charlemagne into the body of saints at this time .

He perceived that he was ‘ up against ’ the position of having to carry on his life not as an emotion , but as a scientific game ; that he was committed by circumstances to novel writing as a regular trade , as much as he had formerly been to architecture ; and that hence he would , he deemed , have to look for material in manners — in ordinary social and fashionable life as the other novelists did .
he perceived that he was ‘ up against ’ the position of having to carry on his life not as an emotion , but as a scientific game ; that he was committed by circumstances to novel writing as a regular trade , as much as he had formerly been to architecture ; and that hence he would , he [considered] , have to look for material in manners — in ordinary social and fashionable life as the other novelists did .

’ He goes on to refer to legislation in 1980 in West Germany and in 1982 in Italy whereby post-operative transsexuals are deemed to belong to their chosen sex and have the rights and duties of that sex .
’ he goes on to refer to legislation in 1980 in west germany and in 1982 in italy whereby post-operative transsexuals are [considered] to belong to their chosen sex and have the rights and duties of that sex .

Indeed , in so far as the law represents the embodiment of those rules deemed so important by society as to warrant setting them out formally with appropriate sanctions for non-observance , legal principles are the most important regulators of doctors ' decisions .
indeed , in so far as the law represents the embodiment of those rules [considered] so important by society as to warrant setting them out formally with appropriate sanctions for non-observance , legal principles are the most important regulators of doctors ' decisions .

Medical evidence would be relevant only to establish whether what the doctor did was deemed acceptable medical practice to make the dying patient comfortable .
medical evidence would be relevant only to establish whether what the doctor did was [considered] acceptable medical practice to make the dying patient comfortable .

Thus , for example , the refusal by a parent or guardian , on the patient 's behalf , of a certain treatment need not necessarily be respected , if it is deemed in the patient 's interests to treat him this way .
thus , for example , the refusal by a parent or guardian , on the patient 's behalf , of a certain treatment need not necessarily be respected , if it is [considered] in the patient 's interests to treat him this way .

The right to refuse should , of course , be upheld , even though the patient 's view is deemed irrational or unreasonable by the doctor or is based on what seem to be poor grounds .
the right to refuse should , of course , be upheld , even though the patient 's view is [considered] irrational or unreasonable by the doctor or is based on what seem to be poor grounds .

Once a patient is deemed incapable , having been assigned to one of these categories , his powers of self-determination are taken from him .
once a patient is [considered] incapable , having been assigned to one of these categories , his powers of self-determination are taken from him .

They also acknowledged the amount of luggage deemed necessary and organized baggage transport to take trunks from hotel to hotel while the healthy cyclist rode unencumbered for twenty to fifty miles a day .
they also acknowledged the amount of luggage [considered] necessary and organized baggage transport to take trunks from hotel to hotel while the healthy cyclist rode unencumbered for twenty to fifty miles a day .

In the palaeolithic period men were already aware that at certain times of the year animals and plants are less prolific than at others , and seasonal ritual observances to maintain an adequate supply of them were therefore deemed necessary .
in the palaeolithic period men were already aware that at certain times of the year animals and plants are less prolific than at others , and seasonal ritual observances to maintain an adequate supply of them were therefore [considered] necessary .

an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it . [ section 1(1) ]
an article shall be [considered] to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it . [ section 1(1) ]

Some earlier critics of the deprave-and-corrupt test had suggested a return to a test based on ‘ outrage ’ , with the Longford Report proposing in 1972 that an article might be deemed to be obscene ‘ if its effect , taken as a whole , is to outrage contemporary standards of decency or humanity accepted by the public at large ’ .
some earlier critics of the deprave-and-corrupt test had suggested a return to a test based on ‘ outrage ’ , with the longford report proposing in 1972 that an article might be [considered] to be obscene ‘ if its effect , taken as a whole , is to outrage contemporary standards of decency or humanity accepted by the public at large ’ .

For the first time , an Act of Parliament lays a duty upon a public official , the Data Protection Registrar , to judge whether activities shall be deemed lawful by reference to a set of principles .
for the first time , an act of parliament lays a duty upon a public official , the data protection registrar , to judge whether activities shall be [considered] lawful by reference to a set of principles .

These have been described as a fraud upon the public because , even if a data user has solemnly undertaken in his registration statement not to disclose the data to any third party , he will under the Act be deemed not to have contravened the terms of his registration if he access to requests from police or tax officers pleading prejudice to their enquiries .
these have been described as a fraud upon the public because , even if a data user has solemnly undertaken in his registration statement not to disclose the data to any third party , he will under the act be [considered] not to have contravened the terms of his registration if he access to requests from police or tax officers pleading prejudice to their enquiries .

Whether it is a potential son or daughter hardly constitutes good cause for the termination of a pregnancy , and in our society requests to do so must be deemed frivolous .
whether it is a potential son or daughter hardly constitutes good cause for the termination of a pregnancy , and in our society requests to do so must be [considered] frivolous .

The same happened to Foxley Wood ( Hampshire ) and Tillingham Hall ( Essex ) , new towns that would have been a dream come true for some people , but which were deemed unjustifiable and unnecessary by the Government inspector of planning appeals .
the same happened to foxley wood ( hampshire ) and tillingham hall ( essex ) , new towns that would have been a dream come true for some people , but which were [considered] unjustifiable and unnecessary by the government inspector of planning appeals .

Classical literature tells us that through the centuries love was deemed to be compatible with a good marriage and in the Middle Ages canon law , by basing the validity of marriage on free consent , upheld love as a precursor of the union .
classical literature tells us that through the centuries love was [considered] to be compatible with a good marriage and in the middle ages canon law , by basing the validity of marriage on free consent , upheld love as a precursor of the union .

An American model of ‘ privatism ’ ( see Barnekov , Boyle and Rich , 1989 ) has in recent times been deemed as exportable .
an american model of ‘ privatism ’ ( see barnekov , boyle and rich , 1989 ) has in recent times been [considered] as exportable .

As with Creature Comforts , Lowe Howard-Spink 's work for Tesco , which won the campaign of the year in services , was deemed by some to be beyond its first flush of freshness , but its impact on consumer perceptions continues to impress .
as with creature comforts , lowe howard-spink 's work for tesco , which won the campaign of the year in services , was [considered] by some to be beyond its first flush of freshness , but its impact on consumer perceptions continues to impress .

To create an even greater homogeneity we excluded also all those who were doubly incontinent at referral ( since we know that the project found such people very hard to support ; see Chapter Seven ) , and all those whose condition — either mental or physical — was deemed too poor at referral for them to remain at home at all .
to create an even greater homogeneity we excluded also all those who were doubly incontinent at referral ( since we know that the project found such people very hard to support ; see chapter seven ) , and all those whose condition — either mental or physical — was [considered] too poor at referral for them to remain at home at all .

By the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , the Gloucester was deemed one of the country 's better dairy cows and a useful draught ox .
by the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , the gloucester was [considered] one of the country 's better dairy cows and a useful draught ox .

The colour was described as rich orange-and-lemon with white patches , and yellow in the ear was deemed important as a sign of potential milk quality .
the colour was described as rich orange-and-lemon with white patches , and yellow in the ear was [considered] important as a sign of potential milk quality .

Hippocrates extolled the virtues of a daily aromatic bath and scented massage to prolong life . In fact , massage with aromatic oils was deemed so efficacious that Plato is said to have reproached Herodicus ( one of the teachers of Hippocrates ) for protracting the miserable existence of the aged !
hippocrates extolled the virtues of a daily aromatic bath and scented massage to prolong life . in fact , massage with aromatic oils was [considered] so efficacious that plato is said to have reproached herodicus ( one of the teachers of hippocrates ) for protracting the miserable existence of the aged !

The idea had long been mooted , but no other lighthouse had yet been built upon a rock and many deemed it impossible .
the idea had long been mooted , but no other lighthouse had yet been built upon a rock and many [considered] it impossible .

Under the first definition , users were deemed to be visiting a library with the particular intention of searching for a document or for information .
under the first definition , users were [considered] to be visiting a library with the particular intention of searching for a document or for information .

If your employer fails to renew a fixed-term contract , you are deemed to have been dismissed in law .
if your employer fails to renew a fixed-term contract , you are [considered] to have been dismissed in law .

At the start of the exercise , the actual procedure was checked against a conceptual model that included the activities deemed necessary to achieve the agreed transformation .
at the start of the exercise , the actual procedure was checked against a conceptual model that included the activities [considered] necessary to achieve the agreed transformation .

He enjoyed it , dangerous though it was for foreigners , but after the fall of Robespierre he had deemed it advisable to leave again .
he enjoyed it , dangerous though it was for foreigners , but after the fall of robespierre he had [considered] it advisable to leave again .

In our consideration of the interview for scientific enquiry we must always remind ourselves that the survey is merely a particular tool for collecting information which is deemed relevant for the testing of a hypothesis which stems from theory .
in our consideration of the interview for scientific enquiry we must always remind ourselves that the survey is merely a particular tool for collecting information which is [considered] relevant for the testing of a hypothesis which stems from theory .

Age may be classified according to any set of categories deemed useful for the purpose in hand .
age may be classified according to any set of categories [considered] useful for the purpose in hand .

The business community recognises that those enterprises deemed to be successful are those which are responsive to market changes .
the business community recognises that those enterprises [considered] to be successful are those which are responsive to market changes .

The Town and Country Planning ( Use Classes ) Order 1972 is one such Order , specifying 18 use classes , and stating that where a building or other land is used for the purpose of any class specified in the schedule to the Order , the use thereof for any other purpose of the same class is deemed not to involve development .
the town and country planning ( use classes ) order 1972 is one such order , specifying 18 use classes , and stating that where a building or other land is used for the purpose of any class specified in the schedule to the order , the use thereof for any other purpose of the same class is [considered] not to involve development .

Whilst intensification of use has on occasions been deemed to amount to a material change of use , it is a difficult decision for a planning officer to make involving both fact and degree .
whilst intensification of use has on occasions been [considered] to amount to a material change of use , it is a difficult decision for a planning officer to make involving both fact and degree .

Failure to take formal action under the relevant legislation or unjustifiable delay in doing so , in respect of obnoxious odours which amount to a statutory nuisance or for breach of a condition attached to a site licence for waste disposal , may be deemed to amount to maladministration if they cause injustice such as injury to health or depreciation in the value of property .
failure to take formal action under the relevant legislation or unjustifiable delay in doing so , in respect of obnoxious odours which amount to a statutory nuisance or for breach of a condition attached to a site licence for waste disposal , may be [considered] to amount to maladministration if they cause injustice such as injury to health or depreciation in the value of property .

When a set of bindings of anaphors to possible referents is deemed implausible , the plausibility checker should be able to say , where appropriate , which binding ( or subset of the bindings ) is causing the problem , and the rest of the system should react to this information intelligently and make relevant changes .
when a set of bindings of anaphors to possible referents is [considered] implausible , the plausibility checker should be able to say , where appropriate , which binding ( or subset of the bindings ) is causing the problem , and the rest of the system should react to this information intelligently and make relevant changes .

Being open and honest about what you are thinking , how you are feeling and why you are doing whatever you are doing is deemed to be efficient and helpful because otherwise people waste precious time and energy trying to ‘ second guess ’ what you are up to .
being open and honest about what you are thinking , how you are feeling and why you are doing whatever you are doing is [considered] to be efficient and helpful because otherwise people waste precious time and energy trying to ‘ second guess ’ what you are up to .

The date of notification which triggers the procedural timetable will be deemed to occur only when complete details are provided to the Commission .
the date of notification which triggers the procedural timetable will be [considered] to occur only when complete details are provided to the commission .

In one case , it took an additional 21 days before notification was deemed complete by the Commission .
in one case , it took an additional 21 days before notification was [considered] complete by the commission .

There kissing was deemed by some in positions of authority to be ‘ unclean , immodest , indecorous , ungraceful and likely to spread disease ’ .
there kissing was [considered] by some in positions of authority to be ‘ unclean , immodest , indecorous , ungraceful and likely to spread disease ’ .

The Willis Bill , which is due for a second reading in the House of Lords on 6 May , says that anyone who sells , distributes or otherwise manes available am machine capable of reproducing a sound recording or cinematograph film shall be deemed to have authorised infringement of the copyright , in a sound recording or film Although the Bill has little chance of getting any further it will achieve one aim — to generate publicity for the record and film industry 's call for a tax or levy on blank audio and video tape .
the willis bill , which is due for a second reading in the house of lords on 6 may , says that anyone who sells , distributes or otherwise manes available am machine capable of reproducing a sound recording or cinematograph film shall be [considered] to have authorised infringement of the copyright , in a sound recording or film although the bill has little chance of getting any further it will achieve one aim — to generate publicity for the record and film industry 's call for a tax or levy on blank audio and video tape .

So , logical and impressive as the associate flower learning of honey bees seems , these hard-working insects appear simply to be well-programmed learning machines , attending only to the cues deemed salient by evolution ( and then only in well-defined contexts and often during precise critical periods ) — and then filing the information thus obtained in pre-existing arrays .
so , logical and impressive as the associate flower learning of honey bees seems , these hard-working insects appear simply to be well-programmed learning machines , attending only to the cues [considered] salient by evolution ( and then only in well-defined contexts and often during precise critical periods ) — and then filing the information thus obtained in pre-existing arrays .

If a religion is deemed to be a ‘ failure ’ , the meaning given to that word in that context should be made clear .
if a religion is [considered] to be a ‘ failure ’ , the meaning given to that word in that context should be made clear .

The suffering which inevitably follows shall be deemed to be of no consequence , because physical evolution itself disregards suffering , or regards it as an essential part of the process .
the suffering which inevitably follows shall be [considered] to be of no consequence , because physical evolution itself disregards suffering , or regards it as an essential part of the process .

The suffering which inevitably follows shall be deemed to be of no consequence , because physical evolution itself disregards suffering , or regards it as an essential part of the process .
the suffering which inevitably follows shall be [considered] to be of no consequence , because physical evolution itself disregards suffering , or regards it as an essential part of the process .

Any proposals for road and rail investment in the South East must satisfy the government 's general criteria and will not be approved simply because they are deemed to be necessary adjuncts to the tunnel .
any proposals for road and rail investment in the south east must satisfy the government 's general criteria and will not be approved simply because they are [considered] to be necessary adjuncts to the tunnel .

Unless the contrary intention appears , property bought with money belonging to the firm is deemed to have been bought on account of the firm .
unless the contrary intention appears , property bought with money belonging to the firm is [considered] to have been bought on account of the firm .

The courts have developed some complex tests based on control whereby the subsidiary may be deemed to be an agent of the parent company .
the courts have developed some complex tests based on control whereby the subsidiary may be [considered] to be an agent of the parent company .

It was deemed too heavy , but its styling had many admirers .
it was [considered] too heavy , but its styling had many admirers .

Perhaps Mr. Cowan should resume his more normal incessant political instruction on those matters that puzzle the lesser members of our own contemporary society , who are obviously deemed to lack any ability to think for themselves .
perhaps mr. cowan should resume his more normal incessant political instruction on those matters that puzzle the lesser members of our own contemporary society , who are obviously [considered] to lack any ability to think for themselves .

Like the twelfth floor , glimpsed through the lift doors when the girls had got out , the walls were covered with a pale lemon wash , unlike the twelfth they were hung with pictures , not Old Masters but not Boots the chemists either — prints of hunting scenes and ships and a beautiful soft sunset over a bay that might have been St Ives — pictures deemed suitable for the Executive floor of a great international company .
like the twelfth floor , glimpsed through the lift doors when the girls had got out , the walls were covered with a pale lemon wash , unlike the twelfth they were hung with pictures , not old masters but not boots the chemists either — prints of hunting scenes and ships and a beautiful soft sunset over a bay that might have been st ives — pictures [considered] suitable for the executive floor of a great international company .

And it was in Paris that the Liszt-Thalberg rivalry began ( though it was not a thing of their own making , and there does not seem to have been any genuine animosity between them ) ; when they played in a contest in an aristocratic household Thalberg was declared the first pianist in the world and Liszt was thus deemed to have won on points , and it was said that Thalberg departed with his head hung low .
and it was in paris that the liszt-thalberg rivalry began ( though it was not a thing of their own making , and there does not seem to have been any genuine animosity between them ) ; when they played in a contest in an aristocratic household thalberg was declared the first pianist in the world and liszt was thus [considered] to have won on points , and it was said that thalberg departed with his head hung low .

Founded by merchants William Wilson and Benjamin Lancaster , it was named after one of Lancaster 's aunts ( industry was deemed too demeaning for merchants to lend their names to ) .
founded by merchants william wilson and benjamin lancaster , it was named after one of lancaster 's aunts ( industry was [considered] too demeaning for merchants to lend their names to ) .

… an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect … is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt …
… an article shall be [considered] to be obscene if its effect … is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt …

Of course there are occasions when censorship is deemed legitimate in the selection process . In its study of Trends in public library selection policies , Capital Planning Information quoted from two selection policy documents as follows :
of course there are occasions when censorship is [considered] legitimate in the selection process . in its study of trends in public library selection policies , capital planning information quoted from two selection policy documents as follows :

Except when prevented by medical reasons or other sufficient cause , candidates who fail to present themselves for an examination , or to submit cumulative or other forms of assessment work by the due date , shall be deemed by the board of examiners to have failed in that examination or assessment .
except when prevented by medical reasons or other sufficient cause , candidates who fail to present themselves for an examination , or to submit cumulative or other forms of assessment work by the due date , shall be [considered] by the board of examiners to have failed in that examination or assessment .

Graduates who hold a first or second-class honours degree in a relevant discipline or applicants deemed by the Senate to hold equivalent qualifications , are eligible for admission as research students .
graduates who hold a first or second-class honours degree in a relevant discipline or applicants [considered] by the senate to hold equivalent qualifications , are eligible for admission as research students .

Overseas applicants are required to provide evidence of medical fitness ; such evidence , in the form of written verification from a medical officer that the applicant is deemed fit to undertake studies at the University , must be received in advance of registration .
overseas applicants are required to provide evidence of medical fitness ; such evidence , in the form of written verification from a medical officer that the applicant is [considered] fit to undertake studies at the university , must be received in advance of registration .

An alternative to more co-ordination of production is centralized production of guides of such a high quality that local production would be deemed redundant .
an alternative to more co-ordination of production is centralized production of guides of such a high quality that local production would be [considered] redundant .

For a few patients , compulsory admission to a psychiatric inpatient unit under an order of the Mental Health Act will be deemed necessary .
for a few patients , compulsory admission to a psychiatric inpatient unit under an order of the mental health act will be [considered] necessary .

Once the problem of ‘ boy labour ’ found its way into middle-class consciousness , recreation and religion were deemed to be insufficient for coping with this new and alarming aspect of the youth question .
once the problem of ‘ boy labour ’ found its way into middle-class consciousness , recreation and religion were [considered] to be insufficient for coping with this new and alarming aspect of the youth question .

But it was by no means to be confined to labourers since the emphasis on being adaptable was an implicit recognition of the importance of the mental factor inherent in all forms of labour , and one which was deemed to be of increasing relevance under ‘ modern conditions ’ .
but it was by no means to be confined to labourers since the emphasis on being adaptable was an implicit recognition of the importance of the mental factor inherent in all forms of labour , and one which was [considered] to be of increasing relevance under ‘ modern conditions ’ .

’ While the education system is deemed to be ‘ successful ’ by the outside world , there are limits on the possibilities for change and innovation .
’ while the education system is [considered] to be ‘ successful ’ by the outside world , there are limits on the possibilities for change and innovation .

Enterprise zones , therefore , introduced the concept of the simplified planning regime , intended to speed up planning applications and to give deemed planning consent for many developments .
enterprise zones , therefore , introduced the concept of the simplified planning regime , intended to speed up planning applications and to give [considered] planning consent for many developments .

There are many levels of creativity , from craftsmen all the way to poetic sages ; even the creation of a good joke can be deemed an act of creation .
there are many levels of creativity , from craftsmen all the way to poetic sages ; even the creation of a good joke can be [considered] an act of creation .

The Saturday Review said that there were only four entries that it deemed to be good enough to be designated Gothic , but Clarke 's catalogue listed a further fourteen Gothic schemes .
the saturday review said that there were only four entries that it [considered] to be good enough to be designated gothic , but clarke 's catalogue listed a further fourteen gothic schemes .

Each culture has a unique interpretation of the concept of ‘ safety ’ and what is deemed to be responsible , ‘ safe ’ behaviour by individuals .
each culture has a unique interpretation of the concept of ‘ safety ’ and what is [considered] to be responsible , ‘ safe ’ behaviour by individuals .

If the type of defect and its location are deemed unacceptable , then the bolt of cloth is cut and a new ply started with enough overlap to ensure that all pattern pieces are whole and without defects .
if the type of defect and its location are [considered] unacceptable , then the bolt of cloth is cut and a new ply started with enough overlap to ensure that all pattern pieces are whole and without defects .

Deemed the finest Ottoman building in Istanbul , the mosque is a tribute to the “ Golden Age ” of the Ottoman Empire , and to the two great men of genius who created it — Sultan Süleyman I , the Magnificent , and his chief architect , Sinan .
[considered] the finest ottoman building in istanbul , the mosque is a tribute to the “ golden age ” of the ottoman empire , and to the two great men of genius who created it — sultan süleyman i , the magnificent , and his chief architect , sinan .

According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .
according to biblical tradition , although david bought the land for the temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was [considered] unworthy of constructing the temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .

They fortified the more strategic islands , but Jamaica was deemed less important than Cuba or Puerto Rico and , consequently , was poorly protected .
they fortified the more strategic islands , but jamaica was [considered] less important than cuba or puerto rico and , consequently , was poorly protected .

The French team that won the 1998 World Cup was deemed by some unsuitable to represent France because of the mixed heritage of the players .
the french team that won the 1998 world cup was [considered] by some unsuitable to represent france because of the mixed heritage of the players .

Tension had been simmering for decades , fostered by Spain ’ s treatment of her New Spanish-born colonists , or criollos ( deemed to be second-class citizens compared to those born in the homeland ) .
tension had been simmering for decades , fostered by spain ’ s treatment of her new spanish-born colonists , or criollos ( [considered] to be second-class citizens compared to those born in the homeland ) .

Unfashionable buildings , such as the warehouses of the old docks , were simply left to the elements , deemed to be worthless .
unfashionable buildings , such as the warehouses of the old docks , were simply left to the elements , [considered] to be worthless .

The teahouse pond marks one corner of the Old Chinese City ( Nanshi ) , once deemed a danger zone for European visitors .
the teahouse pond marks one corner of the old chinese city ( nanshi ) , once [considered] a danger zone for european visitors .

As a rule , none of the objects offered for sale — especially those deemed ceremonial , such as the Muvieris and Marakame hats and chairs — have been used in actual ceremonies .
as a rule , none of the objects offered for sale — especially those [considered] ceremonial , such as the muvieris and marakame hats and chairs — have been used in actual ceremonies .

These relationships were deemed to be hierarchical and dictatorial .
these relationships were [considered] to be hierarchical and dictatorial .

For many years afterwards , legends and rumors bizarrely insisted that the king was still alive , and imposters turned up from time to time claiming the throne ; those who were plausible enough to be deemed a threat were summarily executed .
for many years afterwards , legends and rumors bizarrely insisted that the king was still alive , and imposters turned up from time to time claiming the throne ; those who were plausible enough to be [considered] a threat were summarily executed .

Later the structure was deemed to be a fire hazard and so they had this beautiful stone building designed for them , which opened for performances in 1887 .
later the structure was [considered] to be a fire hazard and so they had this beautiful stone building designed for them , which opened for performances in 1887 .

Though Passaic submitted its own bid , LSC deemed it nonconforming because it disregarded the reconfiguration and sought to continue serving only Passaic County .
though passaic submitted its own bid , lsc [considered] it nonconforming because it disregarded the reconfiguration and sought to continue serving only passaic county .

In an emergency department ( ED ) study of injured crash victims who had been drinking , Cherpitel found that more than one-third linked their drinking to being injured and thus were deemed good candidates for `` brief intervention .
in an emergency department ( ed ) study of injured crash victims who had been drinking , cherpitel found that more than one-third linked their drinking to being injured and thus were [considered] good candidates for `` brief intervention .

At the start of every audit , the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have deemed necessary and have planned .
at the start of every audit , the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have [considered] necessary and have planned .

The Treasury may be deemed to have borrowed from the public to finance the outlays for which the entity borrowed , and thus to have incurred a corresponding interest cost of its own .
the treasury may be [considered] to have borrowed from the public to finance the outlays for which the entity borrowed , and thus to have incurred a corresponding interest cost of its own .

All stewardship information is deemed `` required supplemental stewardship information '' ( RSSI ) .
all stewardship information is [considered] `` required supplemental stewardship information '' ( rssi ) .

Reporting supplementary stewardship information in two categories will not be deemed double counting .
reporting supplementary stewardship information in two categories will not be [considered] double counting .

Once the staff was satisfied that the invoice reflected a legal , proper , valid , and accurate amount , the invoice was deemed ready for payment .
once the staff was satisfied that the invoice reflected a legal , proper , valid , and accurate amount , the invoice was [considered] ready for payment .

Despite this , the program office deemed the risk acceptable for moving the program forward to begin manufacturing prototypes .
despite this , the program office [considered] the risk acceptable for moving the program forward to begin manufacturing prototypes .

Examples of outcome measures for an aviation safety inspection program could be the percentage reduction in significant safety problems found in subsequent inspections and/or the percentage of significant problems deemed corrected in follow-up inspections .
examples of outcome measures for an aviation safety inspection program could be the percentage reduction in significant safety problems found in subsequent inspections and/or the percentage of significant problems [considered] corrected in follow-up inspections .

At the start of every audit , the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have deemed necessary and have planned .
at the start of every audit , the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have [considered] necessary and have planned .

There can be little doubt that the LSC Act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and in the context of this statute there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in Rust and which sufficed there to allow the Government to specify the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate objectives .
there can be little doubt that the lsc act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and in the context of this statute there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in rust and which sufficed there to allow the government to specify the advice [considered] necessary for its legitimate objectives .

There can be little doubt that the LSC Act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in Rust and which sufficed there to allow the Government to specify the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate objectives .
there can be little doubt that the lsc act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in rust and which sufficed there to allow the government to specify the advice [considered] necessary for its legitimate objectives .

In making the recommendation , the VP for Programs shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to the enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analysis and recommendations of the LSC state planning team ; the articulated concerns of the DSPB ; and any other information deemed to be relevant by the VP of Programs .
in making the recommendation , the vp for programs shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to the enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analysis and recommendations of the lsc state planning team ; the articulated concerns of the dspb ; and any other information [considered] to be relevant by the vp of programs .

In making the decision , the President shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analyses and recommendations of the LSC state planning team and the VP for Programs ; the articulated concerns of the DSPB ; and any other information deemed relevant by the President .
in making the decision , the president shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analyses and recommendations of the lsc state planning team and the vp for programs ; the articulated concerns of the dspb ; and any other information [considered] relevant by the president .

Lawful permanent residents may depart the United States for extended periods without loss of status , as long as they are not deemed to have abandoned their residence in the United States .
lawful permanent residents may depart the united states for extended periods without loss of status , as long as they are not [considered] to have abandoned their residence in the united states .

Congress avoided having to amend the LSC appropriations bills by specifically creating in IRCA the legal fiction that H-2A workers would be deemed lawful `` permanent resident aliens '' for the purposes of legal services representation under the existing categories of eligible aliens .
congress avoided having to amend the lsc appropriations bills by specifically creating in irca the legal fiction that h-2a workers would be [considered] lawful `` permanent resident aliens '' for the purposes of legal services representation under the existing categories of eligible aliens .

Because SAWS and H-2A workers were deemed to be permanent resident aliens , they became subject to the presence requirement in the Corporation 's appropriations act .
because saws and h-2a workers were [considered] to be permanent resident aliens , they became subject to the presence requirement in the corporation 's appropriations act .

Thus , IRCA deemed H-2As to be `` permanent resident aliens '' -a category eligible for LSC legal assistance -- for the purposes of receiving legal assistance from the Corporation.21 According to the comment from Representative Berman provided to the Commission , Congress was aware of the presence requirement and intended that the requirement be consistent with the provision of meaningful representation to the H-2A workers under IRCA : Those of us who actively participated in drafting section 305 , granting LSC the ability to represent H-2A workers and H-2A eligibility for such services , were very much aware of the alien-representation restrictions in the annual LSC appropriations bills ... Congress did not view the present in the United States language in the appropriations bill as limiting the representation of H-2A workers to the time period during which they remained in the United States .
thus , irca [considered] h-2as to be `` permanent resident aliens '' -a category eligible for lsc legal assistance -- for the purposes of receiving legal assistance from the corporation.21 according to the comment from representative berman provided to the commission , congress was aware of the presence requirement and intended that the requirement be consistent with the provision of meaningful representation to the h-2a workers under irca : those of us who actively participated in drafting section 305 , granting lsc the ability to represent h-2a workers and h-2a eligibility for such services , were very much aware of the alien-representation restrictions in the annual lsc appropriations bills ... congress did not view the present in the united states language in the appropriations bill as limiting the representation of h-2a workers to the time period during which they remained in the united states .

Overall , the GAO deemed questionable approximately 34 percent of both open and closed cases reported by the five grantees in 1997 .
overall , the gao [considered] questionable approximately 34 percent of both open and closed cases reported by the five grantees in 1997 .

It only includes the counts that the LSC Results Group deemed reliable based on a review of the data and follow-up interviews with a sample of grantees .
it only includes the counts that the lsc results group [considered] reliable based on a review of the data and follow-up interviews with a sample of grantees .

Figures which the Results Group deemed too `` soft '' to be used in 2001 will eventually be moved to the `` reliable '' column .
figures which the results group [considered] too `` soft '' to be used in 2001 will eventually be moved to the `` reliable '' column .

In this instance , the biologist must determine some amount of adverse effect that is deemed to be `` safe , '' in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters .
in this instance , the biologist must determine some amount of adverse effect that is [considered] to be `` safe , '' in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters .

If the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .
if the assumptions are not [considered] tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .

In addition , point estimation or regression approaches would require the specification by biologists or toxicologists of some low level of adverse effect that would be deemed acceptable or safe .
in addition , point estimation or regression approaches would require the specification by biologists or toxicologists of some low level of adverse effect that would be [considered] acceptable or safe .

In this instance , the biologist must determine some amount of adverse effect that is deemed to be `` safe '' , in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters .
in this instance , the biologist must determine some amount of adverse effect that is [considered] to be `` safe '' , in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters .

If the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .
if the assumptions are not [considered] tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .

In addition , point estimation or regression approaches would require the specification by biologists or toxicologists of some low level of adverse effect that would be deemed acceptable or safe .
in addition , point estimation or regression approaches would require the specification by biologists or toxicologists of some low level of adverse effect that would be [considered] acceptable or safe .

All allowance allocations and transfers shall , upon recordation by the Administrator , be deemed a part of each unit 's or facility 's permit requirements pursuant to section 404 , without any further permit review and revision .
all allowance allocations and transfers shall , upon recordation by the administrator , be [considered] a part of each unit 's or facility 's permit requirements pursuant to section 404 , without any further permit review and revision .

For purposes of this subsection , compliance , as provided in section 504 ( f ) , with a permit issued under title V which complies with this title for facilities subject to this title shall be deemed compliance with this subsection as well as section 502 ( a ) .
for purposes of this subsection , compliance , as provided in section 504 ( f ) , with a permit issued under title v which complies with this title for facilities subject to this title shall be [considered] compliance with this subsection as well as section 502 ( a ) .

In addition to the other requirements and prohibitions provided for in this title , the operation of any affected unit or the affected units at a facility to emit sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , or mercury in violation of section 412 ( c ) , 422 , 432 , 452 , and 472 , as the case may be , shall be deemed a violation , with each ton or , in the case of mercury , each ounce emitted in excess of allowances held constituting a separate violation .
in addition to the other requirements and prohibitions provided for in this title , the operation of any affected unit or the affected units at a facility to emit sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , or mercury in violation of section 412 ( c ) , 422 , 432 , 452 , and 472 , as the case may be , shall be [considered] a violation , with each ton or , in the case of mercury , each ounce emitted in excess of allowances held constituting a separate violation .

A passive lessor , or a person who has an equitable interest through such lessor , whose rental payments are not based , either directly or indirectly , upon the revenues or income from the affected unit shall not be deemed to be a holder of a legal , equitable , leasehold , or contractual interest for the purpose of holding or distributing allowances as provided in this subsection , during either the term of such leasehold or thereafter , unless expressly provided for in the leasehold agreement .
a passive lessor , or a person who has an equitable interest through such lessor , whose rental payments are not based , either directly or indirectly , upon the revenues or income from the affected unit shall not be [considered] to be a holder of a legal , equitable , leasehold , or contractual interest for the purpose of holding or distributing allowances as provided in this subsection , during either the term of such leasehold or thereafter , unless expressly provided for in the leasehold agreement .

Except as otherwise provided in this subsection , where all legal or equitable title to or interest in an affected unit is held by a single person , the certification shall state that all allowances under this subpart received by the unit are deemed to be held for that person .
except as otherwise provided in this subsection , where all legal or equitable title to or interest in an affected unit is held by a single person , the certification shall state that all allowances under this subpart received by the unit are [considered] to be held for that person .

Because Hortman deemed Jarrah unfit to fly solo , he could fly this route only with an instructor .
because hortman [considered] jarrah unfit to fly solo , he could fly this route only with an instructor .

In addition , they should have access at all times to flashlights , which were deemed invaluable by some civilians who managed to evacuate the WTC on September 11 .
in addition , they should have access at all times to flashlights , which were [considered] invaluable by some civilians who managed to evacuate the wtc on september 11 .

On September 30 , 1999 , the FAA closed the file on the August report after investigation could not corroborate the report , and the source 's credibility was deemed suspect .
on september 30 , 1999 , the faa closed the file on the august report after investigation could not corroborate the report , and the source 's credibility was [considered] suspect .

In February 2000 , the CIA began receiving information about a possible Bin Ladin-associated plot to attack Air Force One with Stinger missiles if President Clinton visited Pakistan ; this information was deemed credible by early March .
in february 2000 , the cia began receiving information about a possible bin ladin-associated plot to attack air force one with stinger missiles if president clinton visited pakistan ; this information was [considered] credible by early march .

When he proposed sending a CIA team into northern Afghanistan to meet with Massoud in August 2000 , the idea was turned down ; local helicopters were not deemed airworthy , and land access was too risky .
when he proposed sending a cia team into northern afghanistan to meet with massoud in august 2000 , the idea was turned down ; local helicopters were not [considered] airworthy , and land access was too risky .

When polygraphed on whether he had taken flight training at the behest of an organization , al Salmi 's negative response was deemed deceptive .
when polygraphed on whether he had taken flight training at the behest of an organization , al salmi 's negative response was [considered] deceptive .

Because they were deemed not to be bona fide tourists or students as they claimed , five conspirators that we know of tried to get visas and failed , and one was denied entry by an inspector .
because they were [considered] not to be bona fide tourists or students as they claimed , five conspirators that we know of tried to get visas and failed , and one was denied entry by an inspector .

However , this individual had radiographic lesions ( pleural and bone metastases ) that were deemed nonmeasurable by RECIST criteria .
however , this individual had radiographic lesions ( pleural and bone metastases ) that were [considered] nonmeasurable by recist criteria .

Thus , many patients deemed “ low risk ” for acute events within a period of time might still develop disease .
thus , many patients [considered] “ low risk ” for acute events within a period of time might still develop disease .

Measures should be taken to ensure that their views and approaches , even if deemed unconventional , are not stifled by the newly established system .
measures should be taken to ensure that their views and approaches , even if [considered] unconventional , are not stifled by the newly established system .

Although deemed undesirable by Stonehenge , he is important to readers of this story ; he is Lemmy Caution , last seen in Chapter 31 .
although [considered] undesirable by stonehenge , he is important to readers of this story ; he is lemmy caution , last seen in chapter 31 .

Wackiest detail reported by the Times : `` Because Long 's doctor deemed such a move 'risky , ' state officials used an airplane staffed by medical personnel to ensure that he arrived in good health after the 25-minute trip . ''
wackiest detail reported by the times : `` because long 's doctor [considered] such a move 'risky , ' state officials used an airplane staffed by medical personnel to ensure that he arrived in good health after the 25-minute trip . ''

Chatterbox learned that the science of studying facial expressions is relatively new : Before the 1960s , apparently , `` it was deemed a useless enterprise . ''
chatterbox learned that the science of studying facial expressions is relatively new : before the 1960s , apparently , `` it was [considered] a useless enterprise . ''

Courts have deemed streets , sidewalks , and parks to be open forums for free speech -- and Seattle 's action clearly limited the protestors ' access to them .
courts have [considered] streets , sidewalks , and parks to be open forums for free speech -- and seattle 's action clearly limited the protestors ' access to them .

It 's the hypercapitalist studio mentality that is usually deemed corrupt .
it 's the hypercapitalist studio mentality that is usually [considered] corrupt .

Which brings me to another well-known critic : Aristotle , who , at the dawn of Western drama , deemed spectacle the medium 's least important component .
which brings me to another well-known critic : aristotle , who , at the dawn of western drama , [considered] spectacle the medium 's least important component .

In the new Batman , the score was apparently deemed insufficient .
in the new batman , the score was apparently [considered] insufficient .

Dick Gephardt , says the paper , deemed the committee 's investigation `` in chaos '' and asked Newt Gingrich to take charge , which Gingrich apparently will not do .
dick gephardt , says the paper , [considered] the committee 's investigation `` in chaos '' and asked newt gingrich to take charge , which gingrich apparently will not do .

Slate `` Dialogue , '' deemed irony `` a comfortable perch from which we can be unserious about the environment , not to mention labor unions , third-world malnutrition , ethnic conflict , wage disparities , corporate malfeasance . ''
slate `` dialogue , '' [considered] irony `` a comfortable perch from which we can be unserious about the environment , not to mention labor unions , third-world malnutrition , ethnic conflict , wage disparities , corporate malfeasance . ''

If the Supreme Court extends the provision to cover marriage , the federal Defense of Marriage Act -- as well as the state laws barring same-sex unions -- would quite likely be deemed unconstitutional .
if the supreme court extends the provision to cover marriage , the federal defense of marriage act -- as well as the state laws barring same-sex unions -- would quite likely be [considered] unconstitutional .

Its protagonist , a red-neck propane salesman , is deemed the heir to Roseanne and Archie Bunker .
its protagonist , a red-neck propane salesman , is [considered] the heir to roseanne and archie bunker .

Woody Allen 's 28 th feature -- about a misogynistic novelist who disguises his own life in his stories -- is deemed his darkest .
woody allen 's 28 th feature -- about a misogynistic novelist who disguises his own life in his stories -- is [considered] his darkest .

The '70s megastar 's first album of new songs in nine years is deemed melancholic and sluggish , `` like it has been injected with a tranquilizer '' ( David Browne , Entertainment Weekly ) .
the '70s megastar 's first album of new songs in nine years is [considered] melancholic and sluggish , `` like it has been injected with a tranquilizer '' ( david browne , entertainment weekly ) .

Their new album is deemed particularly offensive .
their new album is [considered] particularly offensive .

Live Flesh , about a man who accidentally shoots his lover 's husband , is deemed the director 's `` most mature film yet '' ( Jack Mathews , Newsday ) .
live flesh , about a man who accidentally shoots his lover 's husband , is [considered] the director 's `` most mature film yet '' ( jack mathews , newsday ) .

The second of three volumes chronicling the civil-rights movement is deemed as magisterial as the Pulitzer Prize-winning first , Parting the Waters ( 1988 ) .
the second of three volumes chronicling the civil-rights movement is [considered] as magisterial as the pulitzer prize-winning first , parting the waters ( 1988 ) .

The good news : Reviewers deemed it his best State of the Union speech so far .
the good news : reviewers [considered] it his best state of the union speech so far .

His latest novel , about an insane heir to a manufacturing fortune who 's forbidden to see women , is deemed diffuse and stocked with caricatures .
his latest novel , about an insane heir to a manufacturing fortune who 's forbidden to see women , is [considered] diffuse and stocked with caricatures .

The second biopic about record-breaking superstar runner Steve Prefontaine is deemed worthier than its 1997 predecessor , Prefontaine .
the second biopic about record-breaking superstar runner steve prefontaine is [considered] worthier than its 1997 predecessor , prefontaine .

Despite the refusal of major distributors to release it as a theatrical film , Fatal Attraction Director Adriane Lyne 's adaptation of Vladimir Nabokov 's novel is deemed boring rather than shocking .
despite the refusal of major distributors to release it as a theatrical film , fatal attraction director adriane lyne 's adaptation of vladimir nabokov 's novel is [considered] boring rather than shocking .

The second of two installments in the presidential scholar 's biography of the 36 th president is deemed `` sound and judicious , '' and a corrective to Robert Caro 's polemical anti-Johnson tomes ( Sean Wilentz , the New York Times Book Review ) .
the second of two installments in the presidential scholar 's biography of the 36 th president is [considered] `` sound and judicious , '' and a corrective to robert caro 's polemical anti-johnson tomes ( sean wilentz , the new york times book review ) .

Goldsmith 's biography is deemed novelistic but sensationalist , Gabriel 's scholarly but dry .
goldsmith 's biography is [considered] novelistic but sensationalist , gabriel 's scholarly but dry .

The self-conscious cracks about aging and the stylish shots of Los Angeles are said to be entertaining , but the movie 's pace is deemed sluggish .
the self-conscious cracks about aging and the stylish shots of los angeles are said to be entertaining , but the movie 's pace is [considered] sluggish .

Lazarus ' claim that zealous clerks run the court is deemed `` overstated '' ( David Garrow , the New York Times Book Review ) .
lazarus ' claim that zealous clerks run the court is [considered] `` overstated '' ( david garrow , the new york times book review ) .

The second bill was dismissed as veto bait , but Republicans were deemed to have scored a victory by detaching it and thereby removing Clinton 's excuse to veto the larger bill .
the second bill was dismissed as veto bait , but republicans were [considered] to have scored a victory by detaching it and thereby removing clinton 's excuse to veto the larger bill .

This Melrose Place- style soap about aspiring Olympic athletes is deemed the most uncouth of the new teen and twentysomething shows .
this melrose place- style soap about aspiring olympic athletes is [considered] the most uncouth of the new teen and twentysomething shows .

Pitt 's performance and his efforts at an Austrian accent are deemed `` painful at moments '' ( Kenneth Turan , the Los Angeles Times ) .
pitt 's performance and his efforts at an austrian accent are [considered] `` painful at moments '' ( kenneth turan , the los angeles times ) .

This big-budget remake is deemed a bastardization of director Fred Zinnemann 's 1973 political thriller , The Day of the Jackal .
this big-budget remake is [considered] a bastardization of director fred zinnemann 's 1973 political thriller , the day of the jackal .

A morality play about a garbage man 's ascent to literary fame , it is deemed `` a perfect modern parable '' ( Janet Maslin , the New York Times ) , with devastating send-ups of celebrity and the publishing world .
a morality play about a garbage man 's ascent to literary fame , it is [considered] `` a perfect modern parable '' ( janet maslin , the new york times ) , with devastating send-ups of celebrity and the publishing world .

On the downside , this year 's outfits were deemed boring : less gothic and showing less cleavage than usual .
on the downside , this year 's outfits were [considered] boring : less gothic and showing less cleavage than usual .

Actor-director-writer Robert Duvall 's film -- about a Pentecostal preacher who beats his wife 's lover into a coma -- is deemed `` the best movie ever about a man of God '' ( David Denby , New York ) .
actor-director-writer robert duvall 's film -- about a pentecostal preacher who beats his wife 's lover into a coma -- is [considered] `` the best movie ever about a man of god '' ( david denby , new york ) .

Individual performances are said to be inspired ; the card hall settings are said to be gritty ; the dialogue is said to be pleasingly peppered with poker jargon -- but the film is deemed `` unable to do justice to its potential '' ( Kenneth Turan , the Los Angeles Times ) .
individual performances are said to be inspired ; the card hall settings are said to be gritty ; the dialogue is said to be pleasingly peppered with poker jargon -- but the film is [considered] `` unable to do justice to its potential '' ( kenneth turan , the los angeles times ) .

An ex-CIA agent 's thriller about a skirt-chasing spy 's ascent to the presidency is deemed `` Primary Colors written with imagination '' ( Christopher Lehmann-Haupt , the New York Times ) .
an ex-cia agent 's thriller about a skirt-chasing spy 's ascent to the presidency is [considered] `` primary colors written with imagination '' ( christopher lehmann-haupt , the new york times ) .

If I am to be deemed a maniac , let 's at least try to state correctly what it is I 've been raving about .
if i am to be [considered] a maniac , let 's at least try to state correctly what it is i 've been raving about .

Chapter 1 , a k a the `` Benjy '' chapter , was deemed `` a tour de force ranking with anything Joyce , Dickens , or Shakespeare wrote '' by the thread 's host .
chapter 1 , a k a the `` benjy '' chapter , was [considered] `` a tour de force ranking with anything joyce , dickens , or shakespeare wrote '' by the thread 's host .

In fact , such a bargain might be deemed much more ruthless in the Clintons ' case , as the wife 's reason for tolerating her husband 's misbehavior would probably be less a desire to keep up decent appearances than a desire to gain and retain power herself .
in fact , such a bargain might be [considered] much more ruthless in the clintons ' case , as the wife 's reason for tolerating her husband 's misbehavior would probably be less a desire to keep up decent appearances than a desire to gain and retain power herself .

The New York Times , Los Angeles Times , and Washington Post deemed the elections a promising break with Indonesia 's autocratic history .
the new york times , los angeles times , and washington post [considered] the elections a promising break with indonesia 's autocratic history .

After 13 months of investigating , the jury deemed the evidence insufficient .
after 13 months of investigating , the jury [considered] the evidence insufficient .

Newspapers noted the perfect symmetry -- busing had begun with the Supreme Court 's 1971 Swann vs. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of Education decision -- and the neoconservative-dominated commentariat cheered the demise of what it deemed a failed experiment .
newspapers noted the perfect symmetry -- busing had begun with the supreme court 's 1971 swann vs. charlotte-mecklenburg board of education decision -- and the neoconservative-dominated commentariat cheered the demise of what it [considered] a failed experiment .

Although it is easier to disconfirm a hypothesis than to establish one , disconfirmations are much less likely to be deemed newsworthy .
although it is easier to disconfirm a hypothesis than to establish one , disconfirmations are much less likely to be [considered] newsworthy .

Buckley weighed in , defending his work against all charges aesthetic , historical , and ideological , and quoting a critic writing in Buckley 's own National Review , who deemed the book `` wonderfully readable ... a witty , fast-moving yarn . ''
buckley weighed in , defending his work against all charges aesthetic , historical , and ideological , and quoting a critic writing in buckley 's own national review , who [considered] the book `` wonderfully readable ... a witty , fast-moving yarn . ''

Both meetings were deemed key steps toward rebuilding relationships Netanyahu had soured .
both meetings were [considered] key steps toward rebuilding relationships netanyahu had soured .

In [ a constitutional ] admissions program , race or ethnic background may be deemed a `` plus '' in a particular applicant file , yet it does not insulate the individual from comparison with all other candidates for the available seats .
in [ a constitutional ] admissions program , race or ethnic background may be [considered] a `` plus '' in a particular applicant file , yet it does not insulate the individual from comparison with all other candidates for the available seats .

They observed that pragmatic hawks such as Sen. Dick Lugar , R-Ind. , who had supported previous arms control pacts , deemed this one unwise .
they observed that pragmatic hawks such as sen. dick lugar , r-ind. , who had supported previous arms control pacts , [considered] this one unwise .

Buckley weighed in , defending his work against all charges aesthetic , historical , and ideological , and quoting a critic writing in Buckley 's own National Review who deemed the book `` wonderfully readable ... a witty , fast-moving yarn . ''
buckley weighed in , defending his work against all charges aesthetic , historical , and ideological , and quoting a critic writing in buckley 's own national review who [considered] the book `` wonderfully readable ... a witty , fast-moving yarn . ''

That Bradley is deemed viable by the press , he 's beginning to receive harsher scrutiny .
that bradley is [considered] viable by the press , he 's beginning to receive harsher scrutiny .

All he says is , `` No one asked how a company the stock market deemed unworthy was now , suddenly , desirable .
all he says is , `` no one asked how a company the stock market [considered] unworthy was now , suddenly , desirable .

His latest masterpiece , Prisoners Out of Control , was deemed too graphic by Fox execs .
his latest masterpiece , prisoners out of control , was [considered] too graphic by fox execs .

Rule 24 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure details various grounds on which jurors may be deemed `` unable or unqualified to perform their duties . ''
rule 24 of the federal rules of criminal procedure details various grounds on which jurors may be [considered] `` unable or unqualified to perform their duties . ''

After director Bryan Singer 's surprise hit The Usual Suspects ( 1995 ) , Apt Pupil is deemed a disappointment .
after director bryan singer 's surprise hit the usual suspects ( 1995 ) , apt pupil is [considered] a disappointment .

The third installment in the adventures of Henry Bech , an aging urban Jewish writer , is deemed `` one of Updike 's less ambitious works '' but still `` filled with pleasures '' ( Brian Morton , the Chicago Tribune ) .
the third installment in the adventures of henry bech , an aging urban jewish writer , is [considered] `` one of updike 's less ambitious works '' but still `` filled with pleasures '' ( brian morton , the chicago tribune ) .

Lead : The news story deemed most important by the newspaper .
lead : the news story [considered] most important by the newspaper .

In a culture where most politicians scurry to minimize any hint of behavior that might be deemed scandalous , McCain reminds you of the Seinfeld episode in which George resolves to do `` the opposite . ''
in a culture where most politicians scurry to minimize any hint of behavior that might be [considered] scandalous , mccain reminds you of the seinfeld episode in which george resolves to do `` the opposite . ''

Despite a general expression of weariness with mob movies , Donnie Brasco is deemed a critical success .
despite a general expression of weariness with mob movies , donnie brasco is [considered] a critical success .

Deemed particularly offensive are the skewed camera angles and choppy editing -- '' the Big Fat Over-Produced and Over-Directed Oliver Stone treatment '' ( Stephen Hunter , the Washington Post ) .
[considered] particularly offensive are the skewed camera angles and choppy editing -- '' the big fat over-produced and over-directed oliver stone treatment '' ( stephen hunter , the washington post ) .

The bear 's performance is deemed a `` milestone in ursine acting '' ( Kenneth Turan , the Los Angeles Times ) .
the bear 's performance is [considered] a `` milestone in ursine acting '' ( kenneth turan , the los angeles times ) .

Most critics are happy to reconsider the maligned `` blue period , '' which is now deemed `` Picasso at his most accessible '' by the Wall Street Journal 's Deborah Solomon ( `` you do n't need to know the first thing about line or form to be deeply moved by them '' ) .
most critics are happy to reconsider the maligned `` blue period , '' which is now [considered] `` picasso at his most accessible '' by the wall street journal 's deborah solomon ( `` you do n't need to know the first thing about line or form to be deeply moved by them '' ) .

Carrey 's performance is deemed brilliant .
carrey 's performance is [considered] brilliant .

Two of the three stories in this volume concern the midlife crises of womanizers and all three are deemed mediocre knockoffs of Ford 's earlier work , littered with characters `` not complex enough to hold one 's interest '' ( Christopher Lehmann-Haupt , the New York Times ) .
two of the three stories in this volume concern the midlife crises of womanizers and all three are [considered] mediocre knockoffs of ford 's earlier work , littered with characters `` not complex enough to hold one 's interest '' ( christopher lehmann-haupt , the new york times ) .

This action flick , about a rogues ' gallery of prisoners who hijack a jet , is deemed summer-blockbuster overkill : too many ridiculous plot twists , too many explosions , too much ripping off of its predecessors .
this action flick , about a rogues ' gallery of prisoners who hijack a jet , is [considered] summer-blockbuster overkill : too many ridiculous plot twists , too many explosions , too much ripping off of its predecessors .

Shots of cute animals are deemed an inadequate substitute for the cutting wit that made the earlier film ( by the same cast , and also written by John Cleese ) a cult hit .
shots of cute animals are [considered] an inadequate substitute for the cutting wit that made the earlier film ( by the same cast , and also written by john cleese ) a cult hit .

The last movie starring slain rapper Tupac Shakur ( Juice , Poetic Justice ) is deemed an authentic portrayal of junkie life .
the last movie starring slain rapper tupac shakur ( juice , poetic justice ) is [considered] an authentic portrayal of junkie life .

Usually the most controversial group show in the United States , this year 's much hyped selection of the best American art of the last two years is deemed smart but overly polite .
usually the most controversial group show in the united states , this year 's much hyped selection of the best american art of the last two years is [considered] smart but overly polite .

Cage and Travolta are deemed `` two of the most daring , physically intuitive , soulful performers on screen '' ( Ansen ) .
cage and travolta are [considered] `` two of the most daring , physically intuitive , soulful performers on screen '' ( ansen ) .

Rhetorically , the speech is deemed to have been unsuccessful .
rhetorically , the speech is [considered] to have been unsuccessful .

Harrison Ford 's turn as a U.S. president who goes mano a mano with Russian hijackers aboard his official plane is deemed a `` 14-year-old boy 's fantasy of being president '' ( David Denby , New York ) .
harrison ford 's turn as a u.s. president who goes mano a mano with russian hijackers aboard his official plane is [considered] a `` 14-year-old boy 's fantasy of being president '' ( david denby , new york ) .

His protagonist , a misanthropic businessman named Neville `` Bunt '' Mullard , is deemed poorly drawn .
his protagonist , a misanthropic businessman named neville `` bunt '' mullard , is [considered] poorly drawn .

The biography of the legendary Belgian-French king of pulp fiction ( 1903-1989 ) , who wrote more than 400 novels and bedded even more women ( he estimated 10,000 ) , is deemed masterful , `` absorbing , '' and `` definitive '' ( Deirdre Bair , the New York Times Book Review ) .
the biography of the legendary belgian-french king of pulp fiction ( 1903-1989 ) , who wrote more than 400 novels and bedded even more women ( he estimated 10,000 ) , is [considered] masterful , `` absorbing , '' and `` definitive '' ( deirdre bair , the new york times book review ) .

A Cambridge don 's assessment of recent indictments of psychoanalysis -- including its alleged sexism , pseudoscience , and ineffectiveness -- is deemed `` dispassionate '' ( Sarah Boxer , the New York Times Book Review ) by some , wishy-washy by others .
a cambridge don 's assessment of recent indictments of psychoanalysis -- including its alleged sexism , pseudoscience , and ineffectiveness -- is [considered] `` dispassionate '' ( sarah boxer , the new york times book review ) by some , wishy-washy by others .

St. Johns law professor and Sunday poet Lawrence Joseph 's anthology of conversations with New York attorneys is deemed humorous but `` pointless '' ( Rob Long , the Weekly Standard ) .
st. johns law professor and sunday poet lawrence joseph 's anthology of conversations with new york attorneys is [considered] humorous but `` pointless '' ( rob long , the weekly standard ) .

Several critics point out that Costello 's voice is not quite up to the task presented by Bacharach 's complex melodies , but this is deemed only a minor irritation .
several critics point out that costello 's voice is not quite up to the task presented by bacharach 's complex melodies , but this is [considered] only a minor irritation .

Based on a hitherto little-known 1923 incident in which a white mob pillaged a black Florida town , Rosewood is deemed important as history but insignificant as art .
based on a hitherto little-known 1923 incident in which a white mob pillaged a black florida town , rosewood is [considered] important as history but insignificant as art .

Wills ' analysis of Wayne as a cultural icon is deemed pretentious , long-winded , and jargon-filled .
wills ' analysis of wayne as a cultural icon is [considered] pretentious , long-winded , and jargon-filled .

The film is deemed a gesture more of sentiment than of artistry .
the film is [considered] a gesture more of sentiment than of artistry .

A plot in which Eastwood , as a cat burglar , spies Hackman , as the U.S. president , murdering his mistress is deemed cartoonish and incredible .
a plot in which eastwood , as a cat burglar , spies hackman , as the u.s. president , murdering his mistress is [considered] cartoonish and incredible .

The Practice is deemed the ER of law .
the practice is [considered] the er of law .

In particular , it does n't survive the 1980s , an era the New York Times deemed was characterized by `` nerd chic . ''
in particular , it does n't survive the 1980s , an era the new york times [considered] was characterized by `` nerd chic . ''

Assuming the bare-bones basic functions of government are to be maintained , where then will be the room for any border-control guards or anti-terrorism measures , or Head Start or education grants or peanut subsidies or national parks , or disaster relief -- let alone the enhancements that Congress deemed so necessary this October ?
assuming the bare-bones basic functions of government are to be maintained , where then will be the room for any border-control guards or anti-terrorism measures , or head start or education grants or peanut subsidies or national parks , or disaster relief -- let alone the enhancements that congress [considered] so necessary this october ?

Reporters deemed his tone `` strident '' and belligerent .
reporters [considered] his tone `` strident '' and belligerent .

A takeover is deemed hostile when the target company 's management objects to the deal .
a takeover is [considered] hostile when the target company 's management objects to the deal .

In an editorial it deplored the fact that `` whether it is enlisting the services of goons ... or terrorising innocent citizens with guns , all methods are deemed to be good as long as , in the perception of the candidate , they lead to his victory . ''
in an editorial it deplored the fact that `` whether it is enlisting the services of goons ... or terrorising innocent citizens with guns , all methods are [considered] to be good as long as , in the perception of the candidate , they lead to his victory . ''

How to explain that yesterday 's gathering at Arlington National Cemetery of thousands of female military veterans for the dedication of a new memorial honoring them was , among the majors , deemed front-page news only at the LAT ?
how to explain that yesterday 's gathering at arlington national cemetery of thousands of female military veterans for the dedication of a new memorial honoring them was , among the majors , [considered] front-page news only at the lat ?

The NYT and the WP agree that the abortion bans were deemed unconstitutional because their wording could also prohibit procedures used in first- and second-trimester abortions .
the nyt and the wp agree that the abortion bans were [considered] unconstitutional because their wording could also prohibit procedures used in first- and second-trimester abortions .

Nixon 's statesmanlike response was to fund a secret investigative team to bedevil Ellsberg and anyone else whom Nixon , in his overweening paranoia and narcissism , deemed a risk to `` national security . ''
nixon 's statesmanlike response was to fund a secret investigative team to bedevil ellsberg and anyone else whom nixon , in his overweening paranoia and narcissism , [considered] a risk to `` national security . ''

He hectored friends and publishers for money , repaid people 's love for him with cold neglect , and followed up on A Fan 's Notes with two sequels , neither of which the critics deemed interesting .
he hectored friends and publishers for money , repaid people 's love for him with cold neglect , and followed up on a fan 's notes with two sequels , neither of which the critics [considered] interesting .

Of the seven generic names established by Nabokov , five were deemed still valid , and the two mistakes could be attributed to his not having had enough samples .
of the seven generic names established by nabokov , five were [considered] still valid , and the two mistakes could be attributed to his not having had enough samples .

The pundits were generally enthusiastic about Glenn 's rocket ride -- McLaughlin gushed that it would `` change the outlook on who is old '' -- although the cynics deemed the trip an `` interplanetary perk for a favored politician '' ( Kate O'Beirne , Capital Gang ) .
the pundits were generally enthusiastic about glenn 's rocket ride -- mclaughlin gushed that it would `` change the outlook on who is old '' -- although the cynics [considered] the trip an `` interplanetary perk for a favored politician '' ( kate o'beirne , capital gang ) .

Among its founders : Albert Boni , flush from his invention of the leather-bound edition of Shakespeare , so inspired a flash of marketing genius it was deemed worthy , by the candy manufacturer Whitman 's , of inclusion in every box of chocolate sold .
among its founders : albert boni , flush from his invention of the leather-bound edition of shakespeare , so inspired a flash of marketing genius it was [considered] worthy , by the candy manufacturer whitman 's , of inclusion in every box of chocolate sold .

Before you write me off as a waffling postmodernist , let me remind you that publishing fiction as truth is an enduring tradition in world literature , dating back to the early days of the novel , a genre deemed suspect because it involved telling lies .
before you write me off as a waffling postmodernist , let me remind you that publishing fiction as truth is an enduring tradition in world literature , dating back to the early days of the novel , a genre [considered] suspect because it involved telling lies .

Since there was no mockery in the Rugrats depiction of the Kaddish -- just one toddler 's curiosity -- one can only conclude the callers deemed the comic strip , as a medium , insufficiently dignified for serious Jewish subjects .
since there was no mockery in the rugrats depiction of the kaddish -- just one toddler 's curiosity -- one can only conclude the callers [considered] the comic strip , as a medium , insufficiently dignified for serious jewish subjects .

The no-privilege decision by Judge Norma Johnson -- actually still under seal and leaked to the papers by lawyers involved in the case ( who thereby continue to flirt with sanction by Judge Johnson ) -- is deemed a `` stunning legal defeat '' for Clinton by the NYT and rated a `` major victory '' for Ken Starr by `` USA Today .
the no-privilege decision by judge norma johnson -- actually still under seal and leaked to the papers by lawyers involved in the case ( who thereby continue to flirt with sanction by judge johnson ) -- is [considered] a `` stunning legal defeat '' for clinton by the nyt and rated a `` major victory '' for ken starr by `` usa today .

Nearly $ 1 trillion in spending is deemed `` mandatory , '' so it 's exempt from the cuts .
nearly $ 1 trillion in spending is [considered] `` mandatory , '' so it 's exempt from the cuts .

He refused , however , to don a Nazi uniform , and struck an attitude that was deemed insufficiently fascist by the monument committee .
he refused , however , to don a nazi uniform , and struck an attitude that was [considered] insufficiently fascist by the monument committee .

The title was first adopted by the Gelugpa leader in the 16 th century , and 100 years later the Mongols deemed the position one of spiritual and temporal power .
the title was first adopted by the gelugpa leader in the 16 th century , and 100 years later the mongols [considered] the position one of spiritual and temporal power .

The Kremlin deemed it `` an eye for an eye `` approach reminiscent of the Cold War .
the kremlin [considered] it `` an eye for an eye `` approach reminiscent of the cold war .

Pundits deemed it a `` courteous '' and `` chummy '' affair , with `` policy agreements … much more conspicuous than disputes . ''
pundits [considered] it a `` courteous '' and `` chummy '' affair , with `` policy agreements … much more conspicuous than disputes . ''

Demonstrated success in making this conversion is now deemed a disadvantage in the quest for the highest-status slot in the world .
demonstrated success in making this conversion is now [considered] a disadvantage in the quest for the highest-status slot in the world .

It is almost too irresistible to wonder : Did Nixon serve up his sympathetic testimony because he knew it would alienate the jury and give Deep Throat what he , Nixon , deemed his just deserts ?
it is almost too irresistible to wonder : did nixon serve up his sympathetic testimony because he knew it would alienate the jury and give deep throat what he , nixon , [considered] his just deserts ?

Today , the edit page finally weighed in on Hillary 's Talk interview , devoting infinitely more space to the `` Intimate Hillary '' than was deemed appropriate by the news section .
today , the edit page finally weighed in on hillary 's talk interview , devoting infinitely more space to the `` intimate hillary '' than was [considered] appropriate by the news section .

Not a word in today 's paper about the Chinese floods , presumably because they deemed a chatty feature on the Italians ' obsession with cell phones to be more relevant to its readers .
not a word in today 's paper about the chinese floods , presumably because they [considered] a chatty feature on the italians ' obsession with cell phones to be more relevant to its readers .

USAT and the LAT ( but not the WP ) actually describe the conflict : Clinton 's grandmother petitioned for custody of the 4-year-old when his mother , Virginia Kelley , decided to wed Roger Clinton , a man his grandmother deemed unsuitable .
usat and the lat ( but not the wp ) actually describe the conflict : clinton 's grandmother petitioned for custody of the 4-year-old when his mother , virginia kelley , decided to wed roger clinton , a man his grandmother [considered] unsuitable .

The Clinton administration deemed the talks a success , saying 1 ) no one expected a breakthrough in the first round ; and 2 ) the unprecedented discussion of substantive issues was a breakthrough .
the clinton administration [considered] the talks a success , saying 1 ) no one expected a breakthrough in the first round ; and 2 ) the unprecedented discussion of substantive issues was a breakthrough .

This latest installment of the `` Penguin Lives '' series is well received , even though it trails Richard Ellman 's definitive 900-page Joyce tome , which was deemed `` probably this century 's best biography of a writer '' ( David Kippen , the San Francisco Chronicle ) .
this latest installment of the `` penguin lives '' series is well received , even though it trails richard ellman 's definitive 900-page joyce tome , which was [considered] `` probably this century 's best biography of a writer '' ( david kippen , the san francisco chronicle ) .

Nominated for the Booker Prize in England , Desai 's novel of a small-town family in India is deemed `` splendid '' ( Gabriella Stern , the Wall Street Journal ) .
nominated for the booker prize in england , desai 's novel of a small-town family in india is [considered] `` splendid '' ( gabriella stern , the wall street journal ) .

Most pundits said personality and leadership -- not policy issues -- were the true points of contention : Gore deemed Bradley `` too intellectually removed '' to deal with real-world problems ; Bradley charged that Gore was not removed enough from the `` Washington bunker '' to generate creative solutions .
most pundits said personality and leadership -- not policy issues -- were the true points of contention : gore [considered] bradley `` too intellectually removed '' to deal with real-world problems ; bradley charged that gore was not removed enough from the `` washington bunker '' to generate creative solutions .

The initial discussions were deemed `` rocky , '' with each side claiming that the other was not following the agenda .
the initial discussions were [considered] `` rocky , '' with each side claiming that the other was not following the agenda .

Gay rights activists deemed it a triumph of `` our common humanity '' that paves the way for similar rights nationally .
gay rights activists [considered] it a triumph of `` our common humanity '' that paves the way for similar rights nationally .

Sheehy 's psychological biography of the first lady is deemed old news by the critics ( `` compartmentalization , the need of children of alcoholics to please and Hillary the enabler , who feels closest to Bill when she 's saving him from impending disaster '' ) that will be of use only as a `` compendium of all the previous reporting on the Clintons ' marriage '' for `` people who have been trapped in a mine for the last few years '' ( Gail Collins , the New York Times Book Review ) .
sheehy 's psychological biography of the first lady is [considered] old news by the critics ( `` compartmentalization , the need of children of alcoholics to please and hillary the enabler , who feels closest to bill when she 's saving him from impending disaster '' ) that will be of use only as a `` compendium of all the previous reporting on the clintons ' marriage '' for `` people who have been trapped in a mine for the last few years '' ( gail collins , the new york times book review ) .

Gay rights activists deemed it a triumph of `` our common humanity '' that paves the way for similar rights nationally .
gay rights activists [considered] it a triumph of `` our common humanity '' that paves the way for similar rights nationally .

The control by the United States and Britain of intercepts and other secret information has always meant that the war crimes card could be played at a moment they deemed would best serve their interests . ''
the control by the united states and britain of intercepts and other secret information has always meant that the war crimes card could be played at a moment they [considered] would best serve their interests . ''

Dickinson 's poetry is simply too weird , and yes , sexual ( talk about images of `` ecstatic release '' ) , to fit comfortably into a category whose hallmarks are deemed to be `` measure , reason , and control . ''
dickinson 's poetry is simply too weird , and yes , sexual ( talk about images of `` ecstatic release '' ) , to fit comfortably into a category whose hallmarks are [considered] to be `` measure , reason , and control . ''

He has deemed that World War I was Britain 's fault and that allowing the Germans a partial victory then would have prevented the Bolshevik Revolution , World War II , and the Holocaust .
he has [considered] that world war i was britain 's fault and that allowing the germans a partial victory then would have prevented the bolshevik revolution , world war ii , and the holocaust .

This film adaptation of the popular computer game is deemed `` so cheesy it could be served on crackers '' ( Renee Graham , the Boston Globe ) .
this film adaptation of the popular computer game is [considered] `` so cheesy it could be served on crackers '' ( renee graham , the boston globe ) .

They deemed Kosovo not an autonomous republic but a province of Serbia .
they [considered] kosovo not an autonomous republic but a province of serbia .

Her absolutist policy style , formerly lauded , is now deemed reactive , inconsistent , and ill-timed .
her absolutist policy style , formerly lauded , is now [considered] reactive , inconsistent , and ill-timed .

Each side did and said whatever it deemed necessary to capture public opinion .
each side did and said whatever it [considered] necessary to capture public opinion .

The album itself is deemed passable musically -- Martin has a `` serviceable '' voice ( Ethan Brown , New York ) and a set of reasonably catchy tunes .
the album itself is [considered] passable musically -- martin has a `` serviceable '' voice ( ethan brown , new york ) and a set of reasonably catchy tunes .

As obvious and as simplistic as he deemed the content , he still managed to miss the point .
as obvious and as simplistic as he [considered] the content , he still managed to miss the point .

Thursday , in what many deemed a slap at -- and arguably an oversimplification of -- the theories of Balkans scholar Robert D. Kaplan and Holocaust scholar Daniel Jonah Goldhagen , Clinton repudiated those who `` justify looking away from this kind of slaughter ... by saying that these people are simply incapable of civilized behavior . ''
thursday , in what many [considered] a slap at -- and arguably an oversimplification of -- the theories of balkans scholar robert d. kaplan and holocaust scholar daniel jonah goldhagen , clinton repudiated those who `` justify looking away from this kind of slaughter ... by saying that these people are simply incapable of civilized behavior . ''

Special circumstances : Thomas ' alleged harassment is deemed especially damning because it occurred while he headed the EEOC and was simultaneously approving regulations for workplace harassment .
special circumstances : thomas ' alleged harassment is [considered] especially damning because it occurred while he headed the eeoc and was simultaneously approving regulations for workplace harassment .

Even Lamberth deemed it `` commendable '' in his ruling last month .
even lamberth [considered] it `` commendable '' in his ruling last month .

Public Enemy was eclipsed by gangsta rap , which glorifies `` Thug Life '' ( as it was deemed by Tupac Shakur ) .
public enemy was eclipsed by gangsta rap , which glorifies `` thug life '' ( as it was [considered] by tupac shakur ) .

The case , Milliken vs. Bradley , was a turning point , for it deemed that voluntary `` white flight '' from urban centers was beyond the power of the courts to remedy .
the case , milliken vs. bradley , was a turning point , for it [considered] that voluntary `` white flight '' from urban centers was beyond the power of the courts to remedy .

None of these clear violations was deemed to be especially scandalous , even by prudes at places like Common Cause .
none of these clear violations was [considered] to be especially scandalous , even by prudes at places like common cause .

Even those conservatives deemed the most extreme on issues of race , like Charles Murray and Dinesh D'Souza , do not favor doing away with affirmative action .
even those conservatives [considered] the most extreme on issues of race , like charles murray and dinesh d'souza , do not favor doing away with affirmative action .

In passing , Carlson describes Norquist 's weekly Wednesday morning meetings , where conservative-movement activists , political strategists , congressional staffers , and conservative journalists who are deemed loyal , from places like the National Review and the Washington Times , gather to hash out what can only be called the party line .
in passing , carlson describes norquist 's weekly wednesday morning meetings , where conservative-movement activists , political strategists , congressional staffers , and conservative journalists who are [considered] loyal , from places like the national review and the washington times , gather to hash out what can only be called the party line .

Jackson , a very close friend of Herman 's , spent much of the 1980s boycotting and threatening boycotts against firms whose minority-hiring practices he deemed inadequate .
jackson , a very close friend of herman 's , spent much of the 1980s boycotting and threatening boycotts against firms whose minority-hiring practices he [considered] inadequate .

Commentators who deemed Gore innocent of parsimony faulted him anyway for permitting the appearance of parsimony .
commentators who [considered] gore innocent of parsimony faulted him anyway for permitting the appearance of parsimony .

Outside the food industry , promotional tie-ins of almost any kind are deemed value-added -- T-shirts , tote bags , contests , 800 numbers , Web sites , and all the other ingredients of the vast commercial agglomeration known as `` marketainment . ''
outside the food industry , promotional tie-ins of almost any kind are [considered] value-added -- t-shirts , tote bags , contests , 800 numbers , web sites , and all the other ingredients of the vast commercial agglomeration known as `` marketainment . ''

It thereby marks another stage in the decline of cultural `` gatekeeping '' -- the control over what is deemed worthy ( as opposed to merely popular ) long exerted by critics , educators , repertory programmers , film historians , and so forth .
it thereby marks another stage in the decline of cultural `` gatekeeping '' -- the control over what is [considered] worthy ( as opposed to merely popular ) long exerted by critics , educators , repertory programmers , film historians , and so forth .

The probability of that happening was deemed to be exceedingly low .
the probability of that happening was [considered] to be exceedingly low .

Three of its models were deemed `` not acceptable '' by the magazine , thanks to a design flaw -- since fixed -- that could have short-circuited the device .
three of its models were [considered] `` not acceptable '' by the magazine , thanks to a design flaw -- since fixed -- that could have short-circuited the device .

Filters can protect kids from accidentally ( or intentionally ) visiting a Web site that includes material deemed inappropriate by their parents , but they are limited to what we might term the `` pull '' side .
filters can protect kids from accidentally ( or intentionally ) visiting a web site that includes material [considered] inappropriate by their parents , but they are limited to what we might term the `` pull '' side .

Even though the company facilitates actual commerce , it approaches regulation lightly , relying on its users to report on behavior deemed less than `` eBaysian '' .
even though the company facilitates actual commerce , it approaches regulation lightly , relying on its users to report on behavior [considered] less than `` ebaysian '' .

Previously , Broaddrick both denied the allegations and kept them from the public , and Kenneth Starr and FBI investigators deemed her story too shaky to pursue .
previously , broaddrick both denied the allegations and kept them from the public , and kenneth starr and fbi investigators [considered] her story too shaky to pursue .

The poorly written rules give interest-free loans on late taxes to any and all residents of areas deemed disaster areas , instead of those actually impacted by the event .
the poorly written rules give interest-free loans on late taxes to any and all residents of areas [considered] disaster areas , instead of those actually impacted by the event .

Here are just 55 out of the 214 things deemed `` unfashionable '' in the American , British , and Australian press between March 21 and today :
here are just 55 out of the 214 things [considered] `` unfashionable '' in the american , british , and australian press between march 21 and today :

They were given a list of 440 titles , and put checks next to books they deemed worthy .
they were given a list of 440 titles , and put checks next to books they [considered] worthy .

Which names are deemed worthy of inclusion ?
which names are [considered] worthy of inclusion ?

Xerox persists because unregulated use by others may cause a trademark to be deemed abandoned .
xerox persists because unregulated use by others may cause a trademark to be [considered] abandoned .

That is , the doctor is not supposed to express his loathing or disgust at the manifestations of some horrible affliction , nor is it deemed proper for him to assume an accusatory posture reflected in expressions like , What a fool you are for having exposed yourself to the Malay waste-away !
that is , the doctor is not supposed to express his loathing or disgust at the manifestations of some horrible affliction , nor is it [considered] proper for him to assume an accusatory posture reflected in expressions like , what a fool you are for having exposed yourself to the malay waste-away !

His laws of robotics , which govern the relations of robots with humans , were deemed by the OED Supp .
his laws of robotics , which govern the relations of robots with humans , were [considered] by the oed supp .

These details are not likely to affect the usefulness of the book , however , and it contains curious items like the pronunciation of Roh Tae Woo , S. Korean leader : /no\ ? \ te\ ? \ wu\ ? \/ following which it was deemed wise to put a “ sic. ” It seems that in the southeastern US words beginning with shr- are pronounced as if spelled sr- , something I never knew .
these details are not likely to affect the usefulness of the book , however , and it contains curious items like the pronunciation of roh tae woo , s. korean leader : /no\ ? \ te\ ? \ wu\ ? \/ following which it was [considered] wise to put a “ sic. ” it seems that in the southeastern us words beginning with shr- are pronounced as if spelled sr- , something i never knew .

Of the following , one or two may be deemed as good as those already put forward .
of the following , one or two may be [considered] as good as those already put forward .

A ` U.S.A. ' label was evidently deemed unnecessary for D.A.R .
a ` u.s.a. ' label was evidently [considered] unnecessary for d.a.r .

If this drivel carries through to its logical conclusion we will have to stop writing and speaking altogether , for there will not be a single noun or adjective that will not be deemed offensive to some group , and if we cut speech down to simple verb forms we will end up sounding like a nation of boot-camp drill instructors : “ Come ! ” “ Sit ! ” “ Add ! ” “ Pay ! ” “ Write ! ” Nor will there be any grunts in this boot camp , because the Sir or Ma'am in Yes , Sir/ Ma'am will be deemed exclusive and taboo ; someone will probably take offense at Yes or No , for that matter .
if this drivel carries through to its logical conclusion we will have to stop writing and speaking altogether , for there will not be a single noun or adjective that will not be [considered] offensive to some group , and if we cut speech down to simple verb forms we will end up sounding like a nation of boot-camp drill instructors : “ come ! ” “ sit ! ” “ add ! ” “ pay ! ” “ write ! ” nor will there be any grunts in this boot camp , because the sir or ma'am in yes , sir/ ma'am will be [considered] exclusive and taboo ; someone will probably take offense at yes or no , for that matter .

It is an odd fact that almost everywhere on the planet products are deemed more appealing and sentiments more powerful if they are expressed in English , even if they make next to no sense .
it is an odd fact that almost everywhere on the planet products are [considered] more appealing and sentiments more powerful if they are expressed in english , even if they make next to no sense .

Moreover , if it is deemed advisable to have the names in alphabetical order to make it easy to find a given street , it would be a simple matter to put Karachi Street between Istanbul and Lisbon Streets , Bach Boulevard between Jerusalem and Copland Boulevards followed by Debussy .
moreover , if it is [considered] advisable to have the names in alphabetical order to make it easy to find a given street , it would be a simple matter to put karachi street between istanbul and lisbon streets , bach boulevard between jerusalem and copland boulevards followed by debussy .

More likely , he would remove occasional words deemed to be redundant .
more likely , he would remove occasional words [considered] to be redundant .

