The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are `` deficiencies '' in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible .
the vice president of the city council complained yesterday that there are `` [shortages] '' in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible .

Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever .
interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological [shortages] are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever .

It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies .
it is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such [shortages] .

His objective was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends .
his objective was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its [shortages] in achieving these ends .

That such deficiencies existed within Ptolemy's theory was not discovered de novo by Copernicus .
that such [shortages] existed within ptolemy's theory was not discovered de novo by copernicus .

The latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies .
the latter looked backward upon inherited [shortages] .

Even D. A. Wasson , who compared The Emancipation Of Massachusetts to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes , was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author .
even d. a. wasson , who compared the emancipation of massachusetts to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes , was also forced to admit the methodological [shortages] of the author .

The feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious Father-God , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies .
the feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual [shortages] or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious father-god , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies .

In recent years , this burden ( which includes allowances for revenue deficiencies in the passenger business and in less-than-carload freight traffic ! !
in recent years , this burden ( which includes allowances for revenue [shortages] in the passenger business and in less-than-carload freight traffic ! !

In contrast to this Stoic-patristic view , Utopia implies that the nature of man is such that to rely on individual conscience to supply the deficiencies of municipal law is to embark on the bottomless sea of human sinfulness in a sieve .
in contrast to this stoic-patristic view , utopia implies that the nature of man is such that to rely on individual conscience to supply the [shortages] of municipal law is to embark on the bottomless sea of human sinfulness in a sieve .

hormone deficiencies —
hormone [shortages] —

Most broad spectrum supplements have been formulated based on average pasture and cereal values and their most likely deficiencies .
most broad spectrum supplements have been formulated based on average pasture and cereal values and their most likely [shortages] .

Each change induces subtle adjustments and the heavier bat has brought about the introduction of the early pick-up with some resultant technical deficiencies .
each change induces subtle adjustments and the heavier bat has brought about the introduction of the early pick-up with some resultant technical [shortages] .

It 's clear that the many non-party political groups which sprang up in the wake of the election , bodies such as Common Cause and Scotland United , are now prepared to work together in a coalition to stage further events highlighting the deficiencies of the current constitutional arrangements .
it 's clear that the many non-party political groups which sprang up in the wake of the election , bodies such as common cause and scotland united , are now prepared to work together in a coalition to stage further events highlighting the [shortages] of the current constitutional arrangements .

His magnificent second innings 133 , plus a top score the first time around , has served to magnify the glaring deficiencies in the batting line-up .
his magnificent second innings 133 , plus a top score the first time around , has served to magnify the glaring [shortages] in the batting line-up .

Respondents are always reluctant to admit such deficiencies ; questions must be phrased so that they seem quite acceptable , e.g. ‘ Which brand of washing powder did you buy last ? ’ might become ‘ Can you remember which brand … ? ’ For lists , the ‘ do n't know ’ category must always be made available .
respondents are always reluctant to admit such [shortages] ; questions must be phrased so that they seem quite acceptable , e.g. ‘ which brand of washing powder did you buy last ? ’ might become ‘ can you remember which brand … ? ’ for lists , the ‘ do n't know ’ category must always be made available .

An internal government report recently pointed out a number of deficiencies in the existing safety procedures .
an internal government report recently pointed out a number of [shortages] in the existing safety procedures .

The report by Education Department inspectors , based on a routine inspection carried out in May last year , criticised the school , highlighting ‘ major deficiencies requiring urgent attention ’ .
the report by education department inspectors , based on a routine inspection carried out in may last year , criticised the school , highlighting ‘ major [shortages] requiring urgent attention ’ .

Industrial sites are so massive , having grown over many years without appropriate control , so that there are bound to be deficiencies and we aim to have them put right as soon as practicable .
industrial sites are so massive , having grown over many years without appropriate control , so that there are bound to be [shortages] and we aim to have them put right as soon as practicable .

The fading colours and yellowish transparent appearance are clear indications of iron chlorosis caused by deficiencies in iron and trace elements .
the fading colours and yellowish transparent appearance are clear indications of iron chlorosis caused by [shortages] in iron and trace elements .

In those circumstances , vitamin and mineral deficiencies do not crop up in a couple of weeks .
in those circumstances , vitamin and mineral [shortages] do not crop up in a couple of weeks .

Knowledge of vitamin and hormone deficiencies and their replacement brought new hope to sufferers from diabetes , pernicious anaemia and a host of other disorders .
knowledge of vitamin and hormone [shortages] and their replacement brought new hope to sufferers from diabetes , pernicious anaemia and a host of other disorders .

Second , blocks may be caused by a deficiency of enzyme co-factors — that is , various vitamin or trace element deficiencies .
second , blocks may be caused by a deficiency of enzyme co-factors — that is , various vitamin or trace element [shortages] .

Attention to diet should therefore be a first consideration in any treatment plan to clear out toxic accumulations and correct any vitamin , mineral , trace element or fibre deficiencies .
attention to diet should therefore be a first consideration in any treatment plan to clear out toxic accumulations and correct any vitamin , mineral , trace element or fibre [shortages] .

The deficiencies were fairly obvious .
the [shortages] were fairly obvious .

The first four are the direct result of deficiencies of faith in coming to believe and the last three the result of deficiencies of faith in continuing to believe .
the first four are the direct result of [shortages] of faith in coming to believe and the last three the result of [shortages] of faith in continuing to believe .

But now Meg hardly noticed its deficiencies .
but now meg hardly noticed its [shortages] .

Measurements can then be taken to establish exactly where pace is generated , where there are deficiencies in the action , and where excessive stress could result in injury .
measurements can then be taken to establish exactly where pace is generated , where there are [shortages] in the action , and where excessive stress could result in injury .

What is being proposed here , in effect , is a deficit model of teaching where poor quality results from deficiencies in personality , gaps in learning , or weak matching of competences to tasks .
what is being proposed here , in effect , is a deficit model of teaching where poor quality results from [shortages] in personality , gaps in learning , or weak matching of competences to tasks .

Official explanations of deficiencies in teaching quality have tended to equate such deficiencies with tendencies to adopt transmission patterns of teaching .
official explanations of [shortages] in teaching quality have tended to equate such [shortages] with tendencies to adopt transmission patterns of teaching .

Weaknesses in the casting methods can leave minute cracks or other deficiencies which cause them to explode when fired .
weaknesses in the casting methods can leave minute cracks or other [shortages] which cause them to explode when fired .

Deficiencies in company organisation were persistent .
[shortages] in company organisation were persistent .

Perhaps the greatest deficiencies in the relationship between education and industry occurred in the training and recruitment of middle management .
perhaps the greatest [shortages] in the relationship between education and industry occurred in the training and recruitment of middle management .

Why we are funding both university places and bridging programmes to help students to overcome the deficiencies of ‘ apartheid education ’ .
why we are funding both university places and bridging programmes to help students to overcome the [shortages] of ‘ apartheid education ’ .

Set against these deficiencies is the fact that psychiatry — if only by dint of the accumulated experience that comes from having to observe the more unusual among us — has developed a ‘ language of symptoms ’ that can prove useful in throwing the features of that deviance into high relief .
set against these [shortages] is the fact that psychiatry — if only by dint of the accumulated experience that comes from having to observe the more unusual among us — has developed a ‘ language of symptoms ’ that can prove useful in throwing the features of that deviance into high relief .

Other work in progress includes the identification of likely sources of excesses ( or deficiencies ) of trace elements in potable water supplies that might have health implications , and in addition the identification of suitable pathfinder elements for hydrogeochemical exploration and groundwater tracing .
other work in progress includes the identification of likely sources of excesses ( or [shortages] ) of trace elements in potable water supplies that might have health implications , and in addition the identification of suitable pathfinder elements for hydrogeochemical exploration and groundwater tracing .

Both can satisfactorily detect situations in which inappropriate suffering is occurring because of external deficiencies in food , warmth , income , housing and health .
both can satisfactorily detect situations in which inappropriate suffering is occurring because of external [shortages] in food , warmth , income , housing and health .

Chronic under-resourcing of the Home Office 's Asylum Division , and the long-ignored deficiencies of the existing procedures , have resulted in a backlog of more than 60,000 cases .
chronic under-resourcing of the home office 's asylum division , and the long-ignored [shortages] of the existing procedures , have resulted in a backlog of more than 60,000 cases .

The final set of arguments emphasises the limited leadership qualities and organisational deficiencies that have been a historic feature of the extreme right in Great Britain .
the final set of arguments emphasises the limited leadership qualities and organisational [shortages] that have been a historic feature of the extreme right in great britain .

She need not have worried , however , for her good nature and naturally hospitable manner covered up any small deficiencies in deportment .
she need not have worried , however , for her good nature and naturally hospitable manner covered up any small [shortages] in deportment .

Finally , by focusing upon the deficiencies of the young unemployed — their lack of training , their lack of qualifications , their lack of job search skills — it appeared that they had caused themselves to be unemployed .
finally , by focusing upon the [shortages] of the young unemployed — their lack of training , their lack of qualifications , their lack of job search skills — it appeared that they had caused themselves to be unemployed .

The guardians had received a string of complaints from the nurses about their accommodation , insufficient lavatories , and deficiencies in their uniforms .
the guardians had received a string of complaints from the nurses about their accommodation , insufficient lavatories , and [shortages] in their uniforms .

Mainstream psychology 's frequent interpretations of gender differences as female deficiencies are sometimes reproduced in feminist psychology .
mainstream psychology 's frequent interpretations of gender differences as female [shortages] are sometimes reproduced in feminist psychology .

Lacanian-influenced feminism is hardly an ideal response to the deficiencies in feminist psychology .
lacanian-influenced feminism is hardly an ideal response to the [shortages] in feminist psychology .

Several deficiencies , particularly of trace elements , which frequently cause characteristic blemishes and structural damage to leaves and stems , can often be remedied quite quickly by spraying a solution of the appropriate element directly on to the foliage .
several [shortages] , particularly of trace elements , which frequently cause characteristic blemishes and structural damage to leaves and stems , can often be remedied quite quickly by spraying a solution of the appropriate element directly on to the foliage .

It has been known for a long time , and has led to the more modern practice called ‘ foliar feeding ’ , in which the purpose is not so much to correct deficiencies , but to encourage a boost in performance , yield and so on by spraying major element solutions on to the leaves in the same way .
it has been known for a long time , and has led to the more modern practice called ‘ foliar feeding ’ , in which the purpose is not so much to correct [shortages] , but to encourage a boost in performance , yield and so on by spraying major element solutions on to the leaves in the same way .

Finally , a few words about some physiological problems which result from nutrient deficiencies and weather conditions .
finally , a few words about some physiological problems which result from nutrient [shortages] and weather conditions .

You ought never to see nutrient deficiencies because they are a sign of incorrect feeding .
you ought never to see nutrient [shortages] because they are a sign of incorrect feeding .

When they are experienced , the three trace element deficiencies you are most likely to meet concern iron , manganese and magnesium .
when they are experienced , the three trace element [shortages] you are most likely to meet concern iron , manganese and magnesium .

Moreover , from the Soviet point of view , there are known deficiencies and dangers .
moreover , from the soviet point of view , there are known [shortages] and dangers .

But although it is an easy target , its deficiencies are exhibited quite generally , if less glaringly , throughout the theory .
but although it is an easy target , its [shortages] are exhibited quite generally , if less glaringly , throughout the theory .

As will be seen later , data-base technology in its present form has some deficiencies in modelling complex objects and events , the solution of which will be given greater impetus by involvement in new challenging areas .
as will be seen later , data-base technology in its present form has some [shortages] in modelling complex objects and events , the solution of which will be given greater impetus by involvement in new challenging areas .

Against Rangers in the European Cup , Leeds ' deficiencies and lack of subtlety in attack were fully exposed , and Cantona 's £1.2 million departure to Manchester United will increase the load even more on Lee Chapman , 33 next month .
against rangers in the european cup , leeds ' [shortages] and lack of subtlety in attack were fully exposed , and cantona 's £1.2 million departure to manchester united will increase the load even more on lee chapman , 33 next month .

This was because , despite its deficiencies in terms of theory , it seemed to be borne out so well by observation .
this was because , despite its [shortages] in terms of theory , it seemed to be borne out so well by observation .

Pensions : information and deficiencies
pensions : information and [shortages]

Although Cohn , Kidder and Mendelsohn all used some historical sources , their explanations of the deficiencies of South Asian courts were mainly inspired by fieldwork .
although cohn , kidder and mendelsohn all used some historical sources , their explanations of the [shortages] of south asian courts were mainly inspired by fieldwork .

For the large user , then , private networks , often involving satellite links , can offer a way round any deficiencies of the local telephone system .
for the large user , then , private networks , often involving satellite links , can offer a way round any [shortages] of the local telephone system .

If all else fails and the European Court finds that a state beneficiary of grants has failed to correct its administrative deficiencies , the report concludes , the relevant grants should be withdrawn .
if all else fails and the european court finds that a state beneficiary of grants has failed to correct its administrative [shortages] , the report concludes , the relevant grants should be withdrawn .

Of course , some companies have noticed these deficiencies and introduced high carbohydrate bars which offer a far healthier balance of carbohydrate to fat .
of course , some companies have noticed these [shortages] and introduced high carbohydrate bars which offer a far healthier balance of carbohydrate to fat .

He made no attempt to play down Russia 's problems , including ‘ decades of under-investment and wrongly directed investment … industrial dinosaurs that can not easily be slimmed down and taught tricks … huge deficiencies in basic infrastructure , and … some horrendous environmental problems .
he made no attempt to play down russia 's problems , including ‘ decades of under-investment and wrongly directed investment … industrial dinosaurs that can not easily be slimmed down and taught tricks … huge [shortages] in basic infrastructure , and … some horrendous environmental problems .

With hindsight , he says , he can see the deficiencies in County 's and NatWest 's structure that might have contributed to the Blue Arrow affair .
with hindsight , he says , he can see the [shortages] in county 's and natwest 's structure that might have contributed to the blue arrow affair .

Mutations in several Pax genes lead to severe developmental abnormalities : ( 1 ) a mutation in the paired box of murine Pax-1 leads to the undulated phenotype which exhibits distortions of the vertebral column ; ( 2 ) a mutation in the Pax-6 gene leads to the semidominant Small eye phenotype in mouse and a mutation in the putative human homologue of this gene may be responsible for the aniridia disorder ; ( 3 ) mutations in the putative human homologue to Pax-3 ( HuP2 ) occasionally lead to hearing loss associated with Waardenburg 's syndrome , whereas in mouse a deletion in Pax-3 causes the splotch phenotype which is associated with spina bifida , exencephaly , a tail flexion defect and deficiencies in neural crest cell derivatives .
mutations in several pax genes lead to severe developmental abnormalities : ( 1 ) a mutation in the paired box of murine pax-1 leads to the undulated phenotype which exhibits distortions of the vertebral column ; ( 2 ) a mutation in the pax-6 gene leads to the semidominant small eye phenotype in mouse and a mutation in the putative human homologue of this gene may be responsible for the aniridia disorder ; ( 3 ) mutations in the putative human homologue to pax-3 ( hup2 ) occasionally lead to hearing loss associated with waardenburg 's syndrome , whereas in mouse a deletion in pax-3 causes the splotch phenotype which is associated with spina bifida , exencephaly , a tail flexion defect and [shortages] in neural crest cell derivatives .

The curriculum is not seen in terms of constant amelioration of handicapping conditions , but rather in terms of making up for deficiencies which are constantly imputed to the child .
the curriculum is not seen in terms of constant amelioration of handicapping conditions , but rather in terms of making up for [shortages] which are constantly imputed to the child .

Unforeseen problems are around every corner ; subsoil inadequacy , drainage deficiencies , utility inaccessibility , requirements of the building inspector , the fire-officer , the highways department , the licensing officer .
unforeseen problems are around every corner ; subsoil inadequacy , drainage [shortages] , utility inaccessibility , requirements of the building inspector , the fire-officer , the highways department , the licensing officer .

Thus , for example , the National Council of Social Service submitted a wide-ranging document summarizing the principal issues : the deficiencies in existing pensions coverage ( such as the continued operation of means-testing through the 1940 supplementary pensions scheme ) , the urgent need for better medical assistance for pensioners outside the Public Assistance Committee services , the lack of institutional provision , and so on .
thus , for example , the national council of social service submitted a wide-ranging document summarizing the principal issues : the [shortages] in existing pensions coverage ( such as the continued operation of means-testing through the 1940 supplementary pensions scheme ) , the urgent need for better medical assistance for pensioners outside the public assistance committee services , the lack of institutional provision , and so on .

‘ Their forward technique is not up to scratch either in maul or scrum , but hose deficiencies wo n't take long to correct .
‘ their forward technique is not up to scratch either in maul or scrum , but hose [shortages] wo n't take long to correct .

Deficiencies , so far as British subjects were concerned , in the anti-slave trade laws were able to be documented through a network of correspondents in Liverpool ( particularly William Roscoe ) , Bristol and London and abroad .
[shortages] , so far as british subjects were concerned , in the anti-slave trade laws were able to be documented through a network of correspondents in liverpool ( particularly william roscoe ) , bristol and london and abroad .

Cold climates are said to affect blacks adversely because of their body fat deficiencies , weak ankles would account for the lack of black hockey players , etc .
cold climates are said to affect blacks adversely because of their body fat [shortages] , weak ankles would account for the lack of black hockey players , etc .

’ During this meeting Ceauşescu noted ‘ some shortcomings in the organization of the mines , some abuses in the application of laws , and some deficiencies in the leadership of the mines ’ .
’ during this meeting ceauşescu noted ‘ some shortcomings in the organization of the mines , some abuses in the application of laws , and some [shortages] in the leadership of the mines ’ .

Once you have collected the data from those who have joined the church and about those who have left , then decide what action you will need to take to correct any deficiencies in attracting and holding people .
once you have collected the data from those who have joined the church and about those who have left , then decide what action you will need to take to correct any [shortages] in attracting and holding people .

It has deflected attention from our own deficiencies and the mess of the pound .
it has deflected attention from our own [shortages] and the mess of the pound .

Now , however , a comparison … has made clear that what the older version mainly suffers from are considerable deficiencies in ‘ discourse structure ’ , i.e .
now , however , a comparison … has made clear that what the older version mainly suffers from are considerable [shortages] in ‘ discourse structure ’ , i.e .

Nonetheless , reviews of the whole gamut of recreational traffic models in rural areas , including trip generation models , distribution models , direct demand modelling , traffic assignment models , system simulation ( Miles and Smith , 1977 ) , and gravity models ( Baxter and Ewing , 1981 ) have pointed out the following deficiencies which still need to be remedied by further research on :
nonetheless , reviews of the whole gamut of recreational traffic models in rural areas , including trip generation models , distribution models , direct demand modelling , traffic assignment models , system simulation ( miles and smith , 1977 ) , and gravity models ( baxter and ewing , 1981 ) have pointed out the following [shortages] which still need to be remedied by further research on :

During this stage , the government may accept amendments or amend its own bill if deficiencies in drafting come to light .
during this stage , the government may accept amendments or amend its own bill if [shortages] in drafting come to light .

Data deficiencies pose least problems at the broad regional scale because the various sources provide relatively firm ground for examining the latest developments in the balance between North and South .
data [shortages] pose least problems at the broad regional scale because the various sources provide relatively firm ground for examining the latest developments in the balance between north and south .

’ Such deficiencies in the number and quality of rural houses were particularly serious when viewed in the context of the inter-war legislation .
’ such [shortages] in the number and quality of rural houses were particularly serious when viewed in the context of the inter-war legislation .

, 1986 ) seem to contain all the deficiencies of earlier work which employed the concept .
, 1986 ) seem to contain all the [shortages] of earlier work which employed the concept .

For all its deficiencies and inadequacies , this system in principle recognised that the needs of disabled people are often different from those of the ‘ normal ’ claimant .
for all its [shortages] and inadequacies , this system in principle recognised that the needs of disabled people are often different from those of the ‘ normal ’ claimant .

Just as these explanations had concentrated on the inadequacy of working-class culture and had put forward the notion of compensatory education , so the tendency of feminists was to explain girls ' failure in terms of the deficiencies of their socialization .
just as these explanations had concentrated on the inadequacy of working-class culture and had put forward the notion of compensatory education , so the tendency of feminists was to explain girls ' failure in terms of the [shortages] of their socialization .

Losses , including losses and deficiencies of capital shall be paid first out of the profits , next out of capital and lastly , if necessary , by the partners individually in the proportion in which they were entitled to share profits .
losses , including losses and [shortages] of capital shall be paid first out of the profits , next out of capital and lastly , if necessary , by the partners individually in the proportion in which they were entitled to share profits .

The role of the auditor should be to support management by assisting in pointing out deficiencies and advising on possible courses of action .
the role of the auditor should be to support management by assisting in pointing out [shortages] and advising on possible courses of action .

Although it is not possible to rehearse here the many deficiencies of the antiracist brand of class reductionism , some of the difficulties are signalled by my description of instrumentalism and the patronizing ‘ cultural dope ’ stereotype of the white working-class racist .
although it is not possible to rehearse here the many [shortages] of the antiracist brand of class reductionism , some of the difficulties are signalled by my description of instrumentalism and the patronizing ‘ cultural dope ’ stereotype of the white working-class racist .

We do not , however , know whether this reflects voluntary behaviour , whether it is a result of deficiencies of the individuals concerned , or of the situation in the local/occupational labour market in which they are located .
we do not , however , know whether this reflects voluntary behaviour , whether it is a result of [shortages] of the individuals concerned , or of the situation in the local/occupational labour market in which they are located .

Deficiencies are there but you can counteract them to your personal advantage .
[shortages] are there but you can counteract them to your personal advantage .

Oil is dominated by deficiencies in the world-supply situation .
oil is dominated by [shortages] in the world-supply situation .

The latter authors argued that these early studies were marred by methodological deficiencies .
the latter authors argued that these early studies were marred by methodological [shortages] .

Nutritional deficiencies
nutritional [shortages]

If you can accept this concept , you will then be able to understand in principle why some people are predisposed to some illnesses or tend to be sensitive to certain types of dietary changes , groups of food , or nutritional deficiencies .
if you can accept this concept , you will then be able to understand in principle why some people are predisposed to some illnesses or tend to be sensitive to certain types of dietary changes , groups of food , or nutritional [shortages] .

Next we are going to look at nutritional deficiencies .
next we are going to look at nutritional [shortages] .

After the question of nutritional deficiencies , few subjects are more topical than food allergy and intolerance .
after the question of nutritional [shortages] , few subjects are more topical than food allergy and intolerance .

Some diets will need a supplement to make sure that deficiencies do not develop .
some diets will need a supplement to make sure that [shortages] do not develop .

Make a list of deficiencies that could be remedied by you .
make a list of [shortages] that could be remedied by you .

What do you feel are the most important deficiencies of these notes and how might you remedy them ?
what do you feel are the most important [shortages] of these notes and how might you remedy them ?

You probably have deficiencies in minerals and trace elements as well as carbon dioxide .
you probably have [shortages] in minerals and trace elements as well as carbon dioxide .

70% of pre-school children are underweight for age and death from avitaminosis and other nutritional deficiencies ranks number 9
70% of pre-school children are underweight for age and death from avitaminosis and other nutritional [shortages] ranks number 9

To some extent , the deficiencies in private and public transport can be offset by the use of a phone .
to some extent , the [shortages] in private and public transport can be offset by the use of a phone .

Certainly , Nicholas 's personal deficiencies were in part responsible for the speed with which the regime 's authority was undermined .
certainly , nicholas 's personal [shortages] were in part responsible for the speed with which the regime 's authority was undermined .

The government 's concern throughout the late 1940s was to stimulate building to make up the deficiencies in housing stock arising from bomb damage and the wartime standstill in house building .
the government 's concern throughout the late 1940s was to stimulate building to make up the [shortages] in housing stock arising from bomb damage and the wartime standstill in house building .

Despite the deficiencies in the present system we believe that child resistant closures should be used now for all medicines whether dispensed or bought over the counter .
despite the [shortages] in the present system we believe that child resistant closures should be used now for all medicines whether dispensed or bought over the counter .

Our analysis showed serious deficiencies in the case for screening for abdominal aortic aneurysm as it currently stands .
our analysis showed serious [shortages] in the case for screening for abdominal aortic aneurysm as it currently stands .

According to their localization , these deletions or duplications frequently provoke major respiratory chain function defects , with consequent cellular energy supply deficiencies .
according to their localization , these deletions or duplications frequently provoke major respiratory chain function defects , with consequent cellular energy supply [shortages] .

Resulting deficiencies in the treatment of acutely ill patients can place intolerable burdens on their families and increase interpersonal friction , which may culminate in patients leaving home abruptly and being unable or unwilling to find alternative forms of shelter .
resulting [shortages] in the treatment of acutely ill patients can place intolerable burdens on their families and increase interpersonal friction , which may culminate in patients leaving home abruptly and being unable or unwilling to find alternative forms of shelter .

These deficiencies in data are potentially remediable with improved data collection and aggregation ( including record linkage ) .
these [shortages] in data are potentially remediable with improved data collection and aggregation ( including record linkage ) .

The fundamental deficiencies in promoting care are poor quality of information , inadequate record systems , bad communication , and lack of coordination between health care agencies .
the fundamental [shortages] in promoting care are poor quality of information , inadequate record systems , bad communication , and lack of coordination between health care agencies .

The Hippocratic oath does not permit professionals to find a peg in class , cast , colour , and creed to hang our deficiencies .
the hippocratic oath does not permit professionals to find a peg in class , cast , colour , and creed to hang our [shortages] .

The document recognises that informal patronage could be seen as a response to widespread deficiencies in medical education , postgraduate training , appraisal , careers guidance , and appointments procedures .
the document recognises that informal patronage could be seen as a response to widespread [shortages] in medical education , postgraduate training , appraisal , careers guidance , and appointments procedures .

This will not , however , address the deficiencies of local storage facilities on those occasions , such as immunisation of children at school , when vaccines need to be transported to other sites .
this will not , however , address the [shortages] of local storage facilities on those occasions , such as immunisation of children at school , when vaccines need to be transported to other sites .

Foster 's review is particularly good on the deficiencies of theorizations which fail to provide us with :
foster 's review is particularly good on the [shortages] of theorizations which fail to provide us with :

The Court of Appeal has very wide powers to remedy deficiencies in the decision under appeal and the grounds of appeal are not restricted in any way .
the court of appeal has very wide powers to remedy [shortages] in the decision under appeal and the grounds of appeal are not restricted in any way .

But there remains a key distinction between complaints of negligence and of other deficiencies which determines whether The Law Society will investigate complaints .
but there remains a key distinction between complaints of negligence and of other [shortages] which determines whether the law society will investigate complaints .

The board considered that although the investigation ordered by the Chief Executive on 18 October 1990 is not yet complete the imposition of the restrictions referred to above is necessary in the interests of investors given the evidence before it highlighting serious deficiencies in Norwich Union 's internal systems for monitoring the performance of the Winchester Group and in particular ensuring that the Winchester Group complied with the Code of Conduct .
the board considered that although the investigation ordered by the chief executive on 18 october 1990 is not yet complete the imposition of the restrictions referred to above is necessary in the interests of investors given the evidence before it highlighting serious [shortages] in norwich union 's internal systems for monitoring the performance of the winchester group and in particular ensuring that the winchester group complied with the code of conduct .

Being clear-headed and aware of his or her own feelings , needs and resources , skills and deficiencies .
being clear-headed and aware of his or her own feelings , needs and resources , skills and [shortages] .

Technical assessments by medical , nursing , counselling , psychological and clergy members of staff giving a composite picture of the sufferer 's clinical history and of his or her assets and deficiencies .
technical assessments by medical , nursing , counselling , psychological and clergy members of staff giving a composite picture of the sufferer 's clinical history and of his or her assets and [shortages] .

Freeborn was looking down at his big toes with mild distaste as if they were errant members whose deficiencies had only now become apparent to him .
freeborn was looking down at his big toes with mild distaste as if they were errant members whose [shortages] had only now become apparent to him .

Irradiation of the embryo or foetus may cause defects of a wide range of severity , including death while still in the uterus ( based on animal experiments ) , impairment of growth , structural changes ( or malformations ) and functional deficiencies .
irradiation of the embryo or foetus may cause defects of a wide range of severity , including death while still in the uterus ( based on animal experiments ) , impairment of growth , structural changes ( or malformations ) and functional [shortages] .

Chandler observes that the steward will on occasions consult with his employer on how best he should manage his estate and may often wish to suggest new policies or point out deficiencies in existing strategies .
chandler observes that the steward will on occasions consult with his employer on how best he should manage his estate and may often wish to suggest new policies or point out [shortages] in existing strategies .

As , moreover , deficiencies have appeared in the capital control mechanisms , so refinements have been introduced .
as , moreover , [shortages] have appeared in the capital control mechanisms , so refinements have been introduced .

It is always possible to blame deficiencies on central government .
it is always possible to blame [shortages] on central government .

The economy of the Khanate was not subject to shortages or even temporary deficiencies , for its operation was controlled by the law .
the economy of the khanate was not subject to shortages or even temporary [shortages] , for its operation was controlled by the law .

Bradshaw and Morgan demonstrate that children whose parents are in receipt of supplementary benefit suffer from deficiencies of iron and calcium and are below a basic clothing standard .
bradshaw and morgan demonstrate that children whose parents are in receipt of supplementary benefit suffer from [shortages] of iron and calcium and are below a basic clothing standard .

Poole is worried by the ‘ Englishness of English art — it 's so middle-class ’ , and tries to paint ‘ deficiencies in character ’ , if they are there , confessing to have portrayed at least one arrogant captain of industry in his true light .
poole is worried by the ‘ englishness of english art — it 's so middle-class ’ , and tries to paint ‘ [shortages] in character ’ , if they are there , confessing to have portrayed at least one arrogant captain of industry in his true light .

In the next five years ( 1928–32 ) the crude death-rate of the transferred population increased from 18.75 to 26.71 per 1,000 , and by way of explanation M'Gonigle and Kirby observe : ‘ It is difficult to come to any other conclusion than that the increased mortality was associated with the dietary deficiencies ’ ( M'Gonigle and Kirby , 1936 , p. 129 ) .
in the next five years ( 1928–32 ) the crude death-rate of the transferred population increased from 18.75 to 26.71 per 1,000 , and by way of explanation m'gonigle and kirby observe : ‘ it is difficult to come to any other conclusion than that the increased mortality was associated with the dietary [shortages] ’ ( m'gonigle and kirby , 1936 , p. 129 ) .

However , in the 1960s there was a major revision of the provisions for plan making in order to meet alleged deficiencies of the 1947 system which had emerged : slowness , alienation of the public , a focus on land use detail rather than broad strategy , and an increasing difficulty in using two-dimensional land use maps to represent three-dimensional , multi-use development proposals .
however , in the 1960s there was a major revision of the provisions for plan making in order to meet alleged [shortages] of the 1947 system which had emerged : slowness , alienation of the public , a focus on land use detail rather than broad strategy , and an increasing difficulty in using two-dimensional land use maps to represent three-dimensional , multi-use development proposals .

With the launch of Illustrator 88 certain ‘ deficiencies ’ are now apparent in FreeHand — strange how the balance changes !
with the launch of illustrator 88 certain ‘ [shortages] ’ are now apparent in freehand — strange how the balance changes !

The proceeds of our Oil Reserves are presently being used to cover short term deficiencies and there are really no increased national resources in spite of several years of additional oil revenue .
the proceeds of our oil reserves are presently being used to cover short term [shortages] and there are really no increased national resources in spite of several years of additional oil revenue .

Conscious of the deficiencies of her own education , she attended evening classes in French , German , and geography at Queen 's College , introduced to these by the Revd David Laing , the honorary secretary of the Governesses ' Benevolent Institution and a major influence on her .
conscious of the [shortages] of her own education , she attended evening classes in french , german , and geography at queen 's college , introduced to these by the revd david laing , the honorary secretary of the governesses ' benevolent institution and a major influence on her .

The philosophy underpinning such schemes is simplistic and patronising , concentrating on women 's deficiencies rather than their strengths , their inadequacies rather than their capacities , their limitations rather than their possibilities .
the philosophy underpinning such schemes is simplistic and patronising , concentrating on women 's [shortages] rather than their strengths , their inadequacies rather than their capacities , their limitations rather than their possibilities .

Ways of organising struggles that were appropriate to a phase of economic growth and full employment must now be reviewed and revised ; although the scope and diversity of trade union education have remained admirably broad even under the impact of the crisis , defence of past achievements must as ever be supported by an appraisal of shortcomings and deficiencies .
ways of organising struggles that were appropriate to a phase of economic growth and full employment must now be reviewed and revised ; although the scope and diversity of trade union education have remained admirably broad even under the impact of the crisis , defence of past achievements must as ever be supported by an appraisal of shortcomings and [shortages] .

Clearly , individual gains , in terms of meeting individual needs , have important collective consequences in a trade union . But judged by the needs of the collectivity — whether the union or the wider community of working men and women — union education has a number of deficiencies :
clearly , individual gains , in terms of meeting individual needs , have important collective consequences in a trade union . but judged by the needs of the collectivity — whether the union or the wider community of working men and women — union education has a number of [shortages] :

Processes were scrutinized to remedy deficiencies internal to physical geography .
processes were scrutinized to remedy [shortages] internal to physical geography .

The distinction has to be considered at least to some extent because only by identifying what has been done in the past can one see how deficiencies remain to be corrected in the future research agenda .
the distinction has to be considered at least to some extent because only by identifying what has been done in the past can one see how [shortages] remain to be corrected in the future research agenda .

Mobbs felt that the Zambian system worked badly and that he could learn from its deficiencies .
mobbs felt that the zambian system worked badly and that he could learn from its [shortages] .

Proposed change is whenever possible shown to arise from identified deficiencies .
proposed change is whenever possible shown to arise from identified [shortages] .

( g ) Green form deficiencies
( g ) green form [shortages]

Notwithstanding the various deficiencies , mentioned in this section , the overall view of the green form scheme expressed by Baldwin and Hill was encouraging :
notwithstanding the various [shortages] , mentioned in this section , the overall view of the green form scheme expressed by baldwin and hill was encouraging :

This shortcoming can be explained in part by the alleged deficiencies of the respective approaches ( social administrators have been criticized for their less than rigorous historical investigations ( Thane , 1992 ) whilst historians have been taken to task for their reluctance to engage in broad theoretical debate ) .
this shortcoming can be explained in part by the alleged [shortages] of the respective approaches ( social administrators have been criticized for their less than rigorous historical investigations ( thane , 1992 ) whilst historians have been taken to task for their reluctance to engage in broad theoretical debate ) .

No matter what the deficiencies were in its security arrangements at Frankfurt , the airline and its insurers were at least entitled to prepare their best defence against a charge of wilful misconduct .
no matter what the [shortages] were in its security arrangements at frankfurt , the airline and its insurers were at least entitled to prepare their best defence against a charge of wilful misconduct .

If Washington was determined to show that Pan Am 's deficiencies were solely to blame for the bombing , Pan Am 's only defence was to show that Washington was at least equally at fault .
if washington was determined to show that pan am 's [shortages] were solely to blame for the bombing , pan am 's only defence was to show that washington was at least equally at fault .

The 1947 Act set out to remedy the deficiencies .
the 1947 act set out to remedy the [shortages] .

Each new kind of medium is likely to have its own built in obsolescence whether deficiencies these are inherent or merely the result of replacement by newer and more efficient technologies .
each new kind of medium is likely to have its own built in obsolescence whether [shortages] these are inherent or merely the result of replacement by newer and more efficient technologies .

This concerns the analytical deficiencies in the treatment of the relationship between stocks and flows in Keynesian macroeconomics .
this concerns the analytical [shortages] in the treatment of the relationship between stocks and flows in keynesian macroeconomics .

Sustainability 's recommendations for action have also come under scrutiny , since they do not cover some of the deficiencies identified in the report , including the low-level of recycled materials use , and the company 's preference for road , rather than rail , as means of product transport .
sustainability 's recommendations for action have also come under scrutiny , since they do not cover some of the [shortages] identified in the report , including the low-level of recycled materials use , and the company 's preference for road , rather than rail , as means of product transport .

If the lives of the people in West Belfast are to become truly richer , more fulfilling and longer , greater resources channelled through a comprehensive strategy are needed to address past deficiencies .
if the lives of the people in west belfast are to become truly richer , more fulfilling and longer , greater resources channelled through a comprehensive strategy are needed to address past [shortages] .

" Le nord de l'Angleterre , c'est L'Ecosse , " said the man , flashing his even teeth at her , showing them as though to compensate for the deficiencies of his wit .
" le nord de l'angleterre , c'est l'ecosse , " said the man , flashing his even teeth at her , showing them as though to compensate for the [shortages] of his wit .

The shelf display is supplemented by an indexing system flexibly organized to allow for a variety of approaches , to lead the enquirer to the right `` shelf address `` and to remedy any deficiencies in the system for particular types of user .
the shelf display is supplemented by an indexing system flexibly organized to allow for a variety of approaches , to lead the enquirer to the right `` shelf address `` and to remedy any [shortages] in the system for particular types of user .

Studies of long-term growth and development give evidence that children of mothers who smoked in pregnancy may have slight but measurable deficiencies in physical growth and intellectual development throughout childhood and into early adulthood .
studies of long-term growth and development give evidence that children of mothers who smoked in pregnancy may have slight but measurable [shortages] in physical growth and intellectual development throughout childhood and into early adulthood .

Is the modern housewife 's malaise due to deficiencies in her work environment ? Lack of proper equipment , inadequate housing — are such considerations in fact a cause of dissatisfaction ? Or is dissatisfaction actually unrelated to these features of the home as the workplace ?
is the modern housewife 's malaise due to [shortages] in her work environment ? lack of proper equipment , inadequate housing — are such considerations in fact a cause of dissatisfaction ? or is dissatisfaction actually unrelated to these features of the home as the workplace ?

Jacobs [ 1989 ] adds the deficiencies of circularity of definitions and obsolescence to the above ; and argues that MRDs are only a piece of the solution to the lexical acquisition problem .
jacobs [ 1989 ] adds the [shortages] of circularity of definitions and obsolescence to the above ; and argues that mrds are only a piece of the solution to the lexical acquisition problem .

The state was as reluctant to intervene in the housing market , despite its manifest deficiencies .
the state was as reluctant to intervene in the housing market , despite its manifest [shortages] .

The taxes of 1512–15 mostly went off at half-cock , each successive subsidy being voted to remedy the deficiencies of the last : they added only about £75,000 per annum to the Crown 's revenues .
the taxes of 1512–15 mostly went off at half-cock , each successive subsidy being voted to remedy the [shortages] of the last : they added only about £75,000 per annum to the crown 's revenues .

Effective treatment required that the body be in a receptive state to beneficial forms of spirit , which could remedy deficiencies resulting from temperament or life-style .
effective treatment required that the body be in a receptive state to beneficial forms of spirit , which could remedy [shortages] resulting from temperament or life-style .

Unfortunately , as it stands at present it has many deficiencies , because :
unfortunately , as it stands at present it has many [shortages] , because :

Heavy reliance on hospital accident and emergency departments and on short stay hospitals to make good deficiencies in primary and community based health and social care
heavy reliance on hospital accident and emergency departments and on short stay hospitals to make good [shortages] in primary and community based health and social care

Deficiencies in information and expertise can , however , be overcome by the employment of staff .
[shortages] in information and expertise can , however , be overcome by the employment of staff .

It was the military deficiencies of the pomeshchiks which gave the government the greatest grounds for concern .
it was the military [shortages] of the pomeshchiks which gave the government the greatest grounds for concern .

In conclusion , deficiencies have been found in monitoring adults with severe physical disability whose sole regular contacts are health professionals .
in conclusion , [shortages] have been found in monitoring adults with severe physical disability whose sole regular contacts are health professionals .

Indeed , one of the most serious deficiencies in much classroom practice is the total lack of perception that writing can rarely be a once-off activity and , at the same time , a successful one .
indeed , one of the most serious [shortages] in much classroom practice is the total lack of perception that writing can rarely be a once-off activity and , at the same time , a successful one .

Deficiencies in this area have been summed up by Maxwell in his review of junior-school reading in Scottish schools .
[shortages] in this area have been summed up by maxwell in his review of junior-school reading in scottish schools .

No dietary deficiencies in people who lived on her soup !
no dietary [shortages] in people who lived on her soup !

Deficiencies in accommodation and equipment
[shortages] in accommodation and equipment

The democratic merits of small units of government have often been exaggerated and romanticised , while their democratic deficiencies have been overlooked ; 2 .
the democratic merits of small units of government have often been exaggerated and romanticised , while their democratic [shortages] have been overlooked ; 2 .

Roberts usually spoke favourably of the development of the army , while recognising its deficiencies in equipment .
roberts usually spoke favourably of the development of the army , while recognising its [shortages] in equipment .

Again , it could be argued that many of the above deficiencies are remedied by the use of self-regulation .
again , it could be argued that many of the above [shortages] are remedied by the use of self-regulation .

The evidence indicated that seat belt deficiencies may have adversely effected the restraint of all three occupants during the impact .
the evidence indicated that seat belt [shortages] may have adversely effected the restraint of all three occupants during the impact .

Physically , it can cause hangovers , disturbed sleep , vitamin deficiencies and inflammation of the gastro intestinal tract and , more seriously , severe liver damage eventually resulting in death .
physically , it can cause hangovers , disturbed sleep , vitamin [shortages] and inflammation of the gastro intestinal tract and , more seriously , severe liver damage eventually resulting in death .

This has been applied for but certain electrical deficiencies must be rectified before it is granted .
this has been applied for but certain electrical [shortages] must be rectified before it is granted .

The necessity for and the presence of the foreign company are constant reminders of the deficiencies of the domestic economy ; new methods are defined as more efficient ( if not necessarily more desirable ) than the traditional methods of production current in the host economy ; andwhere entirely new products enter , this only underlines the inadequacies of the host .
the necessity for and the presence of the foreign company are constant reminders of the [shortages] of the domestic economy ; new methods are defined as more efficient ( if not necessarily more desirable ) than the traditional methods of production current in the host economy ; andwhere entirely new products enter , this only underlines the inadequacies of the host .

Hence there are no readily understandable anatomical or physiological correlates to the excesses or deficiencies of Ying , Yang , or Qi or to the expression of liver and spleen disharmonies .
hence there are no readily understandable anatomical or physiological correlates to the excesses or [shortages] of ying , yang , or qi or to the expression of liver and spleen disharmonies .

What are the deficiencies , if any , in the following definition of an asset : ‘ Assets are the things a business owns . ’
what are the [shortages] , if any , in the following definition of an asset : ‘ assets are the things a business owns . ’

In this case , all deficiencies would be notified more sensibly up the tree from user to parent , and so on .
in this case , all [shortages] would be notified more sensibly up the tree from user to parent , and so on .

Any deficiencies on the part of Frank or Bill are reported to Jane , who now need not be concerned with Mick , Sally or Joan .
any [shortages] on the part of frank or bill are reported to jane , who now need not be concerned with mick , sally or joan .

Perhaps Dmitrii Miliutin 's explanation of the Russian army 's deficiencies had struck home .
perhaps dmitrii miliutin 's explanation of the russian army 's [shortages] had struck home .

The purpose of this research is to remedy these deficiencies .
the purpose of this research is to remedy these [shortages] .

Their behaviour conforms to fairly well-known principles and it should therefore be possible to estimate a perpetual inventory model which will show , for example , increased saving if the real value of their assets falls as deficiencies are made up .
their behaviour conforms to fairly well-known principles and it should therefore be possible to estimate a perpetual inventory model which will show , for example , increased saving if the real value of their assets falls as [shortages] are made up .

This will make it possible to suggest ways in which the massive foreign aid efforts currently under way to prevent very serious and increasing food and fuel deficiencies be made more effective .
this will make it possible to suggest ways in which the massive foreign aid efforts currently under way to prevent very serious and increasing food and fuel [shortages] be made more effective .

Any deficiencies in this software may be forgiven in so far as it is distributed entirely free of charge ; no registration fee is requested by the author .
any [shortages] in this software may be forgiven in so far as it is distributed entirely free of charge ; no registration fee is requested by the author .

Your choice could depend on what you think your deficiencies are .
your choice could depend on what you think your [shortages] are .

They offer an opportunity to managers , clinical staff and health and safety officers to reappraise the function of the mortuary services , and rectify any deficiencies in physical structure or in clinical practices .
they offer an opportunity to managers , clinical staff and health and safety officers to reappraise the function of the mortuary services , and rectify any [shortages] in physical structure or in clinical practices .

Editing of cartographic data files is necessary because of errors or deficiencies in input or in the results of data processing .
editing of cartographic data files is necessary because of errors or [shortages] in input or in the results of data processing .

Once analysis of the log makes obvious any deficiencies in time allocation to specific areas , as it will , correction is simple and straightforward .
once analysis of the log makes obvious any [shortages] in time allocation to specific areas , as it will , correction is simple and straightforward .

You would go in there planning to discuss , say , her habit of ogling men in restaurants or her inability to repay money she had borrowed , or her ability to disseminate confidences throughout the whole of Wimbledon about five minutes after they had been imparted to her , and you would end up discussing the state of affairs in Europe , the merits of Beethoven , or , more usually , your own deficiencies .
you would go in there planning to discuss , say , her habit of ogling men in restaurants or her inability to repay money she had borrowed , or her ability to disseminate confidences throughout the whole of wimbledon about five minutes after they had been imparted to her , and you would end up discussing the state of affairs in europe , the merits of beethoven , or , more usually , your own [shortages] .

She was only half alive , an empty shell who 'd sought to hide her deficiencies by becoming a part of a team , but it had n't worked .
she was only half alive , an empty shell who 'd sought to hide her [shortages] by becoming a part of a team , but it had n't worked .

Dr Neil had been busy with a small epidemic of low fever which had fortunately missed Vetch Street , and Matey had decided to do some summer cleaning , spring cleaning having been missed out , due to the deficiencies of Sally-Anne 's predecessor .
dr neil had been busy with a small epidemic of low fever which had fortunately missed vetch street , and matey had decided to do some summer cleaning , spring cleaning having been missed out , due to the [shortages] of sally-anne 's predecessor .

Why exactly the authorities wish to deprive so many thousand people of their bread and butter when the becak is cheap , pollution-free and makes up for the deficiencies in mass transit , is a mystery .
why exactly the authorities wish to deprive so many thousand people of their bread and butter when the becak is cheap , pollution-free and makes up for the [shortages] in mass transit , is a mystery .

The report showed that there had been many changes and improvements since 1986 , but that some deficiencies remain .
the report showed that there had been many changes and improvements since 1986 , but that some [shortages] remain .

In its report ’ Health Warning ’ , the National Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux highlighted deficiencies in the scheme in four respects .
in its report ’ health warning ’ , the national association of citizens advice bureaux highlighted [shortages] in the scheme in four respects .

Gentleman might be referring to the fact that on receipt of the Southern board 's investment appraisal for the refurbishment of Banbridge hospital it became clear that there were a number of deficiencies in the document , as certain issues had not been properly addressed .
gentleman might be referring to the fact that on receipt of the southern board 's investment appraisal for the refurbishment of banbridge hospital it became clear that there were a number of [shortages] in the document , as certain issues had not been properly addressed .

While remedying the deficiencies in the procedures and ensuring that cases are dealt with properly and without delay , it is vital that each application is dealt with fairly and adequately , that each applicant has access to independent legal advice , and that there is a right to proper appeal — a right that the Bill does not give .
while remedying the [shortages] in the procedures and ensuring that cases are dealt with properly and without delay , it is vital that each application is dealt with fairly and adequately , that each applicant has access to independent legal advice , and that there is a right to proper appeal — a right that the bill does not give .

It is not always true that deficiencies in service are to blame .
it is not always true that [shortages] in service are to blame .

Deficiencies which are unacceptable on a car sold as new might be acceptable on a second-hand car .
[shortages] which are unacceptable on a car sold as new might be acceptable on a second-hand car .

This does not in itself mean that the analysis is invalid , and some of the deficiencies may be of little quantitative significance .
this does not in itself mean that the analysis is invalid , and some of the [shortages] may be of little quantitative significance .

However , comparative studies of Wyrwoll & smyth ( 1985 ) , who suggested that the ‘ improved ’ performance may be partly a function of shape-influenced deficiencies in the sieving technique , led to the conclusion that only a marginal improvement in fitting over the log-normal curve was achieved .
however , comparative studies of wyrwoll & smyth ( 1985 ) , who suggested that the ‘ improved ’ performance may be partly a function of shape-influenced [shortages] in the sieving technique , led to the conclusion that only a marginal improvement in fitting over the log-normal curve was achieved .

Sarah wondered if they were deaf in addition to other deficiencies .
sarah wondered if they were deaf in addition to other [shortages] .

Having acknowledged that all children need the intellectual stimulation provided by the school curriculum , the question is , how do we , as teachers , devise a teaching scheme which focuses on each child 's strengths rather than on ‘ deficiencies ’ ? This is , of course , not a question only for teachers of children from ethnic minority groups , and is particularly relevant when considering all aspects of underachievement .
having acknowledged that all children need the intellectual stimulation provided by the school curriculum , the question is , how do we , as teachers , devise a teaching scheme which focuses on each child 's strengths rather than on ‘ [shortages] ’ ? this is , of course , not a question only for teachers of children from ethnic minority groups , and is particularly relevant when considering all aspects of underachievement .

Are there adequate and appropriate resources to remedy any deficiencies which are exposed ?
are there adequate and appropriate resources to remedy any [shortages] which are exposed ?

The centre of the group was Wattling , perched on a chair surrounded by his admiring peers , and attempting to sing ‘ Doh , a deer , a female deer ’ — revealing , in the attempt , conspicuous deficiencies in his knowledge of the tonic sol-fa .
the centre of the group was wattling , perched on a chair surrounded by his admiring peers , and attempting to sing ‘ doh , a deer , a female deer ’ — revealing , in the attempt , conspicuous [shortages] in his knowledge of the tonic sol-fa .

This was clearly illustrated by official reaction to the charge , made in the first months of the war , that the revelations of head lice , impetigo , scabies and general uncleanliness were proof that the school medical service had serious deficiencies : clearly , such conditions had been markedly under-recorded in medical inspections before the war .
this was clearly illustrated by official reaction to the charge , made in the first months of the war , that the revelations of head lice , impetigo , scabies and general uncleanliness were proof that the school medical service had serious [shortages] : clearly , such conditions had been markedly under-recorded in medical inspections before the war .

The form used was complicated but could not compensate for the deficiencies of information about a population that was still highly mobile and still undergoing the stresses of war .
the form used was complicated but could not compensate for the [shortages] of information about a population that was still highly mobile and still undergoing the stresses of war .

But the executive also turned its collective mind to the task of responding to a resolution at the conference which had been sponsored by the Preston Trades Council , drawing attention to the deficiencies of the party in facing a general election , and asking that the machinery should be improved so that the party might ‘ make a determined bid for a Labour majority at the next General Election ’ .
but the executive also turned its collective mind to the task of responding to a resolution at the conference which had been sponsored by the preston trades council , drawing attention to the [shortages] of the party in facing a general election , and asking that the machinery should be improved so that the party might ‘ make a determined bid for a labour majority at the next general election ’ .

The bishops were to look for exactly these deficiencies ; synods were to be held ; the clergy were to be better educated , responsible and not ignorant .
the bishops were to look for exactly these [shortages] ; synods were to be held ; the clergy were to be better educated , responsible and not ignorant .

The government launched a review of national security arrangements with a view to `` rectifying any existing deficiencies `` .
the government launched a review of national security arrangements with a view to `` rectifying any existing [shortages] `` .

Where heavy demand or deficiencies existed , small-scale traders such as mechanics , carpenters and plumbers would be allowed to work for their own profit .
where heavy demand or [shortages] existed , small-scale traders such as mechanics , carpenters and plumbers would be allowed to work for their own profit .

New banking legislation was introduced in October after a pyramid scheme operated by the Thanh Huong perfume company had collapsed , emphasizing the current banking system 's deficiencies , and provoking major public protests in Ho Chi Minh City .
new banking legislation was introduced in october after a pyramid scheme operated by the thanh huong perfume company had collapsed , emphasizing the current banking system 's [shortages] , and provoking major public protests in ho chi minh city .

Preparing for contracts also imposed a massive management agenda on both purchasers and providers , requiring them to address the information deficiencies of many years in 18 months .
preparing for contracts also imposed a massive management agenda on both purchasers and providers , requiring them to address the information [shortages] of many years in 18 months .

Technical deficiencies may irritate , but judicious selection of a short sequence can provide useful evidential material .
technical [shortages] may irritate , but judicious selection of a short sequence can provide useful evidential material .

Equity both supplemented the common law and corrected its deficiencies .
equity both supplemented the common law and corrected its [shortages] .

The results are used to help the teacher to diagnose student deficiencies .
the results are used to help the teacher to diagnose student [shortages] .

Nearly half the science departments had deficiencies in equipment .
nearly half the science departments had [shortages] in equipment .

We measure different degrees in the quality of eyesight and try and correct deficiencies with spectacles .
we measure different degrees in the quality of eyesight and try and correct [shortages] with spectacles .

None the less , their investigation appears to have been scrupulously thorough , painting what Callaghan called ‘ a splendid picture ’ , and pointing out political , diplomatic and military deficiencies by the British government .
none the less , their investigation appears to have been scrupulously thorough , painting what callaghan called ‘ a splendid picture ’ , and pointing out political , diplomatic and military [shortages] by the british government .

Perhaps , though , it was Pepper 's display which exposed some of their deficiencies for the impetus was created and maintained almost exclusively by the forwards , who dominated the lineout and drove magnificently .
perhaps , though , it was pepper 's display which exposed some of their [shortages] for the impetus was created and maintained almost exclusively by the forwards , who dominated the lineout and drove magnificently .

The result may be nutrient deficiencies , toxic levels of metals , and a long-term drop in pH .
the result may be nutrient [shortages] , toxic levels of metals , and a long-term drop in ph .

We accept responsibility for the acts and/or omissions of our employees or agents and suppliers while acting within the scope of or in the course of their employment , agency or contract of supply and we also accept responsibility for any deficiencies in the services we are contractually obliged to provide or for any failure of such services to reach a reasonable standard save , in each case that :
we accept responsibility for the acts and/or omissions of our employees or agents and suppliers while acting within the scope of or in the course of their employment , agency or contract of supply and we also accept responsibility for any [shortages] in the services we are contractually obliged to provide or for any failure of such services to reach a reasonable standard save , in each case that :

In most western countries , serious nutrient deficiencies are fortunately rare .
in most western countries , serious nutrient [shortages] are fortunately rare .

Of the sample as a whole , which included leisure centres , holiday camps and caravan parks , even those pools providing lifeguards exhibited worrying deficiencies , the survey said .
of the sample as a whole , which included leisure centres , holiday camps and caravan parks , even those pools providing lifeguards exhibited worrying [shortages] , the survey said .

But if , as Longinus thinks , the sublime , being the highest excellence that human composition can attain to , abundantly compensates the absence of every other beauty , and atones for all other deficiencies , then Michelangelo demands the preference .
but if , as longinus thinks , the sublime , being the highest excellence that human composition can attain to , abundantly compensates the absence of every other beauty , and atones for all other [shortages] , then michelangelo demands the preference .

And there is a point of view from which Ronald Fraser might be seen as a man of Marxist leanings who paid a professional adviser what may have been a fair whack of a working man 's wages to enquire with him into the deficiencies of his affective life .
and there is a point of view from which ronald fraser might be seen as a man of marxist leanings who paid a professional adviser what may have been a fair whack of a working man 's wages to enquire with him into the [shortages] of his affective life .

She found that when women with hormone deficiencies were prescribed a little testosterone along with their oestrogen they experienced increased sexual desire , and were more easily aroused .
she found that when women with hormone [shortages] were prescribed a little testosterone along with their oestrogen they experienced increased sexual desire , and were more easily aroused .

The Report was not , however , flattering in its description of the material basis for primary education , which was marked by deficiencies common to many secondary schools as well . It is only through the most tinted of retrospective spectacles that the 1960s can appear as a golden age , and least of all in the deprived areas to which the Report correctly gave so much attention :
the report was not , however , flattering in its description of the material basis for primary education , which was marked by [shortages] common to many secondary schools as well . it is only through the most tinted of retrospective spectacles that the 1960s can appear as a golden age , and least of all in the deprived areas to which the report correctly gave so much attention :

Lime juice was recognized ( though not widely established ) as preventive for scurvy , and cod liver oil for rickets long before specific nutritional deficiencies began to be understood or vitamins were discovered .
lime juice was recognized ( though not widely established ) as preventive for scurvy , and cod liver oil for rickets long before specific nutritional [shortages] began to be understood or vitamins were discovered .

‘ Fisher ’ , he said , ‘ was my headmaster and he has known ail my deficiencies for a long time .
‘ fisher ’ , he said , ‘ was my headmaster and he has known ail my [shortages] for a long time .

This definition suggests two of the major deficiencies of the international legal system — firstly that there is little one country can do if another fails to abide by the rules , and this is made worse by the second factor , the lack of a comprehensive single body of law that could form the basis of a truly coherent system .
this definition suggests two of the major [shortages] of the international legal system — firstly that there is little one country can do if another fails to abide by the rules , and this is made worse by the second factor , the lack of a comprehensive single body of law that could form the basis of a truly coherent system .

Even beyond these deficiencies in the existing literature , there remain two large gaps to be filled .
even beyond these [shortages] in the existing literature , there remain two large gaps to be filled .

The state may make good the deficiencies of the free market to tackle avoidable ills ( Beveridge , 1944 ) .
the state may make good the [shortages] of the free market to tackle avoidable ills ( beveridge , 1944 ) .

However , nearly all funboard technique problems can be traced back to deficiencies in the strong wind stance .
however , nearly all funboard technique problems can be traced back to [shortages] in the strong wind stance .

If the potential business is valuable enough , or of the deficiencies are such that they can be convinced that improvement will improve their trading prospects as a whole , then there is great scope for negotiation to seek changes that will satisfy requirements .
if the potential business is valuable enough , or of the [shortages] are such that they can be convinced that improvement will improve their trading prospects as a whole , then there is great scope for negotiation to seek changes that will satisfy requirements .

There seems little doubt that a number of deficiencies and miscalculations , both strategic and tactical , on Mrs Thatcher 's side contributed to her defeat .
there seems little doubt that a number of [shortages] and miscalculations , both strategic and tactical , on mrs thatcher 's side contributed to her defeat .

The Commission rightly made the point that ‘ there is a concern that voluntary effort is being used to compensate for deficiencies in the public services .
the commission rightly made the point that ‘ there is a concern that voluntary effort is being used to compensate for [shortages] in the public services .

It was clever of humankind to invent science and art to supply the deficiencies of nature , and we ought to be proud .
it was clever of humankind to invent science and art to supply the [shortages] of nature , and we ought to be proud .

Respondents identified a number of procedural deficiencies in the Act which was said to lack sufficient powers to enforce compliance .
respondents identified a number of procedural [shortages] in the act which was said to lack sufficient powers to enforce compliance .

early detection of deficiencies and remedial action
early detection of [shortages] and remedial action

Certain deficiencies , of vitamins or iodine , can be harmful , and there are serious dangers from mercurial or lead poisoning .
certain [shortages] , of vitamins or iodine , can be harmful , and there are serious dangers from mercurial or lead poisoning .

The logical development would be for closer examination of early foetuses with a view to detecting minor deficiencies which many babies are born with .
the logical development would be for closer examination of early foetuses with a view to detecting minor [shortages] which many babies are born with .

Scientific analyses have now shown that certain protein and mineral deficiencies can cause developmental problems in growing youngsters and decreased performance in working horses .
scientific analyses have now shown that certain protein and mineral [shortages] can cause developmental problems in growing youngsters and decreased performance in working horses .

So we can see that feeding straight cereals can cause problems if we do n't supplement the deficiencies correctly . Also straights can vary tremendously in quality although the same can be said of some compound feeds by the way !
so we can see that feeding straight cereals can cause problems if we do n't supplement the [shortages] correctly . also straights can vary tremendously in quality although the same can be said of some compound feeds by the way !

These are mixes which are designed for the horse owner who still wants to feed traditionally ie oats etc , but wants to make up the deficiencies with a specific mix .
these are mixes which are designed for the horse owner who still wants to feed traditionally ie oats etc , but wants to make up the [shortages] with a specific mix .

The debate was mainly about what should be provided , what deficiencies should be remedied , and , to a much lesser extent , about how this should be brought about .
the debate was mainly about what should be provided , what [shortages] should be remedied , and , to a much lesser extent , about how this should be brought about .

But so far their explanation of rising crime has largely focused on alleged deficiencies in police strategy , in particular on counter-productive militaristic tactics which exacerbate ‘ public alienation ’ and therefore impede successful crime control ( Kinsey et al .
but so far their explanation of rising crime has largely focused on alleged [shortages] in police strategy , in particular on counter-productive militaristic tactics which exacerbate ‘ public alienation ’ and therefore impede successful crime control ( kinsey et al .

The perception that the ills of society are relatively more prevalent in some areas than others has innocent and fairly obvious origins … But then material and environmental deficiencies become heavily associated in the public mind with other socially perceived problems .
the perception that the ills of society are relatively more prevalent in some areas than others has innocent and fairly obvious origins … but then material and environmental [shortages] become heavily associated in the public mind with other socially perceived problems .

The interest and motivation of the reader will normally overcome any deficiencies in the writing , and the librarian need not waste time attempting stylistic assessment .
the interest and motivation of the reader will normally overcome any [shortages] in the writing , and the librarian need not waste time attempting stylistic assessment .

The example in Fig 13.5 shows a replenishment procedure for a stationery store , viewed by a user in terms of the timescale of delivery , quality of the order , and potential deficiencies , whilst the storeman has subjective feelings about his own status , wages , and so on .
the example in fig 13.5 shows a replenishment procedure for a stationery store , viewed by a user in terms of the timescale of delivery , quality of the order , and potential [shortages] , whilst the storeman has subjective feelings about his own status , wages , and so on .

However he considered that Vial ‘ was a man of such good natural abilities that when his mind was at ease , he had so much application that his deficiencies , had he lived , might have been in a great measure made up ’ .
however he considered that vial ‘ was a man of such good natural abilities that when his mind was at ease , he had so much application that his [shortages] , had he lived , might have been in a great measure made up ’ .

If these broad observations of Britain are true , then the North of England has similar deficiencies , with added handicaps .
if these broad observations of britain are true , then the north of england has similar [shortages] , with added handicaps .

However , anyone who is on the move , under stress or is likely to skip meals should think about taking a multi-vitamin and mineral supplement to make up for any deficiencies in diet .
however , anyone who is on the move , under stress or is likely to skip meals should think about taking a multi-vitamin and mineral supplement to make up for any [shortages] in diet .

Aside from its logical and evidential deficiencies .
aside from its logical and evidential [shortages] .

By the end of June 1982 serious or severe deficiencies in rainfall had developed over most of New South Wales , central and south-western Queensland and northern Victoria .
by the end of june 1982 serious or severe [shortages] in rainfall had developed over most of new south wales , central and south-western queensland and northern victoria .

By the end of August rainfall deficiencies of three to five months duration had become established over much of South Australia , almost all of Victoria and New South Wales , Tasmania and southern Queensland .
by the end of august rainfall [shortages] of three to five months duration had become established over much of south australia , almost all of victoria and new south wales , tasmania and southern queensland .

The concept of ‘ hygiene ’ has widened enormously since the school 's inception in 1924 , to encompass human nutrition , vitamin deficiencies , biochemical and metabolic disorders , louse eradication , ‘ sudden infant death syndrome ’ ( best known as cot-death ) , population studies and community health .
the concept of ‘ hygiene ’ has widened enormously since the school 's inception in 1924 , to encompass human nutrition , vitamin [shortages] , biochemical and metabolic disorders , louse eradication , ‘ sudden infant death syndrome ’ ( best known as cot-death ) , population studies and community health .

However , control by killing the mosquito larvae suffers from two main deficiencies .
however , control by killing the mosquito larvae suffers from two main [shortages] .

In recent years , minor enzyme deficiencies have been found in some people , which do not normally make them ill unless they take a particular medicinal drug .
in recent years , minor enzyme [shortages] have been found in some people , which do not normally make them ill unless they take a particular medicinal drug .

Studies of such drugs in food-intolerant patients have shown that a large proportion of them suffer from these minor enzyme deficiencies ( see p 233 ) .
studies of such drugs in food-intolerant patients have shown that a large proportion of them suffer from these minor enzyme [shortages] ( see p 233 ) .

If enzyme deficiencies are at the root of the problem in chemical-sensitive patients then one might expect them to show the same sort of reaction to small amounts of a chemical as normal people show to large amounts of that chemical .
if enzyme [shortages] are at the root of the problem in chemical-sensitive patients then one might expect them to show the same sort of reaction to small amounts of a chemical as normal people show to large amounts of that chemical .

It is possible that such people had minor enzyme deficiencies before their damaging exposure , but that these were not causing any symptoms at that stage .
it is possible that such people had minor enzyme [shortages] before their damaging exposure , but that these were not causing any symptoms at that stage .

These include correcting nutritional deficiencies ( see p 261 ) , taking regular exercise , eating a good , healthy diet and reducing stress .
these include correcting nutritional [shortages] ( see p 261 ) , taking regular exercise , eating a good , healthy diet and reducing stress .

Women who have been on the Pill may have nutritional deficiencies ( see p 260 ) and you may wish to take a nutritional supplement of the kind described on p 330 .
women who have been on the pill may have nutritional [shortages] ( see p 260 ) and you may wish to take a nutritional supplement of the kind described on p 330 .

Hyperkinetic children may also have deficiencies in certain enzymes that break down toxic compounds found in food , or produced by bacteria in the gut .
hyperkinetic children may also have [shortages] in certain enzymes that break down toxic compounds found in food , or produced by bacteria in the gut .

It is quite probable that both IgE and enzyme deficiencies are important in causing the symptoms .
it is quite probable that both ige and enzyme [shortages] are important in causing the symptoms .

This suggests that enzyme deficiencies may contribute to hyperkinetic syndrome , because such additives need to be detoxified by the body 's enzymes .
this suggests that enzyme [shortages] may contribute to hyperkinetic syndrome , because such additives need to be detoxified by the body 's enzymes .

There are some illnesses and drugs that can cause vitamin deficiencies , and your doctor should advise on supplements .
there are some illnesses and drugs that can cause vitamin [shortages] , and your doctor should advise on supplements .

But in fact there are two major and important deficiencies with them .
but in fact there are two major and important [shortages] with them .

The British Crime Survey of 1983 , a research project carried out by the Home Office , is a recent example of how victim and self-report studies can be used to attempt to get round the problems of and deficiencies with the official criminal statistics .
the british crime survey of 1983 , a research project carried out by the home office , is a recent example of how victim and self-report studies can be used to attempt to get round the problems of and [shortages] with the official criminal statistics .

Attempts to remedy the deficiencies in these statistics suffer from a number of problems and difficulties themselves .
attempts to remedy the [shortages] in these statistics suffer from a number of problems and difficulties themselves .

The main focus of our examination of criminal statistics , Chapter 4 , was on the problems and deficiencies with these statistics .
the main focus of our examination of criminal statistics , chapter 4 , was on the problems and [shortages] with these statistics .

He identified the several causes of unemployment as poor organization of industry , seasonal and cyclical fluctuations in the demand for labour , structural decline of certain industries or trades , personal deficiencies and , to a certain extent , ‘ blind-alley ’ situations .
he identified the several causes of unemployment as poor organization of industry , seasonal and cyclical fluctuations in the demand for labour , structural decline of certain industries or trades , personal [shortages] and , to a certain extent , ‘ blind-alley ’ situations .

The following points will highlight its deficiencies :
the following points will highlight its [shortages] :

Unfortunately , for bankers assessing country risk , this ratio has two major deficiencies .
unfortunately , for bankers assessing country risk , this ratio has two major [shortages] .

These deficiencies give rise to dissatisfaction in those who can see increasing inequalities in a society where suburbanites and those in the smaller towns and cities of the south of England have experienced large material gains through house-price increases and tax changes .
these [shortages] give rise to dissatisfaction in those who can see increasing inequalities in a society where suburbanites and those in the smaller towns and cities of the south of england have experienced large material gains through house-price increases and tax changes .

Processes of economic change , political marginalization , demographic restructuring and financial deficiencies affect communities that could not be identified as ‘ urban ’ .
processes of economic change , political marginalization , demographic restructuring and financial [shortages] affect communities that could not be identified as ‘ urban ’ .

The keeper is an obvious fall-guy , a last line of lonely defence whose faults and deficiencies are easy to expose .
the keeper is an obvious fall-guy , a last line of lonely defence whose faults and [shortages] are easy to expose .

Although the purchase of new computer equipment , supplies and compatible information management systems are included , no estimates are provided for the cost to correct existing computer system deficiencies nor the resources to support some system redundancy for a period of time .
although the purchase of new computer equipment , supplies and compatible information management systems are included , no estimates are provided for the cost to correct existing computer system [shortages] nor the resources to support some system redundancy for a period of time .

To achieve this goal , he directed the head of each agency without an unqualified audit opinion to submit to the OMB ( 1 ) an initial plan for resolving financial reporting deficiencies and ( 2 ) quarterly progress reports for achieving the goal .
to achieve this goal , he directed the head of each agency without an unqualified audit opinion to submit to the omb ( 1 ) an initial plan for resolving financial reporting [shortages] and ( 2 ) quarterly progress reports for achieving the goal .

The resulting competency profile is used to assess gaps in individual or group competency levels and develop human capital strategies to address current or expected future deficiencies .
the resulting competency profile is used to assess gaps in individual or group competency levels and develop human capital strategies to address current or expected future [shortages] .

They occur for many reasons including insufficient oversight or monitoring , inadequate eligibility controls , and automated system deficiencies .
they occur for many reasons including insufficient oversight or monitoring , inadequate eligibility controls , and automated system [shortages] .

Deficiencies in federal information security are a growing concern .
[shortages] in federal information security are a growing concern .

For example , At the financial services corporation , the central security group routinely analyzed the causes of security weaknesses identified by management and by auditors in order to identify policy and related control deficiencies .
for example , at the financial services corporation , the central security group routinely analyzed the causes of security weaknesses identified by management and by auditors in order to identify policy and related control [shortages] .

CONDITION ASSESSMENT SURVEYS - Periodic inspections of PP & E to determine their current condition and estimated cost to correct any deficiencies .
condition assessment surveys - periodic inspections of pp & e to determine their current condition and estimated cost to correct any [shortages] .

The data on marine casualties indicated that accidents were often caused , not by deficiencies in the vessels or other factors , but by human error .
the data on marine casualties indicated that accidents were often caused , not by [shortages] in the vessels or other factors , but by human error .

Thus , even if GAO were able to identify certain deficiencies in a land management plan , for example , GAO would be prohibited from examining the process used to develop the plan in order to suggest improvements .
thus , even if gao were able to identify certain [shortages] in a land management plan , for example , gao would be prohibited from examining the process used to develop the plan in order to suggest improvements .

To some extent , deficiencies in the functioning of boards may have been masked by the effect of a flourishing market and may not have been readily apparent until market downturns began to occur .
to some extent , [shortages] in the functioning of boards may have been masked by the effect of a flourishing market and may not have been readily apparent until market downturns began to occur .

Examination of the sample and evaluation of the results permits correction of errors and other deficiencies found in the items sampled and the procedures and controls directly related to the items .
examination of the sample and evaluation of the results permits correction of errors and other [shortages] found in the items sampled and the procedures and controls directly related to the items .

Initial prototypes for a complex product with major technological advances have inherent deficiencies .
initial prototypes for a complex product with major technological advances have inherent [shortages] .

Although the following standard on reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and on internal control over financial reporting is applicable to audits of financial statements , the requirement to report deficiencies in internal control ( see paragraphs 5.11 through 5.15 ) and reporting fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance ( see paragraphs 5.16 through 5.26 ) is applicable to all financial audits .
although the following standard on reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and on internal control over financial reporting is applicable to audits of financial statements , the requirement to report [shortages] in internal control ( see paragraphs 5.11 through 5.15 ) and reporting fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance ( see paragraphs 5.16 through 5.26 ) is applicable to all financial audits .

Scope of Compliance and Internal Control Work 5.10 Auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 REPORTING DEFICIENCIES IN INTERNAL CONTROL 5.11 The additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in AICPA standards .
scope of compliance and internal control work 5.10 auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 reporting [shortages] in internal control 5.11 the additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should report significant [shortages] in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in aicpa standards .

AICPA standards define reportable conditions as significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control which could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements .
aicpa standards define reportable conditions as significant [shortages] in the design or operation of internal control which could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements .

If the auditors have communicated other deficiencies in internal control in a management letter to officials of the audited entity , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on internal control .
if the auditors have communicated other [shortages] in internal control in a management letter to officials of the audited entity , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on internal control .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control .
auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about [shortages] in internal control .

VIEWS OF RESPONSIBLE OFFICIALS 5.27 An additional reporting standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : If the auditors ' report discloses significant deficiencies , auditors should report the views of responsible officials concerning the findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as well as corrections planned .
views of responsible officials 5.27 an additional reporting standard for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : if the auditors ' report discloses significant [shortages] , auditors should report the views of responsible officials concerning the findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as well as corrections planned .

Reporting on Internal Control and on Fraud , Illegal Acts , and Other Noncompliance 6.28 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : The report on an attestation engagement should disclose deficiencies in internal control , including internal control over compliance with laws and regulations , that are material to the subject matter or assertion .
reporting on internal control and on fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance 6.28 an additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : the report on an attestation engagement should disclose [shortages] in internal control , including internal control over compliance with laws and regulations , that are material to the subject matter or assertion .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control or indications of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance .
auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about [shortages] in internal control or indications of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft If the auditor 's report discloses significant deficiencies , auditors should report the views of responsible officials concerning the findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as well as corrections planned .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft if the auditor 's report discloses significant [shortages] , auditors should report the views of responsible officials concerning the findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as well as corrections planned .

Deficiencies in federal information security are a growing concern .
[shortages] in federal information security are a growing concern .

For example , At the financial services corporation , the central security group routinely analyzed the causes of security weaknesses identified by management and by auditors in order to identify policy and related control deficiencies .
for example , at the financial services corporation , the central security group routinely analyzed the causes of security weaknesses identified by management and by auditors in order to identify policy and related control [shortages] .

As part of its evaluation , GAO made a series of recommendations to the Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) for improvements to its nursing home survey process and for stronger enforcement in instances when nursing homes repeatedly violate regulations and do not correct deficiencies .
as part of its evaluation , gao made a series of recommendations to the health care financing administration ( hcfa ) for improvements to its nursing home survey process and for stronger enforcement in instances when nursing homes repeatedly violate regulations and do not correct [shortages] .

More Efficient Government set of initiatives designed to improve patient care and eliminate deficiencies .
more efficient government set of initiatives designed to improve patient care and eliminate [shortages] .

Based on GAO 's work , HCFA now requires states to investigate serious complaints alleging harm to residents within 10 days , has proposed an expansion of its enforcement programs by subjecting homes with repeated serious deficiencies to immediate sanctions , and has revised the protocols that state surveyors use to inspect nursing homes to better focus the reviews .
based on gao 's work , hcfa now requires states to investigate serious complaints alleging harm to residents within 10 days , has proposed an expansion of its enforcement programs by subjecting homes with repeated serious [shortages] to immediate sanctions , and has revised the protocols that state surveyors use to inspect nursing homes to better focus the reviews .

Deficiencies found during ongoing monitoring or through separate evaluations should be communicated to the individual responsible for the function and also to at least one level of management above that individual .
[shortages] found during ongoing monitoring or through separate evaluations should be communicated to the individual responsible for the function and also to at least one level of management above that individual .

Managers are to ( 1 ) promptly evaluate findings from Page 20 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) audits and other reviews , including those showing deficiencies and recommendations reported by auditors and others who evaluate agencies ' operations , ( 2 ) determine proper actions in response to findings and recommendations from audits and reviews , and ( 3 ) complete , within established time frames , all actions that correct or otherwise resolve the matters brought to management 's attention .
managers are to ( 1 ) promptly evaluate findings from page 20 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) audits and other reviews , including those showing [shortages] and recommendations reported by auditors and others who evaluate agencies ' operations , ( 2 ) determine proper actions in response to findings and recommendations from audits and reviews , and ( 3 ) complete , within established time frames , all actions that correct or otherwise resolve the matters brought to management 's attention .

The resolution process begins when audit or other review results are reported to management , and is completed only after action has been taken that ( 1 ) corrects identified deficiencies , ( 2 ) produces improvements , or ( 3 ) demonstrates the findings and recommendationsdo not warrant management action .
the resolution process begins when audit or other review results are reported to management , and is completed only after action has been taken that ( 1 ) corrects identified [shortages] , ( 2 ) produces improvements , or ( 3 ) demonstrates the findings and recommendationsdo not warrant management action .

These audits examined the accuracy of case statistical reports submitted by six grantees , and the causes of identified deficiencies , rather than validating or testing the accuracy of national or system-wide data .
these audits examined the accuracy of case statistical reports submitted by six grantees , and the causes of identified [shortages] , rather than validating or testing the accuracy of national or system-wide data .

The FDNY has worked hard in the past several years to address its radio deficiencies .
the fdny has worked hard in the past several years to address its radio [shortages] .

The aid was later cut because of alleged accounting deficiencies .
the aid was later cut because of alleged accounting [shortages] .

That these candidates were selected so quickly-before comprehensive testing in the training camps or in operations-demonstrates that Bin Ladin and Atef probably already understood the deficiencies of their initial team , Hazmi and Mihdhar .
that these candidates were selected so quickly-before comprehensive testing in the training camps or in operations-demonstrates that bin ladin and atef probably already understood the [shortages] of their initial team , hazmi and mihdhar .

However , some persistently agricultural economies with large populations ( such as Nigeria and Indonesia ) tend to retain the inequities that influence diets , leading to protein-calorie deficiencies among those with lower income and increased BMI among those with higher income .
however , some persistently agricultural economies with large populations ( such as nigeria and indonesia ) tend to retain the inequities that influence diets , leading to protein-calorie [shortages] among those with lower income and increased bmi among those with higher income .

The scientists dubbed it chronic wasting disease ( CWD ) , and for years they thought it might be caused by stress , nutritional deficiencies , or poisoning .
the scientists dubbed it chronic wasting disease ( cwd ) , and for years they thought it might be caused by stress , nutritional [shortages] , or poisoning .

Health Care Reform What has been the response to these deficiencies in the United States health care system ?
health care reform what has been the response to these [shortages] in the united states health care system ?

The humblings must have been something he wanted , and the unhappinesses he 'd thought stemmed from his deficiencies were feelings he 'd obviouswly cultivated .
the humblings must have been something he wanted , and the unhappinesses he 'd thought stemmed from his [shortages] were feelings he 'd obviouswly cultivated .

I recognize deficiencies in my Jewishness .
i recognize [shortages] in my jewishness .

I do not have the energy to remedy these deficiencies now .
i do not have the energy to remedy these [shortages] now .

Alex Ross ' `` Island of Lost Auteurs '' suffers from deficiencies that his just verdict on the latest film can not alleviate .
alex ross ' `` island of lost auteurs '' suffers from [shortages] that his just verdict on the latest film can not alleviate .

Referring to the old airport 's hair-raising , rooftop-scraping approach and its environmental deficiencies , the newspaper said that `` the sheer audacity and improbability of the place so perfectly captured the spirit of the city that Hong Kong will seem lost without it . ''
referring to the old airport 's hair-raising , rooftop-scraping approach and its environmental [shortages] , the newspaper said that `` the sheer audacity and improbability of the place so perfectly captured the spirit of the city that hong kong will seem lost without it . ''

Fest surveys resistance to Hitler from 1933 to 1945 , paying particular attention to the military plot , whose deficiencies he chronicles mercilessly .
fest surveys resistance to hitler from 1933 to 1945 , paying particular attention to the military plot , whose [shortages] he chronicles mercilessly .

The resolution asserts that deficiencies in black educational achievement can not be remedied unless the prevalence of ebonics is recognized and somehow dealt with .
the resolution asserts that [shortages] in black educational achievement can not be remedied unless the prevalence of ebonics is recognized and somehow dealt with .

Each definition has deficiencies .
each definition has [shortages] .

