Meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years .
meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest [lack/shortage] for eight more years .

The deficiency diseases -- scurvy , tropical sprue , pellagra -- run rampant .
the [lack/shortage] diseases -- scurvy , tropical sprue , pellagra -- run rampant .

In West Africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals , a childhood menace is kwashiorkor , or `` Red Johnny '' , a growth-stunting protein deficiency ( signs : reddish hair , bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease .
in west africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals , a childhood menace is kwashiorkor , or `` red johnny '' , a growth-stunting protein [lack/shortage] ( signs : reddish hair , bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease .

In the well-fed U.S. , deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years .
in the well-fed u.s. , [lack/shortage] diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years .

All critics of Adams and his methods have observed this particular deficiency .
all critics of adams and his methods have observed this particular [lack/shortage] .

In the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid hyperplasia , hypertrophy and increased thyroid activity ( Money , Rall and Rawson , 1952 ; ;
in the experimental animal and in man gross [lack/shortage] in dietary iodine causes thyroid hyperplasia , hypertrophy and increased thyroid activity ( money , rall and rawson , 1952 ; ;

If the deficiency persists long enough , it is reasonable to suppose that the Af label will reflect the Af distribution in the thyroglobulin .
if the [lack/shortage] persists long enough , it is reasonable to suppose that the af label will reflect the af distribution in the thyroglobulin .

this is really a deficiency in the scalar field , namely , that it is not algebraically closed .
this is really a [lack/shortage] in the scalar field , namely , that it is not algebraically closed .

This is clearly a deficiency in T .
this is clearly a [lack/shortage] in t .

It was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected , but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen .
it was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected , but at no time was there a [lack/shortage] of dissolved oxygen .

His hubris , deficiency of taste , and sadism carried him straightaway to the top .
his hubris , [lack/shortage] of taste , and sadism carried him straightaway to the top .

It 's a deficiency that they have to go back to another culture , but we hope they 've got sufficient strength from being here to get through that .
it 's a [lack/shortage] that they have to go back to another culture , but we hope they 've got sufficient strength from being here to get through that .

The curate 's deficiency was invariably noted
the curate 's [lack/shortage] was invariably noted

The doctor had been he 's seen her and he told her it 's a hormone deficiency , nothing to what she done to her hair
the doctor had been he 's seen her and he told her it 's a hormone [lack/shortage] , nothing to what she done to her hair

Carly Todd , from Lennoxtown , Stirlingshire , is suffering from a condition called adenosine deaminase deficiency which inhibits her immune system .
carly todd , from lennoxtown , stirlingshire , is suffering from a condition called adenosine deaminase [lack/shortage] which inhibits her immune system .

The cinema can show us eyes being gouged out , heads blown off , and aliens bursting from John Hurt 's entrails : when it comes to counterfeiting the mechanics of sexual congress , however , it admits defeat ; nor , in general , are performers willing or able to remedy this deficiency .
the cinema can show us eyes being gouged out , heads blown off , and aliens bursting from john hurt 's entrails : when it comes to counterfeiting the mechanics of sexual congress , however , it admits defeat ; nor , in general , are performers willing or able to remedy this [lack/shortage] .

Carly suffers from an immune system deficiency which killed her 14-month-old brother Greig four days before she was born .
carly suffers from an immune system [lack/shortage] which killed her 14-month-old brother greig four days before she was born .

Excessive drinking can lead to stomach disorders , high blood pressure , depression , sexual difficulties , brain damage , muscle disease , hepatitis , cirrhosis , cancer of the mouth , throat and gullet and vitamin deficiency .
excessive drinking can lead to stomach disorders , high blood pressure , depression , sexual difficulties , brain damage , muscle disease , hepatitis , cirrhosis , cancer of the mouth , throat and gullet and vitamin [lack/shortage] .

Such a bias may be reinforced by the fact that those who are deaf in the 45–50 age range are less likely than their fellows to survive to the following age group ( because the deafness is related to some general malady or because hearing deficiency increases their risk of fatal accident ) .
such a bias may be reinforced by the fact that those who are deaf in the 45–50 age range are less likely than their fellows to survive to the following age group ( because the deafness is related to some general malady or because hearing [lack/shortage] increases their risk of fatal accident ) .

He was discharged to Elton Hall Nursing Home , Elton , Stockton , where he died eight days later due to acute coronary deficiency .
he was discharged to elton hall nursing home , elton , stockton , where he died eight days later due to acute coronary [lack/shortage] .

They have conceded only three goals — all from set-pieces — in opening defeats by Korea ( 0-1 ) and Spain ( 0-2 ) , but the major deficiency lies at the other end of the pitch .
they have conceded only three goals — all from set-pieces — in opening defeats by korea ( 0-1 ) and spain ( 0-2 ) , but the major [lack/shortage] lies at the other end of the pitch .

They have lost the ability to control their own frail bodies because of a chemical deficiency in their brains .
they have lost the ability to control their own frail bodies because of a chemical [lack/shortage] in their brains .

His trainer puts that improvement down to an earlier copper deficiency .
his trainer puts that improvement down to an earlier copper [lack/shortage] .

And it is a deficiency of the final element that can cripple achievement , believes Eric Varlan , one of 13 executives on the Comité de Direction , the body that steers Celomer 's policy .
and it is a [lack/shortage] of the final element that can cripple achievement , believes eric varlan , one of 13 executives on the comité de direction , the body that steers celomer 's policy .

Given these conditions , there could be no overproduction ( or , in other words , no general deficiency of aggregate demand ) and full employment would be assured .
given these conditions , there could be no overproduction ( or , in other words , no general [lack/shortage] of aggregate demand ) and full employment would be assured .

Total exports must pay for total imports , and if a country 's exports fall then imports will also fall unless the deficiency in exports can be made good in the ways specified .
total exports must pay for total imports , and if a country 's exports fall then imports will also fall unless the [lack/shortage] in exports can be made good in the ways specified .

Well my only deficiency in a temper .
well my only [lack/shortage] in a temper .

Diet was often suggested as being the problem , possibly a vitamin deficiency being to blame .
diet was often suggested as being the problem , possibly a vitamin [lack/shortage] being to blame .

But what sets A.agassizii apart from all other known species , and more than makes up for any deficiency in the dorsal ‘ plumage ’ , is its splendid tail .
but what sets a.agassizii apart from all other known species , and more than makes up for any [lack/shortage] in the dorsal ‘ plumage ’ , is its splendid tail .

This in turn has led commentators to assume that such imbalances and other genetic errors such as endocrine deficiency , led also to their demise ( see Chapter 10 ) .
this in turn has led commentators to assume that such imbalances and other genetic errors such as endocrine [lack/shortage] , led also to their demise ( see chapter 10 ) .

Blocks in enzyme function , due either to deficiency or absence of an enzyme ( as in phenylketonuria ) , can cause severe disruption of the body 's metabolic pathways .
blocks in enzyme function , due either to [lack/shortage] or absence of an enzyme ( as in phenylketonuria ) , can cause severe disruption of the body 's metabolic pathways .

Second , blocks may be caused by a deficiency of enzyme co-factors — that is , various vitamin or trace element deficiencies .
second , blocks may be caused by a [lack/shortage] of enzyme co-factors — that is , various vitamin or trace element deficiencies .

Schussler attempted , with his salts , to simplify homoeopathy to make it easier to practise , but his concept of deficiency disease has not been validated and his ideas are not in line with classical homoeopathic principles .
schussler attempted , with his salts , to simplify homoeopathy to make it easier to practise , but his concept of [lack/shortage] disease has not been validated and his ideas are not in line with classical homoeopathic principles .

Many of us are smarting emotionally under the sting of reactions to our belief and keenly aware of the deficiency in our response .
many of us are smarting emotionally under the sting of reactions to our belief and keenly aware of the [lack/shortage] in our response .

Much of the breakdown of faith we are witnessing is a logical consequence , pure and simple , of the deep deficiency of faith today .
much of the breakdown of faith we are witnessing is a logical consequence , pure and simple , of the deep [lack/shortage] of faith today .

Our examination of each doubt will tell us two things : first , about the deficiency of faith which has caused the problem , and second , about the sufficiency of God which is needed as the answer .
our examination of each doubt will tell us two things : first , about the [lack/shortage] of faith which has caused the problem , and second , about the sufficiency of god which is needed as the answer .

This awareness of need is the first level of understanding in coming to faith , and if there is any deficiency at this fundamental level , doubt will strike later on .
this awareness of need is the first level of understanding in coming to faith , and if there is any [lack/shortage] at this fundamental level , doubt will strike later on .

Doubt of this variety stems from a deficiency at the second level of understanding , the level at which Christian presuppositions enter for the first time .
doubt of this variety stems from a [lack/shortage] at the second level of understanding , the level at which christian presuppositions enter for the first time .

Perhaps the reason why more do not is that most people are protected by their lifestyles from the uncomfortable logic of the deficiency in their faith .
perhaps the reason why more do not is that most people are protected by their lifestyles from the uncomfortable logic of the [lack/shortage] in their faith .

The third type of doubt stems from a simple but basic deficiency in understanding why Christianity is true .
the third type of doubt stems from a simple but basic [lack/shortage] in understanding why christianity is true .

Modern faith suffers from a severe shortage of understanding in its basic diet , a deficiency which can be detected at many points .
modern faith suffers from a severe shortage of understanding in its basic diet , a [lack/shortage] which can be detected at many points .

This is an example of doubt which comes from a deficiency at the fourth level of understanding , the only one which actually overlaps with the experience of becoming a Christian .
this is an example of doubt which comes from a [lack/shortage] at the fourth level of understanding , the only one which actually overlaps with the experience of becoming a christian .

The goal of this chapter is to examine the importance of commitment and conviction and to analyse the doubt which grows out of a deficiency at the threshold of conversion .
the goal of this chapter is to examine the importance of commitment and conviction and to analyse the doubt which grows out of a [lack/shortage] at the threshold of conversion .

In a very real and substantial sense , this deficiency in the United Kingdom constitution is remedied by the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms .
in a very real and substantial sense , this [lack/shortage] in the united kingdom constitution is remedied by the european convention on human rights and fundamental freedoms .

Some elderly people suffer from iron deficiency due to a very slight , and sometimes unrecognisable , blood loss from such conditions as piles , diverticulitis , hiatus hernia — and occasionally bleeding from the stomach , if they have been taking aspirin for rheumatism daily for long periods , and this may cause anaemia .
some elderly people suffer from iron [lack/shortage] due to a very slight , and sometimes unrecognisable , blood loss from such conditions as piles , diverticulitis , hiatus hernia — and occasionally bleeding from the stomach , if they have been taking aspirin for rheumatism daily for long periods , and this may cause anaemia .

Vitamin deficiency Vitamin deficiency can only be properly diagnosed and treated by a doctor , but there are certain fairly obvious signs which should be noted , bearing in mind that an old person who is obese can still be suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiency through eating the wrong kinds of food .
vitamin [lack/shortage] vitamin [lack/shortage] can only be properly diagnosed and treated by a doctor , but there are certain fairly obvious signs which should be noted , bearing in mind that an old person who is obese can still be suffering from malnutrition and vitamin [lack/shortage] through eating the wrong kinds of food .

Iron deficiency — anaemia — sometimes causes nails to turn upwards and then flake , so you may not be getting enough iron ( found in red meat , eggs , and green veg ) .
iron [lack/shortage] — anaemia — sometimes causes nails to turn upwards and then flake , so you may not be getting enough iron ( found in red meat , eggs , and green veg ) .

This is a much more subtle ( though politically more contentious ) diagnosis that those which rest on notions of teacher burnout or personality deficiency and which individualize professional failure and blame individual teachers for it ( or those who train and employ them ) .
this is a much more subtle ( though politically more contentious ) diagnosis that those which rest on notions of teacher burnout or personality [lack/shortage] and which individualize professional failure and blame individual teachers for it ( or those who train and employ them ) .

Whatever the exchange rate , foreign suppliers were benefiting from a lack of domestic manufacturing capacity , a deficiency which was a direct result of Britain 's comparatively low level of productivity .
whatever the exchange rate , foreign suppliers were benefiting from a lack of domestic manufacturing capacity , a [lack/shortage] which was a direct result of britain 's comparatively low level of productivity .

Or was there a deficiency in his make-up in the maleness of him ?
or was there a [lack/shortage] in his make-up in the maleness of him ?

Recognising the problems associated with calcium deficiency facing women particularly , English Grains Healthcare formulated a dietary supplement called Calcia to ensure your calcium intake keeps pace with your body 's needs .
recognising the problems associated with calcium [lack/shortage] facing women particularly , english grains healthcare formulated a dietary supplement called calcia to ensure your calcium intake keeps pace with your body 's needs .

The Committee felt that it was their duty to state that in their opinion , before the whole building was completely furnished and every necessary article provided , the total deficiency would not amount to less than £1,000 ‘ Many opulent individuals of the County have hitherto withheld their contributions ; but application by letter has been made to them all ; and no doubt can be entertained by your Committee of their ultimate assistance and support .
the committee felt that it was their duty to state that in their opinion , before the whole building was completely furnished and every necessary article provided , the total [lack/shortage] would not amount to less than £1,000 ‘ many opulent individuals of the county have hitherto withheld their contributions ; but application by letter has been made to them all ; and no doubt can be entertained by your committee of their ultimate assistance and support .

Unfortunately , this is not quite true , we can — and it is possible to overfeed one or other of the three main elements and so cause what is called an ‘ induced deficiency , of the other two .
unfortunately , this is not quite true , we can — and it is possible to overfeed one or other of the three main elements and so cause what is called an ‘ induced [lack/shortage] , of the other two .

Spectacular cures for iron deficiency are possible with iron sulphate , but the safest way to use it is as a very weak solution — no more that can be heaped on a 1p coin in a full gallon of water — mist-sprayed on just enough to make the leaves glisten , not drench and drip .
spectacular cures for iron [lack/shortage] are possible with iron sulphate , but the safest way to use it is as a very weak solution — no more that can be heaped on a 1p coin in a full gallon of water — mist-sprayed on just enough to make the leaves glisten , not drench and drip .

Serious iron deficiency is most likely to occur in chalky soils where , although iron may well be present , lime locks on to it in a chemical combination that then makes it unavailable to plant uptake .
serious iron [lack/shortage] is most likely to occur in chalky soils where , although iron may well be present , lime locks on to it in a chemical combination that then makes it unavailable to plant uptake .

Deficiency of sufficiently diachronic facts ironically testifies to the tremendous selective advantage language must have conferred upon its users .
[lack/shortage] of sufficiently diachronic facts ironically testifies to the tremendous selective advantage language must have conferred upon its users .

The alleged deficiency is compensated for by a neurologically based preference for Chomskian grammars .
the alleged [lack/shortage] is compensated for by a neurologically based preference for chomskian grammars .

Any attempt to grapple with a holist theory will therefore have to separate its holist character from its other features , and especially where a theory is weak , it will be important to see whether the deficiency is the result of its being holist , or is due to something else .
any attempt to grapple with a holist theory will therefore have to separate its holist character from its other features , and especially where a theory is weak , it will be important to see whether the [lack/shortage] is the result of its being holist , or is due to something else .

For the truth of God in the power of the Spirit can shed light and liberate where the simple recognition of fault or personal deficiency lacks power for transformation .
for the truth of god in the power of the spirit can shed light and liberate where the simple recognition of fault or personal [lack/shortage] lacks power for transformation .

Even more surprising there are no stars : a deficiency which today usually condemns a climb to total obscurity .
even more surprising there are no stars : a [lack/shortage] which today usually condemns a climb to total obscurity .

This can be seen as physiological immaturity or a deficiency in learning where the child has not learned the series of conditioned reflexes necessary for achieving bladder control .
this can be seen as physiological immaturity or a [lack/shortage] in learning where the child has not learned the series of conditioned reflexes necessary for achieving bladder control .

Alkalinity , though tolerated rather better than acidity , increases the toxicity of ammonia and reduces the availability to fish of essential mineral elements such as iron and copper ( in the case of iron a deficiency could produce anaemia ) .
alkalinity , though tolerated rather better than acidity , increases the toxicity of ammonia and reduces the availability to fish of essential mineral elements such as iron and copper ( in the case of iron a [lack/shortage] could produce anaemia ) .

This has been reinforced by the idea that the menopause is a ‘ deficiency disease ’ , indicated by the reduced level of oestrogen in the body .
this has been reinforced by the idea that the menopause is a ‘ [lack/shortage] disease ’ , indicated by the reduced level of oestrogen in the body .

Potassium deficiency can also cause muscle weakness , but is perhaps more significantly linked with its effect on the mind , and in particular with both depression and mental confusion .
potassium [lack/shortage] can also cause muscle weakness , but is perhaps more significantly linked with its effect on the mind , and in particular with both depression and mental confusion .

Calcium deficiency can lead to osteoporosis , common in older people , which resembles the loss of bone that appears to be a universal phenomenon of ageing ( Exton-Smith , 1971 ) .
calcium [lack/shortage] can lead to osteoporosis , common in older people , which resembles the loss of bone that appears to be a universal phenomenon of ageing ( exton-smith , 1971 ) .

If dietary deficiency seems to be a factor , the counsellor should be able to help the counsellee ascertain which factors in the diet might be contributing to poor health , perhaps in consultation with the books mentioned above , or with a nutritionist or dietitian .
if dietary [lack/shortage] seems to be a factor , the counsellor should be able to help the counsellee ascertain which factors in the diet might be contributing to poor health , perhaps in consultation with the books mentioned above , or with a nutritionist or dietitian .

Where this is the case there will be a need to remedy the deficiency as quickly as possible , and thereafter to seek to improve the individual 's eating habits by careful discussion and support .
where this is the case there will be a need to remedy the [lack/shortage] as quickly as possible , and thereafter to seek to improve the individual 's eating habits by careful discussion and support .

Or is it an illness with nutritional deficiency at its root ?
or is it an illness with nutritional [lack/shortage] at its root ?

Absorption of vital minerals can be affected with many consequences to both physical and mental health , notably through vitamin deficiency .
absorption of vital minerals can be affected with many consequences to both physical and mental health , notably through vitamin [lack/shortage] .

It can lead to cirrhosis of the liver , hypocalcaemia ( a deficiency of calcium in the blood ) leading to osteoporosis , cardiomyopathy ( a chronic disorder of the heart muscle ) , and many other disorders .
it can lead to cirrhosis of the liver , hypocalcaemia ( a [lack/shortage] of calcium in the blood ) leading to osteoporosis , cardiomyopathy ( a chronic disorder of the heart muscle ) , and many other disorders .

Folate deficiency causes anaemia , but occasionally is associated with neural tube defects such as spina bifida .
folate [lack/shortage] causes anaemia , but occasionally is associated with neural tube defects such as spina bifida .

The company was compulsorily wound up after trading for 10 months with a deficiency of around £150,000 .
the company was compulsorily wound up after trading for 10 months with a [lack/shortage] of around £150,000 .

Regulations have now been issued to improve disclosures by trustees of pension funds and to provide that a deficiency in a pension scheme that is wound up becomes the debt of the employer ( p 111 ) .
regulations have now been issued to improve disclosures by trustees of pension funds and to provide that a [lack/shortage] in a pension scheme that is wound up becomes the debt of the employer ( p 111 ) .

Nutritional deficiency
nutritional [lack/shortage]

Fitness was , as ever , a big problem and is a deficiency which will not be easily made up during the Championship .
fitness was , as ever , a big problem and is a [lack/shortage] which will not be easily made up during the championship .

Unfortunately for Brooks , the potential market share for the Beast is likely to be about as high as that enjoyed by the Land Rover , which is really a function of its specialist design rather than any deficiency in the shoe .
unfortunately for brooks , the potential market share for the beast is likely to be about as high as that enjoyed by the land rover , which is really a function of its specialist design rather than any [lack/shortage] in the shoe .

To get the best of a player like Back you have to develop the back row around him , to make the most of his speed and to cover his natural deficiency at the line-out .
to get the best of a player like back you have to develop the back row around him , to make the most of his speed and to cover his natural [lack/shortage] at the line-out .

The big deficiency was in the front five where the Irish scrum gradually disintegrated .
the big [lack/shortage] was in the front five where the irish scrum gradually disintegrated .

These unnatural cravings , called pica , may indicate a dietary mineral deficiency and are very rare .
these unnatural cravings , called pica , may indicate a dietary mineral [lack/shortage] and are very rare .

Anaemia , caused by iron deficiency , also makes hair sparser .
anaemia , caused by iron [lack/shortage] , also makes hair sparser .

The aim of the regulator is to minimise the chances of a recurrence of the deficiency .
the aim of the regulator is to minimise the chances of a recurrence of the [lack/shortage] .

Matthew suffered from Severe Combined Deficiency Syndrome , which left him open to any infection .
matthew suffered from severe combined [lack/shortage] syndrome , which left him open to any infection .

The management accounts to 31 October 1989 revealed a net deficiency of £166,000 , the annual turnover being some £1.7m .
the management accounts to 31 october 1989 revealed a net [lack/shortage] of £166,000 , the annual turnover being some £1.7m .

In view of the relative neglect of women in studies of redundancy , this was an unfortunate deficiency ( see Daniel 1972 ; Barron and Norris 1978 ) .
in view of the relative neglect of women in studies of redundancy , this was an unfortunate [lack/shortage] ( see daniel 1972 ; barron and norris 1978 ) .

( Perhaps this shows a deficiency in the section Preparing for Bed and Coping with the Night !
( perhaps this shows a [lack/shortage] in the section preparing for bed and coping with the night !

9.1.1 undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of all technical information provided by it pursuant to this Agreement . In the event of any error or other deficiency therein being notified to it , or coming to its notice , it will use all reasonable endeavours to supply the appropriate corrections within a reasonable time
9.1.1 undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of all technical information provided by it pursuant to this agreement . in the event of any error or other [lack/shortage] therein being notified to it , or coming to its notice , it will use all reasonable endeavours to supply the appropriate corrections within a reasonable time

Doctors soon discovered that these men did indeed have an underlying deficiency of their immune system , but they had no idea what was causing it .
doctors soon discovered that these men did indeed have an underlying [lack/shortage] of their immune system , but they had no idea what was causing it .

One six year old painted a picture of a strawberry in a murky green in spite of the bright red of the original fruit , and it is usually the red/green part of the spectrum that is affected , although blue/yellow deficiency may occur or there may even be a total loss of colour perception .
one six year old painted a picture of a strawberry in a murky green in spite of the bright red of the original fruit , and it is usually the red/green part of the spectrum that is affected , although blue/yellow [lack/shortage] may occur or there may even be a total loss of colour perception .

These can be very painful at times and also cause photophobia and a deficiency in the vision .
these can be very painful at times and also cause photophobia and a [lack/shortage] in the vision .

Entitled ‘ Towards a humane , democratic socialism ’ , the Declaration insisted , as Gorbachev had done , that the origins of Soviet difficulties were to be found , not in any deficiency of the socialist idea itself , but in the deformations to which it had been subjected in the past .
entitled ‘ towards a humane , democratic socialism ’ , the declaration insisted , as gorbachev had done , that the origins of soviet difficulties were to be found , not in any [lack/shortage] of the socialist idea itself , but in the deformations to which it had been subjected in the past .

However , an inquiry by the Agricultural Advisory Council in 1973 revealed that the use of artificial fertilizer and the deficiency of organic matter in light sandy soils increased the risk of wind erosion in parts of the Midlands and East Anglia .
however , an inquiry by the agricultural advisory council in 1973 revealed that the use of artificial fertilizer and the [lack/shortage] of organic matter in light sandy soils increased the risk of wind erosion in parts of the midlands and east anglia .

The main deficiency of such approaches , however , is that they locate the ‘ problem of disability ’ in the individual and in the effectivity or otherwise of her/his adjustment to a set of beliefs , values and practices which are taken for granted .
the main [lack/shortage] of such approaches , however , is that they locate the ‘ problem of disability ’ in the individual and in the effectivity or otherwise of her/his adjustment to a set of beliefs , values and practices which are taken for granted .

This has now been officially recognised and it is expected that extra student places will be provided to make up the deficiency .
this has now been officially recognised and it is expected that extra student places will be provided to make up the [lack/shortage] .

The inevitable reduction in the amount of time likely to be given to singing challenges the Church to remedy this deficiency .
the inevitable reduction in the amount of time likely to be given to singing challenges the church to remedy this [lack/shortage] .

It can be argued that this failure to look at higher education may be the result of a deficiency in feminist theory about education — that feminists ( and , indeed , other educational theorists ) have difficulty in theorizing the role of higher education in the reproduction of inequality .
it can be argued that this failure to look at higher education may be the result of a [lack/shortage] in feminist theory about education — that feminists ( and , indeed , other educational theorists ) have difficulty in theorizing the role of higher education in the reproduction of inequality .

Such ineffectiveness , it was usually argued , had nothing to do with any deficiency in antiracist strategy or method .
such ineffectiveness , it was usually argued , had nothing to do with any [lack/shortage] in antiracist strategy or method .

Lack of proper food led to much illness among seamen , both directly and in deficiency diseases such as scurvy and beri-beri and indirectly by reducing their resistance to other ailments .
lack of proper food led to much illness among seamen , both directly and in [lack/shortage] diseases such as scurvy and beri-beri and indirectly by reducing their resistance to other ailments .

Man works far below his capacity ; some writers have put a figure on the deficiency but it is of little value to you to make quantitative estimates .
man works far below his capacity ; some writers have put a figure on the [lack/shortage] but it is of little value to you to make quantitative estimates .

This deficiency is recognised , not only by you but by the body of lecturers themselves and by the college authorities .
this [lack/shortage] is recognised , not only by you but by the body of lecturers themselves and by the college authorities .

Most failures in examinations are due not to a deficiency of knowledge but chiefly to lack of familiarity with the techniques of playing the examination game .
most failures in examinations are due not to a [lack/shortage] of knowledge but chiefly to lack of familiarity with the techniques of playing the examination game .

They share this deficiency with squirrels , dogs and many other mammals , which naturally have only two pigments and have difficulty distinguishing between reds and greens .
they share this [lack/shortage] with squirrels , dogs and many other mammals , which naturally have only two pigments and have difficulty distinguishing between reds and greens .

the amount of any deficiency on a current funding level basis , indicating the action , if any , being taken to deal with it in the current and future accounting periods .
the amount of any [lack/shortage] on a current funding level basis , indicating the action , if any , being taken to deal with it in the current and future accounting periods .

( d ) comments on any material actuarial surplus or deficiency indicated by ( c ) above
( d ) comments on any material actuarial surplus or [lack/shortage] indicated by ( c ) above

Where a company or group has more than one pension scheme , disclose details on a combined basis , where possible , except that a deficiency of funding in one scheme should not be offset against a surplus in another scheme .
where a company or group has more than one pension scheme , disclose details on a combined basis , where possible , except that a [lack/shortage] of funding in one scheme should not be offset against a surplus in another scheme .

No deficiency developed , which is just as well because zinc has important functions influencing sex hormone and sperm production , resistance to infection and appetite .
no [lack/shortage] developed , which is just as well because zinc has important functions influencing sex hormone and sperm production , resistance to infection and appetite .

Again , no deficiency developed and this fall was almost certainly caused by the reduced intake of green vegetables , a major source of magnesium , and the increased losses from the body that can occur with alcohol and coffee consumption .
again , no [lack/shortage] developed and this fall was almost certainly caused by the reduced intake of green vegetables , a major source of magnesium , and the increased losses from the body that can occur with alcohol and coffee consumption .

This small fall did not produce a deficiency which anyway is rare in the well-fed normal population .
this small fall did not produce a [lack/shortage] which anyway is rare in the well-fed normal population .

Your score will give some idea as to the likelihood of having a deficiency of vitamins and minerals .
your score will give some idea as to the likelihood of having a [lack/shortage] of vitamins and minerals .

If there is a deficiency it is important that it is corrected by good diet and appropriate nutritional supplements .
if there is a [lack/shortage] it is important that it is corrected by good diet and appropriate nutritional supplements .

The signs of iron deficiency are a sore tongue , recurrent mouth ulcers , cracking at the corners of the mouth , flattening of the normal curve of the finger or thumb nails , and a pale complexion due to anaemia .
the signs of iron [lack/shortage] are a sore tongue , recurrent mouth ulcers , cracking at the corners of the mouth , flattening of the normal curve of the finger or thumb nails , and a pale complexion due to anaemia .

It is difficult to test reliably for chromium deficiency , as most laboratories are not equipped to perform accurate tests .
it is difficult to test reliably for chromium [lack/shortage] , as most laboratories are not equipped to perform accurate tests .

Deficiency of fat-soluble vitamins is quite rare , as the body stores them in the liver and other organs .
[lack/shortage] of fat-soluble vitamins is quite rare , as the body stores them in the liver and other organs .

You would have to eat a very poor diet , lose a lot of weight , or be very ill for any serious deficiency to occur .
you would have to eat a very poor diet , lose a lot of weight , or be very ill for any serious [lack/shortage] to occur .

The water-soluble vitamins , however , are not usually stored in the body in any great amount , so deficiency can develop within a few weeks or months if the diet is poor .
the water-soluble vitamins , however , are not usually stored in the body in any great amount , so [lack/shortage] can develop within a few weeks or months if the diet is poor .

Again , deficiency is rare and occurs only in very ill people , newborn children , or those on prolonged courses of antibiotics .
again , [lack/shortage] is rare and occurs only in very ill people , newborn children , or those on prolonged courses of antibiotics .

Deficiency can produce poor memory , mental deterioration , mood changes , painful weak muscles , and nerve and heart damage .
[lack/shortage] can produce poor memory , mental deterioration , mood changes , painful weak muscles , and nerve and heart damage .

Deficiency of either of these two vitamins can produce anaemia and nerve damage .
[lack/shortage] of either of these two vitamins can produce anaemia and nerve damage .

If you are dieting in the long term , you may need to take multi-vitamin/multi-mineral supplement ( e.g. Diet Balance ) — if you need to be on a weight-loss programme for more than 10 weeks , or if you have to rely on prepared reduced-calorie meals , and especially if you have any of the signs of vitamin or mineral deficiency .
if you are dieting in the long term , you may need to take multi-vitamin/multi-mineral supplement ( e.g. diet balance ) — if you need to be on a weight-loss programme for more than 10 weeks , or if you have to rely on prepared reduced-calorie meals , and especially if you have any of the signs of vitamin or mineral [lack/shortage] .

Light deficiency .
light [lack/shortage] .

We have to identify the factors other than usurious interest rates and deficiency of aggregate demand which can make investment projects unattractive to enterprises .
we have to identify the factors other than usurious interest rates and [lack/shortage] of aggregate demand which can make investment projects unattractive to enterprises .

More often , their fanaticism is explained in term of some kind of personal deficiency .
more often , their fanaticism is explained in term of some kind of personal [lack/shortage] .

The very phrase ‘ toxic mix ’ , with its pseudo-scientific ring , indicates another major deficiency in the orthodox account .
the very phrase ‘ toxic mix ’ , with its pseudo-scientific ring , indicates another major [lack/shortage] in the orthodox account .

It replaced the term ‘ subnormality ’ , which itself replaced ‘ mental deficiency ’ as the formal description of a wide range of conditions in which some degree of subnormal intelligence is the only common factor .
it replaced the term ‘ subnormality ’ , which itself replaced ‘ mental [lack/shortage] ’ as the formal description of a wide range of conditions in which some degree of subnormal intelligence is the only common factor .

Their powers were laid down by the old Lunacy and Mental Deficiency Acts , which were concerned with the definition , ascertainment and committal of mentally disordered persons as well as with the administration of the services .
their powers were laid down by the old lunacy and mental [lack/shortage] acts , which were concerned with the definition , ascertainment and committal of mentally disordered persons as well as with the administration of the services .

In 1954 a Royal Commission was set up to investigate and its Report on the Law Relating to Mental Illness and Mental Deficiency , published in 1957 , was followed by the 1959 Mental Health Act .
in 1954 a royal commission was set up to investigate and its report on the law relating to mental illness and mental [lack/shortage] , published in 1957 , was followed by the 1959 mental health act .

For example , the 1959 Mental Health Act consolidated prior policy of informality of treatment and community care for the mentally disordered , following the report of the Royal Commission on Mental Illness and Mental Deficiency in 1957 .
for example , the 1959 mental health act consolidated prior policy of informality of treatment and community care for the mentally disordered , following the report of the royal commission on mental illness and mental [lack/shortage] in 1957 .

adhesion molecule deficiency
adhesion molecule [lack/shortage]

The Bernard-Soulier syndrome entails a deficiency of the non-integrin platelet adhesion receptor GPIb/IX and von Willebrand 's disease abnormalities of von Willebrand factor .
the bernard-soulier syndrome entails a [lack/shortage] of the non-integrin platelet adhesion receptor gpib/ix and von willebrand 's disease abnormalities of von willebrand factor .

1808 " It having been Represented to this Meeting that the Fund for raising the Militia men by a Publick Box was found Inadequate to raise the men , of course the Funds were found deficient by one Hundered and eight pounds 14/- … this Meeting consider themselves bound to advance upon this Deficiency the one half … The Heritors they conceive will pay the other half … " " The Meeting Judge it proper and Expedient to appoint a Committee to investigate into the Deficiency in Militia Funds . "
1808 " it having been represented to this meeting that the fund for raising the militia men by a publick box was found inadequate to raise the men , of course the funds were found deficient by one hundered and eight pounds 14/- … this meeting consider themselves bound to advance upon this [lack/shortage] the one half … the heritors they conceive will pay the other half … " " the meeting judge it proper and expedient to appoint a committee to investigate into the [lack/shortage] in militia funds . "

Readers generally have very bad habits `` , Nizan remarks.a And yet , and this is crucial , Nizan does not equate a tendency towards evasion and self-indulgence with intellectual inadequacy or critical deficiency . ``
readers generally have very bad habits `` , nizan remarks.a and yet , and this is crucial , nizan does not equate a tendency towards evasion and self-indulgence with intellectual inadequacy or critical [lack/shortage] . ``

Acute haemolysis induced by high dose ascorbic acid in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency
acute haemolysis induced by high dose ascorbic acid in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase [lack/shortage]

High dose ascorbic acid can cause haemolysis in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency .
high dose ascorbic acid can cause haemolysis in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase [lack/shortage] .

We could find no reference to caution in people at risk of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency .
we could find no reference to caution in people at risk of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase [lack/shortage] .

However , there were no other factors in our patient to account for the acute haemolytic episode , and ascorbic acid induced haemolysis in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency has been reported .
however , there were no other factors in our patient to account for the acute haemolytic episode , and ascorbic acid induced haemolysis in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase [lack/shortage] has been reported .

But no recipe for remedying the perceived deficiency was offered .
but no recipe for remedying the perceived [lack/shortage] was offered .

Nature : Mondays at 8pm. 2nd , Greenpeace : Has ‘ green fatigue ’ set in , and is this the fault of the message or the messenger ? 9th , Down All the Way : More than one billion dollars is being spent developing the Alps for the coming Winter Olympics , but at what cost to the environment ? 16th , ( last in series ) : In Bangladesh , the lives of thousands of children are blighted by iodine deficiency .
nature : mondays at 8pm. 2nd , greenpeace : has ‘ green fatigue ’ set in , and is this the fault of the message or the messenger ? 9th , down all the way : more than one billion dollars is being spent developing the alps for the coming winter olympics , but at what cost to the environment ? 16th , ( last in series ) : in bangladesh , the lives of thousands of children are blighted by iodine [lack/shortage] .

Sufferers from alcoholism or other forms of addiction in recovery through Alcoholics or Narcotics Anonymous or other Anonymous Fellowships show no deficiency of will in comparison with the non-addictive population .
sufferers from alcoholism or other forms of addiction in recovery through alcoholics or narcotics anonymous or other anonymous fellowships show no [lack/shortage] of will in comparison with the non-addictive population .

( 11 ) If a licensing board is not elected at the time at which it ought to be elected , or an insufficient number of members is elected for a board , the Secretary of State may by order provide for the holding of an election or elections for supplying such fault or deficiency in election at such times and in such manner as he may think expedient .
( 11 ) if a licensing board is not elected at the time at which it ought to be elected , or an insufficient number of members is elected for a board , the secretary of state may by order provide for the holding of an election or elections for supplying such fault or [lack/shortage] in election at such times and in such manner as he may think expedient .

Poor-quality eggshells indicate insufficient deposition of calcium and this deficiency was shown to have arisen because of increased soil acidification .
poor-quality eggshells indicate insufficient deposition of calcium and this [lack/shortage] was shown to have arisen because of increased soil acidification .

Women 's discourse may only be a flawed copy of its male counterpart , but , as Irigaray shows , women can use this apparent deficiency to their advantage by allowing the ‘ bad copy ’ to become a subversive caricature in which the difference between the double and the ‘ original ’ reveals the gender bias underlying male discourse and ( male ) subjectivity ( 1977:73–4 ) .
women 's discourse may only be a flawed copy of its male counterpart , but , as irigaray shows , women can use this apparent [lack/shortage] to their advantage by allowing the ‘ bad copy ’ to become a subversive caricature in which the difference between the double and the ‘ original ’ reveals the gender bias underlying male discourse and ( male ) subjectivity ( 1977:73–4 ) .

The major age accelerators are thought to be stress , inactivity , chemical pollution , exposure to harmful sun-rays , cigarette smoking , alcohol and a deficiency of the essential nutrients .
the major age accelerators are thought to be stress , inactivity , chemical pollution , exposure to harmful sun-rays , cigarette smoking , alcohol and a [lack/shortage] of the essential nutrients .

The linguistic skills where a deficiency is most frequently cited are :
the linguistic skills where a [lack/shortage] is most frequently cited are :

The debate progressed to a recognition of the importance of diet deficiency , linked to poverty .
the debate progressed to a recognition of the importance of diet [lack/shortage] , linked to poverty .

‘ There 's never been a great woman composer , ’ said my mother with an air of triumph , not because she delighted in this deficiency of her sex , but because she thought it percipient to have noticed .
‘ there 's never been a great woman composer , ’ said my mother with an air of triumph , not because she delighted in this [lack/shortage] of her sex , but because she thought it percipient to have noticed .

Warr 's third and comparably fine pamphlet , The Corruption and Deficiency of the Laws of England , published later in 1649 , develops the widespread critique of the legal system as an expensive snare .
warr 's third and comparably fine pamphlet , the corruption and [lack/shortage] of the laws of england , published later in 1649 , develops the widespread critique of the legal system as an expensive snare .

For ten years he combined his work at the hospital with a specialist practice in mental deficiency at Earlswood .
for ten years he combined his work at the hospital with a specialist practice in mental [lack/shortage] at earlswood .

Down was one of the outstanding medical students of his generation , and his decision to work in the neglected and perhaps despised field of mental deficiency was courageous .
down was one of the outstanding medical students of his generation , and his decision to work in the neglected and perhaps despised field of mental [lack/shortage] was courageous .

The third response is more enlightened and less grounded in the liberal fixation with genetic and pathological explanations of deficiency when it comes to deprivation .
the third response is more enlightened and less grounded in the liberal fixation with genetic and pathological explanations of [lack/shortage] when it comes to deprivation .

First , they depend upon a pathological view of unemployment : that is , it is implicit that ‘ being unemployed ’ is indicative , at least in part , of some personality deficiency or lack of ability or drive ( cf .
first , they depend upon a pathological view of unemployment : that is , it is implicit that ‘ being unemployed ’ is indicative , at least in part , of some personality [lack/shortage] or lack of ability or drive ( cf .

Although study of the past can be useful for extrapolation into the future it is also imperative that investigation of contemporary processes is undertaken to assist understanding of the way in which environment operates now , operated in the past , and may operate in the future . Studies of processes were undertaken to remedy what many physical geographers perceived to be a deficiency and in doing so it was necessary to overcome considerable resistance such as that in geomorphology where Wooldridge ( 1958 , p. 31 ) avowed :
although study of the past can be useful for extrapolation into the future it is also imperative that investigation of contemporary processes is undertaken to assist understanding of the way in which environment operates now , operated in the past , and may operate in the future . studies of processes were undertaken to remedy what many physical geographers perceived to be a [lack/shortage] and in doing so it was necessary to overcome considerable resistance such as that in geomorphology where wooldridge ( 1958 , p. 31 ) avowed :

First there were a series of general review papers sometimes based on inaugural or presidential addresses and these included a review of Man and the Natural Environment ( Wilkinson , 1963 ) ; advocacy of the need for study of anthropogeomorphology because of the earlier deficiency of studies of the form-creating activity of man and of the influence of man in natural phenomena ( Fels , 1965 ) ; and a revival of the title used by Sherlock for a review by Jennings ( 1966 ) in which he stressed that ‘ Man as a Geological Agent ’ is significant because studies of contemporary processes are nearly always heavily biased by anthropogenic effects .
first there were a series of general review papers sometimes based on inaugural or presidential addresses and these included a review of man and the natural environment ( wilkinson , 1963 ) ; advocacy of the need for study of anthropogeomorphology because of the earlier [lack/shortage] of studies of the form-creating activity of man and of the influence of man in natural phenomena ( fels , 1965 ) ; and a revival of the title used by sherlock for a review by jennings ( 1966 ) in which he stressed that ‘ man as a geological agent ’ is significant because studies of contemporary processes are nearly always heavily biased by anthropogenic effects .

As the literature available was not entirely adequate for the new acceptance of the significance of human activity , the deficiency was remedied first by a series of collected readings ( Coates , 1972 , 1973 ) and Coates ( 1973 , p. 3 ) noted :
as the literature available was not entirely adequate for the new acceptance of the significance of human activity , the [lack/shortage] was remedied first by a series of collected readings ( coates , 1972 , 1973 ) and coates ( 1973 , p. 3 ) noted :

Similarly , in the need for institutional change study it was clear that need for change has two distinct components : the deficiency level of some institutional subsystem , and its importance to the system as a whole .
similarly , in the need for institutional change study it was clear that need for change has two distinct components : the [lack/shortage] level of some institutional subsystem , and its importance to the system as a whole .

Some would argue that the major deficiency in the green form scheme is that it is administered through solicitors and must , therefore , share the same unattractiveness to some members of the public .
some would argue that the major [lack/shortage] in the green form scheme is that it is administered through solicitors and must , therefore , share the same unattractiveness to some members of the public .

The experts would say that he had died from suboxia — oxygen deficiency brought about in this case , Wycliffe believed , by a virulent poison .
the experts would say that he had died from suboxia — oxygen [lack/shortage] brought about in this case , wycliffe believed , by a virulent poison .

The Trust was started in 1974 by Shirley Nolan whose son Anthony , died in 1979 , aged 7 , of an immune deficiency disease , without a matching donor being found .
the trust was started in 1974 by shirley nolan whose son anthony , died in 1979 , aged 7 , of an immune [lack/shortage] disease , without a matching donor being found .

Under-reporting can cause a serious deficiency in the gathering of necessary information and makes it less likely that anything will be done to improve the situation .
under-reporting can cause a serious [lack/shortage] in the gathering of necessary information and makes it less likely that anything will be done to improve the situation .

7.6.3.3 some defect or deficiency in the site upon which the rebuilding or reinstatement is to take place [ would render the same impossible or would mean that the same could only be undertaken at a cost that would be unreasonable in all the circumstances ]
7.6.3.3 some defect or [lack/shortage] in the site upon which the rebuilding or reinstatement is to take place [ would render the same impossible or would mean that the same could only be undertaken at a cost that would be unreasonable in all the circumstances ]

Under s16 of the Legal Aid Act 1988 , if the Legal Aid Board suffers a deficiency in respect of an assisted person 's proceedings ( ie they have paid more to the assisted person 's legal advisers than they have received by way of costs from the other side and from contributions paid ) the statutory charge may attach to money or property " recovered " or " preserved " that has been " in issue " in the course of proceedings .
under s16 of the legal aid act 1988 , if the legal aid board suffers a [lack/shortage] in respect of an assisted person 's proceedings ( ie they have paid more to the assisted person 's legal advisers than they have received by way of costs from the other side and from contributions paid ) the statutory charge may attach to money or property " recovered " or " preserved " that has been " in issue " in the course of proceedings .

Hence , if a lump sum is recovered over £2,500 the charge will attach to the balance and the Legal Aid Board can seek immediate repayment of its deficiency from that .
hence , if a lump sum is recovered over £2,500 the charge will attach to the balance and the legal aid board can seek immediate repayment of its [lack/shortage] from that .

If an assessment reveals that a 5 year supply of land in line with structure and local plan policies is not available , the authorities concerned should take immediate steps , consistent with those policies , to make up the deficiency .
if an assessment reveals that a 5 year supply of land in line with structure and local plan policies is not available , the authorities concerned should take immediate steps , consistent with those policies , to make up the [lack/shortage] .

Action by the monetary and fiscal authorities may succeed in relaxing the constraints imposed on the behaviour of the private sector by a deficiency of aggregate demand .
action by the monetary and fiscal authorities may succeed in relaxing the constraints imposed on the behaviour of the private sector by a [lack/shortage] of aggregate demand .

In Lucas 's model a deficiency of aggregate demand can never occur since markets always clear .
in lucas 's model a [lack/shortage] of aggregate demand can never occur since markets always clear .

The origins of Keynesian unemployment must be traced , not to wrong relative prices — specifically to a wrong real wage — but to a deficiency of aggregate demand .
the origins of keynesian unemployment must be traced , not to wrong relative prices — specifically to a wrong real wage — but to a [lack/shortage] of aggregate demand .

But the reasons were not entirely those of restlessness and imaginative deficiency .
but the reasons were not entirely those of restlessness and imaginative [lack/shortage] .

And oxygen deficiency during the foetal stage may inhibit brain development and size at birth , with or without other defect .
and oxygen [lack/shortage] during the foetal stage may inhibit brain development and size at birth , with or without other defect .

There is a great deal of evidence and experience as to the effects of anoxia ( oxygen deficiency ) in the later foetal stage or at birth in the incidence of mental subnormality and cerebral palsy .
there is a great deal of evidence and experience as to the effects of anoxia ( oxygen [lack/shortage] ) in the later foetal stage or at birth in the incidence of mental subnormality and cerebral palsy .

It might be reasonable to expect that some deficiency in parental relationships — and hence , some in all relationships — might ensue and it certainly is apparent in some cases of sexual relationship dysfunction .
it might be reasonable to expect that some [lack/shortage] in parental relationships — and hence , some in all relationships — might ensue and it certainly is apparent in some cases of sexual relationship dysfunction .

The rather naive young man had been totally misled about what his needs should be — and , in addition , had some qualms as to the size of his penis which raised doubt in his mind as to whether the imagined deficiency was affecting sexual satisfaction for them both ( see page 77 ) .
the rather naive young man had been totally misled about what his needs should be — and , in addition , had some qualms as to the size of his penis which raised doubt in his mind as to whether the imagined [lack/shortage] was affecting sexual satisfaction for them both ( see page 77 ) .

They know that any shortfall in product quality or deficiency in service is a competitive opportunity .
they know that any shortfall in product quality or [lack/shortage] in service is a competitive opportunity .

Since they are not produced by the body , we must get them from our diet and a deficiency in one can lead to an impairment in others .
since they are not produced by the body , we must get them from our diet and a [lack/shortage] in one can lead to an impairment in others .

This gave him all the honour 's lands in Richmondshire except , it seems the castle itself , a deficiency made good in 1478 .
this gave him all the honour 's lands in richmondshire except , it seems the castle itself , a [lack/shortage] made good in 1478 .

In part this was simply no longer necessary , but it also represents a shift of royal policy , and members of the family without an adequate endowment did not have the deficiency made good .
in part this was simply no longer necessary , but it also represents a shift of royal policy , and members of the family without an adequate endowment did not have the [lack/shortage] made good .

The anaemia may be exacerbated by the presence of folate deficiency .
the anaemia may be exacerbated by the presence of folate [lack/shortage] .

Judges initially were not amenable and denied sellers certain rights both to repossession and to sue for the deficiency .
judges initially were not amenable and denied sellers certain rights both to repossession and to sue for the [lack/shortage] .

Many cases are likewise brought into court , where , on account of the trivial nature of the offence imputed , or the deficiency of proof adduced , prosecutions are undesirable … Policemen assume the functions of public prosecutors ; a practice liable to abuse .
many cases are likewise brought into court , where , on account of the trivial nature of the offence imputed , or the [lack/shortage] of proof adduced , prosecutions are undesirable … policemen assume the functions of public prosecutors ; a practice liable to abuse .

There may often be a good case for conviction , and no deficiency of evidence , yet acquittal ensues because the prosecutor , acting without advice , is not sufficiently informed as to the precise nature of the proof required by law .
there may often be a good case for conviction , and no [lack/shortage] of evidence , yet acquittal ensues because the prosecutor , acting without advice , is not sufficiently informed as to the precise nature of the proof required by law .

The fallibility of all knowledge is not a sign of its deficiency but rather an essential characteristic of knowledge , for every knowledge claim is part of a system of signs that is open to further interpretation and has consequences that are to be publicly tested and confirmed .
the fallibility of all knowledge is not a sign of its [lack/shortage] but rather an essential characteristic of knowledge , for every knowledge claim is part of a system of signs that is open to further interpretation and has consequences that are to be publicly tested and confirmed .

Other groups with possible relative deficiency would be those with malabsorption and acute or chronic infection .
other groups with possible relative [lack/shortage] would be those with malabsorption and acute or chronic infection .

The Royal Commission on Mental Illness and Mental Deficiency introduced the concept of guardianship , and the Mental Health Act 1959 gave the guardian wide powers of control .
the royal commission on mental illness and mental [lack/shortage] introduced the concept of guardianship , and the mental health act 1959 gave the guardian wide powers of control .

Relatively weak primary and community based health and social care , and a deficiency of nursing homes and residential care for the elderly
relatively weak primary and community based health and social care , and a [lack/shortage] of nursing homes and residential care for the elderly

Phenylketonuria due to phenylalanine hydroxylase deficiency : an unfolding story
phenylketonuria due to phenylalanine hydroxylase [lack/shortage] : an unfolding story

Phenylketonuria ( persistent hyperphenylalaninaemia > 240 µmol/l , relative tyrosine deficiency , and excretion of an excess of phenylketones ) occurs in approximately one in 10 000 births in the United Kingdom .
phenylketonuria ( persistent hyperphenylalaninaemia > 240 µmol/l , relative tyrosine [lack/shortage] , and excretion of an excess of phenylketones ) occurs in approximately one in 10 000 births in the united kingdom .

Except for 1–2 % of subjects with defective metabolism of tetrahydrobiopterin , these infants have a recessively inherited deficiency in the hepatic enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase .
except for 1–2 % of subjects with defective metabolism of tetrahydrobiopterin , these infants have a recessively inherited [lack/shortage] in the hepatic enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase .

It has long been known that phenylalanine hydroxylase deficiency exhibits a wide and continuous range of clinical and biochemical severity , varying from a symptomless disorder with phenylalanine accumulation only just greater than in obligate heterozygotes to a severely handicapping condition with plasma phenylalanine concentrations over 20 times normal .
it has long been known that phenylalanine hydroxylase [lack/shortage] exhibits a wide and continuous range of clinical and biochemical severity , varying from a symptomless disorder with phenylalanine accumulation only just greater than in obligate heterozygotes to a severely handicapping condition with plasma phenylalanine concentrations over 20 times normal .

The enzyme deficiency varies from absence of detectable activity to a residual activity of up to 25 % or more .
the enzyme [lack/shortage] varies from absence of detectable activity to a residual activity of up to 25 % or more .

The scale of the amine abnormality is proportional to the degree of hyperphenylalaninaemia and probably depends on the combined effects of competitive inhibition of tyrosine and tryptophan hydroxylases ( by phenylalanine ) and a deficiency of the amino acid substrates for these enzymes .
the scale of the amine abnormality is proportional to the degree of hyperphenylalaninaemia and probably depends on the combined effects of competitive inhibition of tyrosine and tryptophan hydroxylases ( by phenylalanine ) and a [lack/shortage] of the amino acid substrates for these enzymes .

Transient deterioration in neuropsychological function has been shown convincingly during short periods of experimental hyperphenylalaninaemia , and it has been argued that the changes may be due to neurotransmitter deficiency .
transient deterioration in neuropsychological function has been shown convincingly during short periods of experimental hyperphenylalaninaemia , and it has been argued that the changes may be due to neurotransmitter [lack/shortage] .

And the increasing use of charters in lawcourts naturally created an incentive to forge , as those who had lost or never enjoyed documentary proof of their rights strove to make good the deficiency .
and the increasing use of charters in lawcourts naturally created an incentive to forge , as those who had lost or never enjoyed documentary proof of their rights strove to make good the [lack/shortage] .

An ambition to become a pilot was foiled by an eye-sight deficiency .
an ambition to become a pilot was foiled by an eye-sight [lack/shortage] .

Like the head , he saw the lack of a librarian as a serious deficiency and gave priority to the securing of someone to `` manage `` the library ( and assume responsibility for the part-time assistant ) .
like the head , he saw the lack of a librarian as a serious [lack/shortage] and gave priority to the securing of someone to `` manage `` the library ( and assume responsibility for the part-time assistant ) .

Nurse managers used to overcome their service deficiency by utilising learners to fill the gaps .
nurse managers used to overcome their service [lack/shortage] by utilising learners to fill the gaps .

However , another case of a child brought up in semi-isolation illustrates how unusual behaviour patterns would seem to be the product of minimal socialisation rather than the result of any inherent deficiency or abnormality .
however , another case of a child brought up in semi-isolation illustrates how unusual behaviour patterns would seem to be the product of minimal socialisation rather than the result of any inherent [lack/shortage] or abnormality .

And yet it Ackroyd 's love for Dickens which is this book 's only substantial deficiency .
and yet it ackroyd 's love for dickens which is this book 's only substantial [lack/shortage] .

Freinkel likened the environment of later gestation to a culture medium and coined the expression ‘ fuel mediated teratogenesis ’ for the longer range metabolic disturbance of middle life which he foresaw might result from the excess or deficiency of certain ‘ culture ’ nutrients essential for normal fetal growth .
freinkel likened the environment of later gestation to a culture medium and coined the expression ‘ fuel mediated teratogenesis ’ for the longer range metabolic disturbance of middle life which he foresaw might result from the excess or [lack/shortage] of certain ‘ culture ’ nutrients essential for normal fetal growth .

Carol Gilligan 's research , which focused on the distinctively female moral dilemma of an abortion-decision , suggested that what was emerging here was not a moral deficiency of women but a ‘ different voice ’ on morality .
carol gilligan 's research , which focused on the distinctively female moral dilemma of an abortion-decision , suggested that what was emerging here was not a moral [lack/shortage] of women but a ‘ different voice ’ on morality .

This deficiency proved fatal when the dollar faced a prolonged confidence crisis in the early 1970s .
this [lack/shortage] proved fatal when the dollar faced a prolonged confidence crisis in the early 1970s .

Iron deficiency anaemia — how far to investigate ?
iron [lack/shortage] anaemia — how far to investigate ?

Since 1980 investgations , by this group , of patients with iron deficiency anaemia and no obvious cause , have been limited to upper gastrointestinal endoscopy , with small bowel biopsy , and barium enema .
since 1980 investgations , by this group , of patients with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia and no obvious cause , have been limited to upper gastrointestinal endoscopy , with small bowel biopsy , and barium enema .

Ten patients had died all unrelated to the iron deficiency anaemia .
ten patients had died all unrelated to the iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

Iron deficiency anaemia is a very common condition in general medical practice .
iron [lack/shortage] anaemia is a very common condition in general medical practice .

We know the yield of routine investigations in iron deficiency anaemia but do not know the outcome in those with no detected cause .
we know the yield of routine investigations in iron [lack/shortage] anaemia but do not know the outcome in those with no detected cause .

To determine the outcome and to assess how safe this approach is we have followed up 93 consecutive patients presenting between 1980 and 1988 with iron deficiency anaemia in whom the above investigations were negative .
to determine the outcome and to assess how safe this approach is we have followed up 93 consecutive patients presenting between 1980 and 1988 with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia in whom the above investigations were negative .

Records were kept from 1980 of all patients , referred to one physician , with iron deficiency anaemia , in whom a cause was not established after upper gastrointestinal endoscopy , small bowel biopsy , and barium enema .
records were kept from 1980 of all patients , referred to one physician , with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia , in whom a cause was not established after upper gastrointestinal endoscopy , small bowel biopsy , and barium enema .

Iron deficiency anaemia was defined as a haemoglobin concentration below 11.5 g/dl for women and 13.8 g/dl for men , a mean corpuscular volume below 80 fl and , where available , a ferritin less than 13 ng/l .
iron [lack/shortage] anaemia was defined as a haemoglobin concentration below 11.5 g/dl for women and 13.8 g/dl for men , a mean corpuscular volume below 80 fl and , where available , a ferritin less than 13 ng/l .

In none was the cause thought to be related to iron deficiency .
in none was the cause thought to be related to iron [lack/shortage] .

This study suggests that extensive investigation to establish a precise cause for obscure iron deficiency anaemia is not necessary if upper gastrointestinal endoscopy , small bowel biopsy , and barium enema are normal .
this study suggests that extensive investigation to establish a precise cause for obscure iron [lack/shortage] anaemia is not necessary if upper gastrointestinal endoscopy , small bowel biopsy , and barium enema are normal .

The need for sigmoidoscopy in patients with obscure iron deficiency anaemia is contentious .
the need for sigmoidoscopy in patients with obscure iron [lack/shortage] anaemia is contentious .

We have yet to see a patient whose iron deficiency arose from a problem in the rectum or lower sigmoid in the absence of observed rectal bleeding , a change of bowel habit , or abnormality on digital examination .
we have yet to see a patient whose iron [lack/shortage] arose from a problem in the rectum or lower sigmoid in the absence of observed rectal bleeding , a change of bowel habit , or abnormality on digital examination .

Many departments of radiology require a sigmoidoscopy before a barium enema , but this seems to be an unnecessary constraint when the indication for the barium enema is simply iron deficiency and when there are no symptoms of rectal disease .
many departments of radiology require a sigmoidoscopy before a barium enema , but this seems to be an unnecessary constraint when the indication for the barium enema is simply iron [lack/shortage] and when there are no symptoms of rectal disease .

The need for routine small bowel biopsy might be questioned but during this study two to three cases of coeliac disease were diagnosed each year among the patients investigated for iron deficiency anaemia .
the need for routine small bowel biopsy might be questioned but during this study two to three cases of coeliac disease were diagnosed each year among the patients investigated for iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

One surprising finding emerging from this study is the existence of a common but unrecognised entity — transient cryptogenic iron deficiency anaemia .
one surprising finding emerging from this study is the existence of a common but unrecognised entity — transient cryptogenic iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

Patients with suspected iron deficiency anaemia account for some four per cent of the patients referred to our gastroenterology clinic .
patients with suspected iron [lack/shortage] anaemia account for some four per cent of the patients referred to our gastroenterology clinic .

The first step in the investigation of these patients is to confirm the presence of iron deficiency .
the first step in the investigation of these patients is to confirm the presence of iron [lack/shortage] .

The next is to find out if the deficiency is a result of gastrointestinal blood loss or malabsorption .
the next is to find out if the [lack/shortage] is a result of gastrointestinal blood loss or malabsorption .

Menorrhagia is the major non-gastrointestinal cause of blood loss while dietary deficiency may be the sole cause or a contributing factor to the anaemia .
menorrhagia is the major non-gastrointestinal cause of blood loss while dietary [lack/shortage] may be the sole cause or a contributing factor to the anaemia .

In the Western world , the most important cause of iron deficiency anaemia secondaty to gastrointestinal blood loss is carcinima of the colon .
in the western world , the most important cause of iron [lack/shortage] anaemia secondaty to gastrointestinal blood loss is carcinima of the colon .

Most tumours presenting with iron deficiency anaemia are found on the right side of the colon .
most tumours presenting with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia are found on the right side of the colon .

Bleeding adenomata can present with iron deficiency anaemia and should be resected .
bleeding adenomata can present with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia and should be resected .

Angiodysplasia is commonly found in elderly patients with chronic gastrointestinal bleeding leading to iron deficiency .
angiodysplasia is commonly found in elderly patients with chronic gastrointestinal bleeding leading to iron [lack/shortage] .

Hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia often presents with iron deficiency anaemia although it can be usually diagnosed on clinical examination .
hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia often presents with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia although it can be usually diagnosed on clinical examination .

Crohn 's disease is often associated with iron deficiency anaemia .
crohn 's disease is often associated with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

Therefore sigmoidoscopy should be mandatory as part of the investigation of patients with iron deficiency anaemia .
therefore sigmoidoscopy should be mandatory as part of the investigation of patients with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

Severe erosive oesophagitis may be a cause of iron deficiency anaemia but hiatus hernia alone seems unlikely to cause iron deficiency anaemia .
severe erosive oesophagitis may be a cause of iron [lack/shortage] anaemia but hiatus hernia alone seems unlikely to cause iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

Iron deficiency may thus be found in postgastrectomy patients or patients with untreated coeliac disease .
iron [lack/shortage] may thus be found in postgastrectomy patients or patients with untreated coeliac disease .

It is important to remember that coeliac disease can present at any age and that iron deficiency anaemia may be the only presenting symptom .
it is important to remember that coeliac disease can present at any age and that iron [lack/shortage] anaemia may be the only presenting symptom .

Although few patients under investigation for iron deficiency anaemia will be found to have bleeding from the small intestine , these lesions can be difficult to find and therefore a disproportionate amount of time is spent in investigating these patients .
although few patients under investigation for iron [lack/shortage] anaemia will be found to have bleeding from the small intestine , these lesions can be difficult to find and therefore a disproportionate amount of time is spent in investigating these patients .

For patients who are bleeding acutely technetium-labelled red cell isotope scans or technetium-labelled sulphur colloid scans may provide additional information but when the rate of bleeding is slow , as in most patients with iron deficiency anaemia , these investigations are not helpful .
for patients who are bleeding acutely technetium-labelled red cell isotope scans or technetium-labelled sulphur colloid scans may provide additional information but when the rate of bleeding is slow , as in most patients with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia , these investigations are not helpful .

Earlier detection of carcinoma of the bowel by the use of faecal occult blood screening tests should reduce the number of these patients presenting with iron deficiency anaemia .
earlier detection of carcinoma of the bowel by the use of faecal occult blood screening tests should reduce the number of these patients presenting with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

This gave him all the honour 's lands in Richmondshire except , it seems the castle itself , a deficiency made good in 1478 .
this gave him all the honour 's lands in richmondshire except , it seems the castle itself , a [lack/shortage] made good in 1478 .

In part this was simply no longer necessary , but it also represents a shift of royal policy , and members of the family without an adequate endowment did not have the deficiency made good .
in part this was simply no longer necessary , but it also represents a shift of royal policy , and members of the family without an adequate endowment did not have the [lack/shortage] made good .

Also , essential fatty acid deficiency diminishes acute inflammation and improves experimental colitis in rats .
also , essential fatty acid [lack/shortage] diminishes acute inflammation and improves experimental colitis in rats .

Despite this deficiency the splendour of the interior is apparent .
despite this [lack/shortage] the splendour of the interior is apparent .

The major deficiency in the Academy plan is the assumption that science suffers from the end of the Cold War .
the major [lack/shortage] in the academy plan is the assumption that science suffers from the end of the cold war .

According to a recent issue of the Turkish journal Economy , 40 out of every 1000 infants born in the country die from dietary deficiency and malnutrition .
according to a recent issue of the turkish journal economy , 40 out of every 1000 infants born in the country die from dietary [lack/shortage] and malnutrition .

There is a positive association between thyroid cancer and parity , and an association between breast cancer and thyroid deficiency has likewise been recognised clinically .
there is a positive association between thyroid cancer and parity , and an association between breast cancer and thyroid [lack/shortage] has likewise been recognised clinically .

The consequences of starvation depend on the type of dietary deficiency from which it arises .
the consequences of starvation depend on the type of dietary [lack/shortage] from which it arises .

Dietary deficiency , low circulating oestrogens , hypercortisolism , laxative misuse , and disturbed acid-base balance are thought to be responsible .
dietary [lack/shortage] , low circulating oestrogens , hypercortisolism , laxative misuse , and disturbed acid-base balance are thought to be responsible .

Thin sections of the first and third molars allowed him to demonstrate in roughly half the skeletons the residual lesions of sunlight deficiency rickets that had developed between infancy and age ten .
thin sections of the first and third molars allowed him to demonstrate in roughly half the skeletons the residual lesions of sunlight [lack/shortage] rickets that had developed between infancy and age ten .

If an unexpected event occurs , such as unforeseen ground conditions of the recognition of a deficiency in design information , steps must be taken immediately to respond to the event and to minimize its effects .
if an unexpected event occurs , such as unforeseen ground conditions of the recognition of a [lack/shortage] in design information , steps must be taken immediately to respond to the event and to minimize its effects .

The research to be undertaken will attempt to remedy this deficiency .
the research to be undertaken will attempt to remedy this [lack/shortage] .

Some observers see this as a deficiency : others maintain that effective control over use of police powers must necessarily involve day-to-day supervision .
some observers see this as a [lack/shortage] : others maintain that effective control over use of police powers must necessarily involve day-to-day supervision .

The project is intended to remedy this deficiency by examining the use made of mathematical statistics , and particularly of their application in sampling , in the production of Soviet official socio-economic data .
the project is intended to remedy this [lack/shortage] by examining the use made of mathematical statistics , and particularly of their application in sampling , in the production of soviet official socio-economic data .

There is still a deficiency in the method .
there is still a [lack/shortage] in the method .

Taking , firstly , class-based urban and regional sociology on its own terms , social and spatial mobility is a major deficiency .
taking , firstly , class-based urban and regional sociology on its own terms , social and spatial mobility is a major [lack/shortage] .

Some , it was said , even put out silk weighed damp so that when the finished stockings were weighed dry they could claim a deficiency .
some , it was said , even put out silk weighed damp so that when the finished stockings were weighed dry they could claim a [lack/shortage] .

Machinery overcame this skill deficiency , and did so while bringing constantly falling costs .
machinery overcame this skill [lack/shortage] , and did so while bringing constantly falling costs .

This measure is an attempt to overcome the deficiency of the relative growth rates discussed above .
this measure is an attempt to overcome the [lack/shortage] of the relative growth rates discussed above .

There are an estimated 400 million people suffering from iodine deficiency , which can damage the foetus .
there are an estimated 400 million people suffering from iodine [lack/shortage] , which can damage the foetus .

The third great deficiency of the Maastricht treaty — again one that Britain , to its discredit , helped to create — is its entirely inadequate response to the democratic deficit in Europe .
the third great [lack/shortage] of the maastricht treaty — again one that britain , to its discredit , helped to create — is its entirely inadequate response to the democratic deficit in europe .

The second deficiency concerned adequacy .
the second [lack/shortage] concerned adequacy .

We regularly discuss this matter with the Republic of Ireland , as any deficiency on its part would hurt us , too .
we regularly discuss this matter with the republic of ireland , as any [lack/shortage] on its part would hurt us , too .

’ Cornelius 's voice was suddenly harsh , as if a pupil 's essay had revealed a deficiency of logic .
’ cornelius 's voice was suddenly harsh , as if a pupil 's essay had revealed a [lack/shortage] of logic .

As its title indicates , Principles of Literary Criticism sets out to remedy this deficiency , by developing a systematic theoretical framework within which criticism can be properly conducted .
as its title indicates , principles of literary criticism sets out to remedy this [lack/shortage] , by developing a systematic theoretical framework within which criticism can be properly conducted .

He signed up for a ten-week ‘ twilight ’ course in order to ‘ remedy this deficiency ’ .
he signed up for a ten-week ‘ twilight ’ course in order to ‘ remedy this [lack/shortage] ’ .

Such cropmarks occur because soil moisture deficiency in gravel subsoils shows up the earlier features .
such cropmarks occur because soil moisture [lack/shortage] in gravel subsoils shows up the earlier features .

the checking procedures were inadequate and failed to reveal the design deficiency .
the checking procedures were inadequate and failed to reveal the design [lack/shortage] .

The manager , knowing what a big and steady account he had in Stevenson 's , wrote a polite , almost obsequious letter , drawing their attention to the deficiency ; but he allowed the payment .
the manager , knowing what a big and steady account he had in stevenson 's , wrote a polite , almost obsequious letter , drawing their attention to the [lack/shortage] ; but he allowed the payment .

2.2 The law relating to leases does not suffer from the same deficiency . For this reason , long leases have become the usual way of owning individual flats and other properties with shared facilities …
2.2 the law relating to leases does not suffer from the same [lack/shortage] . for this reason , long leases have become the usual way of owning individual flats and other properties with shared facilities …

The plaintiff was born prematurely and suffered from an oxygen deficiency .
the plaintiff was born prematurely and suffered from an oxygen [lack/shortage] .

But the average degree of deficiency was relatively small .
but the average degree of [lack/shortage] was relatively small .

In years of scarcity , therefore , the miners faced not only enhanced prices but a real deficiency in supply as the activities of agents buying for London increased and as farmers displayed an increasing preference for selling in large quantities rather than piecemeal in local markets .
in years of scarcity , therefore , the miners faced not only enhanced prices but a real [lack/shortage] in supply as the activities of agents buying for london increased and as farmers displayed an increasing preference for selling in large quantities rather than piecemeal in local markets .

To appreciate his achievement , we must bear in mind that in his time Europe in general and Germany in particular had remarkably little awareness of Greece or Greek culture as distinctive entities , and insufficient enthusiasm for things Greek ( as opposed to things Greco-Roman ) to feel such unawareness as a deficiency .
to appreciate his achievement , we must bear in mind that in his time europe in general and germany in particular had remarkably little awareness of greece or greek culture as distinctive entities , and insufficient enthusiasm for things greek ( as opposed to things greco-roman ) to feel such unawareness as a [lack/shortage] .

If this were to be the case then no deficiency `` at all would be noticed in the behaviour of the funnel .
if this were to be the case then no [lack/shortage] `` at all would be noticed in the behaviour of the funnel .

There was severe hypoalbuminaemia ( serum albumin 14 g/l ) and iron deficiency anaemia ( total iron 1.4 umol/l , Hb 69 g/l ) .
there was severe hypoalbuminaemia ( serum albumin 14 g/l ) and iron [lack/shortage] anaemia ( total iron 1.4 umol/l , hb 69 g/l ) .

The remainder comprised three patients with iron deficiency , one with carcinomatosis , two with oral amphthous ulceration , two normal subjects considered to have been incorrectly diagnosed with gluten sensitivity as children , one patient with mild microscopic colitis , one patient with giardiasis , and two seemingly normal relatives of patients with coeliac disease .
the remainder comprised three patients with iron [lack/shortage] , one with carcinomatosis , two with oral amphthous ulceration , two normal subjects considered to have been incorrectly diagnosed with gluten sensitivity as children , one patient with mild microscopic colitis , one patient with giardiasis , and two seemingly normal relatives of patients with coeliac disease .

It is not uncommon , however , for these patients to present initially with watery diarrhoea and lower abdominal pain which together may suggest a colonic based pathology , especially if other clues like iron deficiency , folate deficiency , or features of splenic atrophy are either not immediately evident , or overlooked .
it is not uncommon , however , for these patients to present initially with watery diarrhoea and lower abdominal pain which together may suggest a colonic based pathology , especially if other clues like iron [lack/shortage] , folate [lack/shortage] , or features of splenic atrophy are either not immediately evident , or overlooked .

The prolonged oesophageal acid exposure seen in patients with hiatus hernia is because of reduced acid clearance but it is only seen in patients with lower oesophageal sphincter deficiency .
the prolonged oesophageal acid exposure seen in patients with hiatus hernia is because of reduced acid clearance but it is only seen in patients with lower oesophageal sphincter [lack/shortage] .

Before primary gall stones form , there must be at least a triple defect : ( i ) the secretion of bile that is supersaturated with cholesterol , ( ii ) a nucleation defect due to an excess of promotors or a deficiency of inhibitors of crystallisation , or both , and ( iii ) stasis within the gall bladder secondary to impaired gall bladder motor function .
before primary gall stones form , there must be at least a triple defect : ( i ) the secretion of bile that is supersaturated with cholesterol , ( ii ) a nucleation defect due to an excess of promotors or a [lack/shortage] of inhibitors of crystallisation , or both , and ( iii ) stasis within the gall bladder secondary to impaired gall bladder motor function .

One hundred and twenty three children with cryptosporidiosis and no clinical evidence of immune deficiency were identified .
one hundred and twenty three children with cryptosporidiosis and no clinical evidence of immune [lack/shortage] were identified .

In contrast with our results , these studies describe a pattern of essential fatty acid deficiency , probably related to malabsorption .
in contrast with our results , these studies describe a pattern of essential fatty acid [lack/shortage] , probably related to malabsorption .

Prospective survey of investigations in outpatients referred with iron deficiency anaemia
prospective survey of investigations in outpatients referred with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia

Recent evidence has suggested that colonic neoplasm may be missed in patients presenting with iron deficiency anaemia unless colonic investigations are performed on all patients even when an alternative cause has been found .
recent evidence has suggested that colonic neoplasm may be missed in patients presenting with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia unless colonic investigations are performed on all patients even when an alternative cause has been found .

This study prospectively surveyed 114 consecutive patients referred from family practitioners to an outpatient clinic for the investigation of iron deficiency anaemia to determine the diagnoses contributing to the anaemia , the usefulness of certain clinical features , and the role of colonic and other investigations in obtaining the diagnosis .
this study prospectively surveyed 114 consecutive patients referred from family practitioners to an outpatient clinic for the investigation of iron [lack/shortage] anaemia to determine the diagnoses contributing to the anaemia , the usefulness of certain clinical features , and the role of colonic and other investigations in obtaining the diagnosis .

Iron deficiency anaemia is commonly caused by chronic blood loss from the gastrointestinal tract .
iron [lack/shortage] anaemia is commonly caused by chronic blood loss from the gastrointestinal tract .

As a result of this study full colonic assessment seemed to be required in patients with iron deficiency anaemia regardless of the findings of upper gastrointestinal investigations .
as a result of this study full colonic assessment seemed to be required in patients with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia regardless of the findings of upper gastrointestinal investigations .

The need to investigate the colon in outpatients referred with iron deficiency anaemia has not previously been assessed .
the need to investigate the colon in outpatients referred with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia has not previously been assessed .

This study aimed to assess the frequency of finding unsuspected colonic neoplasia in patients with an upper gastrointestinal cause for anaemia , and also to assess the usefulness of individual investigations and clinical findings in outpatients referred with iron deficiency anaemia .
this study aimed to assess the frequency of finding unsuspected colonic neoplasia in patients with an upper gastrointestinal cause for anaemia , and also to assess the usefulness of individual investigations and clinical findings in outpatients referred with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

The results of investigations in all patients referred by family practitioners to a medical gastroenterology outpatient clinic for the investigation of iron deficiency anaemia were prospectively collected over a 17 month period .
the results of investigations in all patients referred by family practitioners to a medical gastroenterology outpatient clinic for the investigation of iron [lack/shortage] anaemia were prospectively collected over a 17 month period .

One hundred and fourteen patients were referred for the investigation of iron deficiency anaemia .
one hundred and fourteen patients were referred for the investigation of iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

None the less iron deficiency was proved in 63 of 111 patients ( serum iron < 11 µmol/l with iron binding capacity > 72 % or ferritin < 15 µg/l , or both ) .
none the less iron [lack/shortage] was proved in 63 of 111 patients ( serum iron < 11 µmol/l with iron binding capacity > 72 % or ferritin < 15 µg/l , or both ) .

Forty three patients had partially treated iron deficiency with a typical blood film and microcytosis ( mean cell volume < 76 fl ) or iron , iron binding capacity or ferritin , or all four at the extremes of the normal range and a response to iron treatment .
forty three patients had partially treated iron [lack/shortage] with a typical blood film and microcytosis ( mean cell volume < 76 fl ) or iron , iron binding capacity or ferritin , or all four at the extremes of the normal range and a response to iron treatment .

Iron deficiency was not proved in five patients who were found to have duodenal ulcer , myelomatosis , giardiasis with partial villous atrophy , hepatocellular carcinoma , and menorrhagia .
iron [lack/shortage] was not proved in five patients who were found to have duodenal ulcer , myelomatosis , giardiasis with partial villous atrophy , hepatocellular carcinoma , and menorrhagia .

This survey had audited the investigations and diagnoses in patients with iron deficiency anaemia referred to a gastroenterology outpatients by family practitioners .
this survey had audited the investigations and diagnoses in patients with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia referred to a gastroenterology outpatients by family practitioners .

The comparative merits of barium enema examination and colonoscopy in the investigation of iron deficiency anaemia have not been assessed in this study .
the comparative merits of barium enema examination and colonoscopy in the investigation of iron [lack/shortage] anaemia have not been assessed in this study .

The rather low sensitivity of symptoms relating to upper gastrointestinal disease suggests that endoscopy should be performed on all patients with iron deficiency anaemia .
the rather low sensitivity of symptoms relating to upper gastrointestinal disease suggests that endoscopy should be performed on all patients with iron [lack/shortage] anaemia .

This survey also allowed us to analyse the usefulness of investigations in iron deficiency anaemia in outpatients .
this survey also allowed us to analyse the usefulness of investigations in iron [lack/shortage] anaemia in outpatients .

The coeliac patients were compared with a third group of 17 children ( mean age 9.7 , range 3–10 years , girls : boys 1.4:1 ) with various diseases or symptoms , such as chronic abdominal pain ( n=8 ) , failure to thrive ( n=6 ) , peptic ulcer ( n=2 ) , and immune deficiency ( n=1 ) .
the coeliac patients were compared with a third group of 17 children ( mean age 9.7 , range 3–10 years , girls : boys 1.4:1 ) with various diseases or symptoms , such as chronic abdominal pain ( n=8 ) , failure to thrive ( n=6 ) , peptic ulcer ( n=2 ) , and immune [lack/shortage] ( n=1 ) .

Despite the fact that carnitine has not been studied in coeliac disease patients in other geographical areas and dietary carnitine was not studied in our population , it seems that this population does not have nutritional carnitine deficiency .
despite the fact that carnitine has not been studied in coeliac disease patients in other geographical areas and dietary carnitine was not studied in our population , it seems that this population does not have nutritional carnitine [lack/shortage] .

Regardless of whether the mechanism of absorption is active or passive , the decrease in absorptive surface area , such as occurs in coeliac disease patients , predisposes these patients to carnitine deficiency .
regardless of whether the mechanism of absorption is active or passive , the decrease in absorptive surface area , such as occurs in coeliac disease patients , predisposes these patients to carnitine [lack/shortage] .

Furthermore , carnitine deficiency secondary to poor dietary intake or abnormal intestinal absorption suggests that exogenous carnitine is important in maintaining body carnitine equilibrium .
furthermore , carnitine [lack/shortage] secondary to poor dietary intake or abnormal intestinal absorption suggests that exogenous carnitine is important in maintaining body carnitine equilibrium .

The insufficiency of long chain fatty acid assimilation in carnitine deficiency may produce lack of energy , weakness , difficulties in gaining weight , and muscular hypotonia .
the insufficiency of long chain fatty acid assimilation in carnitine [lack/shortage] may produce lack of energy , weakness , difficulties in gaining weight , and muscular hypotonia .

Myopathy , non-ketotic hypoglycemia , disturbed liver functions and encephalopathy , which are clinical features of carnitine deficiency , are also among the rare extraintestinal manifestations of coeliac disease .
myopathy , non-ketotic hypoglycemia , disturbed liver functions and encephalopathy , which are clinical features of carnitine [lack/shortage] , are also among the rare extraintestinal manifestations of coeliac disease .

Candidate factors include an episode of hyperpermeability , nutrient deficiency , increased dietary gluten , impaired intraluminal digestion of ingested gluten , adjuvant effects of intestinal infection and a non-HLA associated gene .
candidate factors include an episode of hyperpermeability , nutrient [lack/shortage] , increased dietary gluten , impaired intraluminal digestion of ingested gluten , adjuvant effects of intestinal infection and a non-hla associated gene .

and a slight deficiency in the blood ,
and a slight [lack/shortage] in the blood ,

There is still a deficiency in the method .
there is still a [lack/shortage] in the method .

It is seen that a very small change in logical rigour at this point in its range , perhaps a slight deficiency of knowledge in a subject , can have a disproportionate effect on the outcome .
it is seen that a very small change in logical rigour at this point in its range , perhaps a slight [lack/shortage] of knowledge in a subject , can have a disproportionate effect on the outcome .

They would be liable for ‘ any deficiency ’ — including those of third parties -in goods or services provided in connection with the package , and any contract clause limiting liability would be void .
they would be liable for ‘ any [lack/shortage] ’ — including those of third parties -in goods or services provided in connection with the package , and any contract clause limiting liability would be void .

If a surfeit or deficiency of electrons occurs , the atom becomes electrically charged , negative and positive .
if a surfeit or [lack/shortage] of electrons occurs , the atom becomes electrically charged , negative and positive .

This deficiency is frequently obvious in foals whose dams have not been fed sufficient calcium , and the foals may have dramatic leg defects as a result .
this [lack/shortage] is frequently obvious in foals whose dams have not been fed sufficient calcium , and the foals may have dramatic leg defects as a result .

Nor can the horse hear so much when stabled , although some people try and overcome this deficiency by leaving a radio playing all day in the stable for the horse 's benefit .
nor can the horse hear so much when stabled , although some people try and overcome this [lack/shortage] by leaving a radio playing all day in the stable for the horse 's benefit .

But what function had the saints in heaven if not to make good the deficiency ?
but what function had the saints in heaven if not to make good the [lack/shortage] ?

After all , you have managed to survive for years without suffering from severe vitamin deficiency — scurvy , rickets , or such things .
after all , you have managed to survive for years without suffering from severe vitamin [lack/shortage] — scurvy , rickets , or such things .

It is just possible that a diet too low in certain foods will produce iron and calcium deficiency .
it is just possible that a diet too low in certain foods will produce iron and calcium [lack/shortage] .

If there is a slight deficiency of iron in the diet this adversely affects the amount of oxygen available to body tissues ; you feel sluggish and tired , and this is usually termed anaemia .
if there is a slight [lack/shortage] of iron in the diet this adversely affects the amount of oxygen available to body tissues ; you feel sluggish and tired , and this is usually termed anaemia .

As an alternative to foreclosure , the court may direct a sale of the property , and this may be fairer to both parties , since any surplus upon such sale will belong to the mortgagor , while the mortgagee may still sue for any deficiency .
as an alternative to foreclosure , the court may direct a sale of the property , and this may be fairer to both parties , since any surplus upon such sale will belong to the mortgagor , while the mortgagee may still sue for any [lack/shortage] .

All the self-squandering and deficiency of lifeskills that animated The Birthday Party and The Fall , The Smiths turned into brilliant , glamorous , consumable pop , two minute bursts of otherness in the heart of the charts .
all the self-squandering and [lack/shortage] of lifeskills that animated the birthday party and the fall , the smiths turned into brilliant , glamorous , consumable pop , two minute bursts of otherness in the heart of the charts .

Nick Cave is afflicted and empowered by a certain , crucial deficiency of humanity .
nick cave is afflicted and empowered by a certain , crucial [lack/shortage] of humanity .

This deficiency he shared with a whole crew of leaders of third-world or so-called ‘ non-aligned ’ countries , who like him had gained power because they were against foreign rulers , not because they had any idea of what to put in place of foreign rule .
this [lack/shortage] he shared with a whole crew of leaders of third-world or so-called ‘ non-aligned ’ countries , who like him had gained power because they were against foreign rulers , not because they had any idea of what to put in place of foreign rule .

The British Medical Association led an attack on the eugenists for confusing undesirable behaviour with mental deficiency and for advocating sterilisation of the feeble-minded .
the british medical association led an attack on the eugenists for confusing undesirable behaviour with mental [lack/shortage] and for advocating sterilisation of the feeble-minded .

The ‘ crucial differences ’ between the British and German trees , said Redfern at the Edinburgh meeting , was that there was ‘ no needle yellowing ’ and especially no magnesium deficiency .
the ‘ crucial differences ’ between the british and german trees , said redfern at the edinburgh meeting , was that there was ‘ no needle yellowing ’ and especially no magnesium [lack/shortage] .

It is obvious from the above figures , that in a year of minimum rainfall there is an overall deficiency .
it is obvious from the above figures , that in a year of minimum rainfall there is an overall [lack/shortage] .

Assuming the reservoirs to be full at the beginning of June , the absolute minimum capacity required would be the deficiency of 55,937,000 cu .
assuming the reservoirs to be full at the beginning of june , the absolute minimum capacity required would be the [lack/shortage] of 55,937,000 cu .

Transferring shifts the person to a job where they can capitalize on some especially strong or unusual skill or where their particular deficiency will not really matter .
transferring shifts the person to a job where they can capitalize on some especially strong or unusual skill or where their particular [lack/shortage] will not really matter .

The list you have just looked at is designed to help you identify any deficiency you may have .
the list you have just looked at is designed to help you identify any [lack/shortage] you may have .

Check the vitamin/mineral list ( page 9 ) , as a deficiency in one of these can cause sleep problems .
check the vitamin/mineral list ( page 9 ) , as a [lack/shortage] in one of these can cause sleep problems .

He prayed he might be forgiven whatever deficiency in him had contributed to her waywardness .
he prayed he might be forgiven whatever [lack/shortage] in him had contributed to her waywardness .

However , it is not a problem of calcium deficiency ; eating extra milk or cheese does n't help the condition .
however , it is not a problem of calcium [lack/shortage] ; eating extra milk or cheese does n't help the condition .

Spot the mineral deficiency The older leaves on my potato plants are distinctly yellowing , with brown spots and marking too .
spot the mineral [lack/shortage] the older leaves on my potato plants are distinctly yellowing , with brown spots and marking too .

It looks like magnesium deficiency , which is very common on sandy and light soils , where the nutrient is quickly leached away .
it looks like magnesium [lack/shortage] , which is very common on sandy and light soils , where the nutrient is quickly leached away .

This deficiency should n't affect the yield and tends to look more serious than it actually is .
this [lack/shortage] should n't affect the yield and tends to look more serious than it actually is .

This will take care of any probable calcium deficiency too .
this will take care of any probable calcium [lack/shortage] too .

Plants under stress from drought , disease or nutrient deficiency are the most likely to attract insect pests .
plants under stress from drought , disease or nutrient [lack/shortage] are the most likely to attract insect pests .

if the iron deficiency is not remedied the organs of the body may be affected , and when all of these factors are combined the results can be severe , with the person suffering from headaches , insomnia , dizziness , loss of appetite , shortness of breath and reduced resistance to infection .
if the iron [lack/shortage] is not remedied the organs of the body may be affected , and when all of these factors are combined the results can be severe , with the person suffering from headaches , insomnia , dizziness , loss of appetite , shortness of breath and reduced resistance to infection .

The ‘ feeble minded ’ children labelled cretins also suffered from thyroid deficiency , or , usually , from a deficiency of the iodine which is necessary for the gland to function effectively .
the ‘ feeble minded ’ children labelled cretins also suffered from thyroid [lack/shortage] , or , usually , from a [lack/shortage] of the iodine which is necessary for the gland to function effectively .

It occurred mainly in communities with poor diets and was eventually identified as a deficiency disease which could be promptly and completely cured by supplying adequate food .
it occurred mainly in communities with poor diets and was eventually identified as a [lack/shortage] disease which could be promptly and completely cured by supplying adequate food .

But even these valuable works share one major deficiency .
but even these valuable works share one major [lack/shortage] .

Maybe deficiency of income affects health ; but so do housing and the environment , and so do conditions of employment .
maybe [lack/shortage] of income affects health ; but so do housing and the environment , and so do conditions of employment .

However , Lord Marshall 's letter says that because of the Government 's commitment to introduce competition into electricity supply as quickly as possible ‘ alternative arrangements for protecting the security of supply ’ would need to be made , involving a ‘ capacity deficiency scheme ’ .
however , lord marshall 's letter says that because of the government 's commitment to introduce competition into electricity supply as quickly as possible ‘ alternative arrangements for protecting the security of supply ’ would need to be made , involving a ‘ capacity [lack/shortage] scheme ’ .

Under the 1990 legislation , it says , some decoupling is achieved by , for instance , the relatively low levels at which loan rates are to be set , the substantial limitation on the quantities of supported crops that are eligible for the deficiency payments and the limitations placed on changes to the area and yield bases .
under the 1990 legislation , it says , some decoupling is achieved by , for instance , the relatively low levels at which loan rates are to be set , the substantial limitation on the quantities of supported crops that are eligible for the [lack/shortage] payments and the limitations placed on changes to the area and yield bases .

Another possible cause is a condition called corky pit which results from boron deficiency in the soil .
another possible cause is a condition called corky pit which results from boron [lack/shortage] in the soil .

Pitted , corky lesions on apples are sometimes caused by boron deficiency
pitted , corky lesions on apples are sometimes caused by boron [lack/shortage]

Caused by inadequate watering which triggers calcium deficiency .
caused by inadequate watering which triggers calcium [lack/shortage] .

Health Update : Zinc deficiency in pregnancy
health update : zinc [lack/shortage] in pregnancy

There is stronger evidence that a zinc deficiency may cause the foetus to grow slowly in the womb .
there is stronger evidence that a zinc [lack/shortage] may cause the foetus to grow slowly in the womb .

The attempt to remedy this deficiency and achieve a true professionalism may be one reason for the rapid growth of literary theory in the anglophone academy .
the attempt to remedy this [lack/shortage] and achieve a true professionalism may be one reason for the rapid growth of literary theory in the anglophone academy .

It is consonant with the Warnock Report 's recommendation of a broader definition of special educational needs than one based simply on disability or deficiency .
it is consonant with the warnock report 's recommendation of a broader definition of special educational needs than one based simply on disability or [lack/shortage] .

Babies have very immature immune systems and rely upon breast milk to make up for this deficiency as it contains protective factors .
babies have very immature immune systems and rely upon breast milk to make up for this [lack/shortage] as it contains protective factors .

Reports from the Soviet Union itself were also beginning to reveal what appeared to be the latent horrors of the disaster — the large numbers of children born with deformities , the thyroid complaints , the increase in immune deficiency .
reports from the soviet union itself were also beginning to reveal what appeared to be the latent horrors of the disaster — the large numbers of children born with deformities , the thyroid complaints , the increase in immune [lack/shortage] .

Feed manufacturers make up this deficiency in their compound feeds for hard work and stud purposes , ie they ‘ balance ’ the mixture .
feed manufacturers make up this [lack/shortage] in their compound feeds for hard work and stud purposes , ie they ‘ balance ’ the mixture .

In addition , muscles require calcium to work efficiently so a deficiency can cause problems with hard working horses as well .
in addition , muscles require calcium to work efficiently so a [lack/shortage] can cause problems with hard working horses as well .

The result can be a dietary deficiency in the vitamins and minerals essential at all ages for the maintenance of physical and mental health and well-being .
the result can be a dietary [lack/shortage] in the vitamins and minerals essential at all ages for the maintenance of physical and mental health and well-being .

Deficiency of many nutrients if people lose interest in food
[lack/shortage] of many nutrients if people lose interest in food

It could also be that there is a general deficiency of demand for labour throughout the economy , in which case the involuntarily unemployed workers will face fierce competition for the jobs that do become available .
it could also be that there is a general [lack/shortage] of demand for labour throughout the economy , in which case the involuntarily unemployed workers will face fierce competition for the jobs that do become available .

So far in this chapter , we have examined three explanations of unemployment : that it is caused by ‘ natural ’ factors , that it is caused by a general deficiency of aggregate demand and that it is caused by excessive labour costs .
so far in this chapter , we have examined three explanations of unemployment : that it is caused by ‘ natural ’ factors , that it is caused by a general [lack/shortage] of aggregate demand and that it is caused by excessive labour costs .

John Thwaites describes how the Dalesfolk , as in most other situations , organized themselves to cope with the deficiency .
john thwaites describes how the dalesfolk , as in most other situations , organized themselves to cope with the [lack/shortage] .

Certainly the Devon , in the late eighteenth century , was described by William Marshall ( 1796 ) as being ‘ in size somewhat below the desirable point for the heavier works of husbandry ’ , making up for this deficiency with its agility and exertion so that it was regarded as the best worker in Britain .
certainly the devon , in the late eighteenth century , was described by william marshall ( 1796 ) as being ‘ in size somewhat below the desirable point for the heavier works of husbandry ’ , making up for this [lack/shortage] with its agility and exertion so that it was regarded as the best worker in britain .

In particular , the lack of longitudinal studies of older people in Britain is a major deficiency .
in particular , the lack of longitudinal studies of older people in britain is a major [lack/shortage] .

Defreyn et al ( 1981 ) have demonstrated a deficiency of thromboxane formation and platelet aggregation in platelets from a patient with a familial bleeding tendency , thus emphasizing the importance of thromboxane production in the physiology of platelet function .
defreyn et al ( 1981 ) have demonstrated a [lack/shortage] of thromboxane formation and platelet aggregation in platelets from a patient with a familial bleeding tendency , thus emphasizing the importance of thromboxane production in the physiology of platelet function .

These authors , on the basis of these experiments , suggested a primary role for prostacyclin deficiency in the development of atherosclerosis in these animals .
these authors , on the basis of these experiments , suggested a primary role for prostacyclin [lack/shortage] in the development of atherosclerosis in these animals .

The studies discussed so far have dealt with the effects of insulin deficiency in the experimental diabetic rat on prostacyclin production and the effects of insulin treatment .
the studies discussed so far have dealt with the effects of insulin [lack/shortage] in the experimental diabetic rat on prostacyclin production and the effects of insulin treatment .

The species assemblages of Verreaux and spotted eagle owls , tawny owl , kestrel and hen harrier have a deficiency of postcrania , perhaps due to preferential destruction of these elements .
the species assemblages of verreaux and spotted eagle owls , tawny owl , kestrel and hen harrier have a [lack/shortage] of postcrania , perhaps due to preferential destruction of these elements .

Curing the deficiency in this area , thirdly , is the necessary base for a much larger proportion of our age groups than at present ( about 15 % ) to go on to advanced education — in both academic and especially applied studies .
curing the [lack/shortage] in this area , thirdly , is the necessary base for a much larger proportion of our age groups than at present ( about 15 % ) to go on to advanced education — in both academic and especially applied studies .

The absence of such provision has the real result , among others , of a huge deficiency of qualified engineers , designers , technologists and technicians , with extremely damaging consequences for Britain manufacturing and production — and so for the country 's economic prosperity .
the absence of such provision has the real result , among others , of a huge [lack/shortage] of qualified engineers , designers , technologists and technicians , with extremely damaging consequences for britain manufacturing and production — and so for the country 's economic prosperity .

However , there is no provision in the Disclosure Directive for permitting companies who are concerned as to who may be holding their shares ( for example , in the case of an anticipated takeover ) to require holders of voting rights to disclose their interests ; there is therefore no equivalent of a notice under Section 212 of the 1985 Companies Act , and this may prove a deficiency in the new system .
however , there is no provision in the disclosure directive for permitting companies who are concerned as to who may be holding their shares ( for example , in the case of an anticipated takeover ) to require holders of voting rights to disclose their interests ; there is therefore no equivalent of a notice under section 212 of the 1985 companies act , and this may prove a [lack/shortage] in the new system .

then the body should be under no risk of protein deficiency .
then the body should be under no risk of protein [lack/shortage] .

Eggs are the perfect protein , containing all eight essential amino acids , so they can make up for any deficiency that may be caused elsewhere .
eggs are the perfect protein , containing all eight essential amino acids , so they can make up for any [lack/shortage] that may be caused elsewhere .

They are finding definite links between these common conditions and electrolyte imbalance or deficiency .
they are finding definite links between these common conditions and electrolyte imbalance or [lack/shortage] .

Many types of muscle fatigue could be attributed to calcium deficiency .
many types of muscle fatigue could be attributed to calcium [lack/shortage] .

Leobert de Boer has rectified this deficiency , following a workshop in Rotterdam in October 1979 , by editing a volume comprising eight chapters on biochemistry and physiology , five on maintenance and behaviour in captivity and four on ecology , behaviour and conservation in the wild .
leobert de boer has rectified this [lack/shortage] , following a workshop in rotterdam in october 1979 , by editing a volume comprising eight chapters on biochemistry and physiology , five on maintenance and behaviour in captivity and four on ecology , behaviour and conservation in the wild .

Following recent tests with a 176 km/h train , however , the engineers have agree that the speed through bends can be increased to 6 degrees of track tilt — or ‘ cant deficiency ’ , in the railways ' jargon .
following recent tests with a 176 km/h train , however , the engineers have agree that the speed through bends can be increased to 6 degrees of track tilt — or ‘ cant [lack/shortage] ’ , in the railways ' jargon .

The chlorophyll traps make up their electron deficiency by grabbing them from water molecules sited close by .
the chlorophyll traps make up their electron [lack/shortage] by grabbing them from water molecules sited close by .

Enzyme deficiency linked to senile dementia
enzyme [lack/shortage] linked to senile dementia

This deficiency is linked in some way to the death of nerve cells that arise in the forebrain and connect to many regions of the cerebral cortex .
this [lack/shortage] is linked in some way to the death of nerve cells that arise in the forebrain and connect to many regions of the cerebral cortex .

But to say that an immune deficiency here and an immune deficiency there constitutes one or even two closely related diseases is like saying that apples explain oranges merely because both of them contain a number of pips .
but to say that an immune [lack/shortage] here and an immune [lack/shortage] there constitutes one or even two closely related diseases is like saying that apples explain oranges merely because both of them contain a number of pips .

‘ Megavitamins ’ , that is doses of vitamins many times larger than that recommended to prevent diseases arising from deficiency , have been found to affect the biochemical reactions for which the vitamins are needed .
‘ megavitamins ’ , that is doses of vitamins many times larger than that recommended to prevent diseases arising from [lack/shortage] , have been found to affect the biochemical reactions for which the vitamins are needed .

There are two types of explanation on offer , which can be summed up as ‘ allergic explanations ’ and ‘ deficiency explanations ’ .
there are two types of explanation on offer , which can be summed up as ‘ allergic explanations ’ and ‘ [lack/shortage] explanations ’ .

It is usually assumed that this is a deficiency in the enzymes ( see p 18 ) that detoxify foreign chemicals .
it is usually assumed that this is a [lack/shortage] in the enzymes ( see p 18 ) that detoxify foreign chemicals .

The deficiency explanation
the [lack/shortage] explanation

Such a high percentage is unusual in medical research , and suggests strongly that there is a link between chemical sensitivity and enzyme deficiency .
such a high percentage is unusual in medical research , and suggests strongly that there is a link between chemical sensitivity and enzyme [lack/shortage] .

This suggests that there is some other deficiency as well in those with chemical sensitivity — perhaps a defect in another enzyme .
this suggests that there is some other [lack/shortage] as well in those with chemical sensitivity — perhaps a defect in another enzyme .

Assuming the same thing happens in the gut , then a vitamin deficiency might make the yeast convert to the hyphal form .
assuming the same thing happens in the gut , then a vitamin [lack/shortage] might make the yeast convert to the hyphal form .

But the diarrhoea produced by this reaction may , in turn , cause lactase deficiency .
but the diarrhoea produced by this reaction may , in turn , cause lactase [lack/shortage] .

Doctors refer to this as secondary lactase deficiency .
doctors refer to this as secondary lactase [lack/shortage] .

There are readily available tests for lactase deficiency , but these do not distinguish between true lactase deficiency ( or primary lactase deficiency ) and secondary lactase deficiency .
there are readily available tests for lactase [lack/shortage] , but these do not distinguish between true lactase [lack/shortage] ( or primary lactase [lack/shortage] ) and secondary lactase [lack/shortage] .

More complicated tests can distinguish the two , and these show that primary lactase deficiency is actually very rare .
more complicated tests can distinguish the two , and these show that primary lactase [lack/shortage] is actually very rare .

Drinking milk makes the situation worse , because there is often a transient lactase deficiency ( see p 202 ) .
drinking milk makes the situation worse , because there is often a transient lactase [lack/shortage] ( see p 202 ) .

The high viscosity of these solutions keeps them in the eye longer , while the polymer itself is intended to mimic the ocular mucins ( glycoproteins ) , a deficiency of which is often the cause of dry eye symptoms , and promote tear film stability .
the high viscosity of these solutions keeps them in the eye longer , while the polymer itself is intended to mimic the ocular mucins ( glycoproteins ) , a [lack/shortage] of which is often the cause of dry eye symptoms , and promote tear film stability .

Grants for ploughing grassland and cereal deficiency payments made barley more profitable than sheep , numbers of which fell by more than half between 1926 and 1954 .
grants for ploughing grassland and cereal [lack/shortage] payments made barley more profitable than sheep , numbers of which fell by more than half between 1926 and 1954 .

Only very few older people are likely to suffer protein or vitamin deficiency , and when this does occur the deficiency is usually caused either by a specific type of disease or by the diet not being properly balanced .
only very few older people are likely to suffer protein or vitamin [lack/shortage] , and when this does occur the [lack/shortage] is usually caused either by a specific type of disease or by the diet not being properly balanced .

But a small deficiency can occur through struggling to manage on a low income , through a difficulty in swallowing or chewing food , not bothering to plan a nourishing diet , or difficulty in shopping because of a disability .
but a small [lack/shortage] can occur through struggling to manage on a low income , through a difficulty in swallowing or chewing food , not bothering to plan a nourishing diet , or difficulty in shopping because of a disability .

Diarrhoea , kidney disease and taking a diuretic drug may lead to potassium deficiency which can result in depression , weak muscles and mental confusion .
diarrhoea , kidney disease and taking a diuretic drug may lead to potassium [lack/shortage] which can result in depression , weak muscles and mental confusion .

Banks provide a loan to deal with the resultant cash deficiency .
banks provide a loan to deal with the resultant cash [lack/shortage] .

In all cases they considered the limitations of online information specific to their own needs to be a major deficiency .
in all cases they considered the limitations of online information specific to their own needs to be a major [lack/shortage] .

In order to remedy this deficiency in our knowledge of modern British society , the British Social Attitudes Survey was established in 1983 .
in order to remedy this [lack/shortage] in our knowledge of modern british society , the british social attitudes survey was established in 1983 .

Such accidentally created fires are usually most devastating after a long dry period when the organic content of the litter and soil is experiencing moisture deficiency and the presence of dry kindling provides a good fuel supply .
such accidentally created fires are usually most devastating after a long dry period when the organic content of the litter and soil is experiencing moisture [lack/shortage] and the presence of dry kindling provides a good fuel supply .

Many readers are hindered by inaudibly ‘ pronouncing ’ each word rather than scanning a group of words to get the meaning of a sentence and rapid reading classes can be helpful in correcting this deficiency .
many readers are hindered by inaudibly ‘ pronouncing ’ each word rather than scanning a group of words to get the meaning of a sentence and rapid reading classes can be helpful in correcting this [lack/shortage] .

The AICPA 's Generally Accepted Auditing Standards defines a reportable condition as a significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal control that could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with management 's assertions in the financial statements .
the aicpa 's generally accepted auditing standards defines a reportable condition as a significant [lack/shortage] in the design or operation of internal control that could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with management 's assertions in the financial statements .

In late 2000 , DCI GeorgeTenet recognized the deficiency of strategic analysis against al Qaeda .
in late 2000 , dci georgetenet recognized the [lack/shortage] of strategic analysis against al qaeda .

Therefore , the addition of mevalonate would be predicted to antagonize statin action via the isoprenoid pathway , by relieving statin-induced mevalonate deficiency .
therefore , the addition of mevalonate would be predicted to antagonize statin action via the isoprenoid pathway , by relieving statin-induced mevalonate [lack/shortage] .

Leptin deficiency increases appetite and produces obesity [ 8,20 ] .
leptin [lack/shortage] increases appetite and produces obesity [ 8,20 ] .

A deficiency of the enzyme glucocerebrosidase ( Figure 1 ) causes accumulation of the glycolipid glucocerebroside in macrophages throughout the body .
a [lack/shortage] of the enzyme glucocerebrosidase ( figure 1 ) causes accumulation of the glycolipid glucocerebroside in macrophages throughout the body .

By the 1970s , the underlying enzyme deficiency had been identified , and methods had been developed to purify the enzyme from human placenta in a high state of purity .
by the 1970s , the underlying enzyme [lack/shortage] had been identified , and methods had been developed to purify the enzyme from human placenta in a high state of purity .

MMP12 deficiency has been shown to protect mice against emphysema after chronic exposure to cigarette smoke , implying that MMP12 may be the key proteinase in the development of emphysema in this species [ 49,50 ] .
mmp12 [lack/shortage] has been shown to protect mice against emphysema after chronic exposure to cigarette smoke , implying that mmp12 may be the key proteinase in the development of emphysema in this species [ 49,50 ] .

The pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes involves , in part , a “ relative ” deficiency of insulin .
the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes involves , in part , a “ relative ” [lack/shortage] of insulin .

More recently , the astute clinical observations of UCLA immunologist Michael Gottlieb resulted in the original description of the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome ( AIDS ) in 1981 [ 5 ] .
more recently , the astute clinical observations of ucla immunologist michael gottlieb resulted in the original description of the acquired immune [lack/shortage] syndrome ( aids ) in 1981 [ 5 ] .

There have been sporadic reports of phenotypes initially attributed to deficiency in the expression of a given gene that disappeared with additional backcrosses to B6 .
there have been sporadic reports of phenotypes initially attributed to [lack/shortage] in the expression of a given gene that disappeared with additional backcrosses to b6 .

In this context , the autoimmune phenotypes resulting from the combination of the 129 and B6 genomes may might therefore provide a primed background upon which the effects of deficiency in the target gene can be amplified .
in this context , the autoimmune phenotypes resulting from the combination of the 129 and b6 genomes may might therefore provide a primed background upon which the effects of [lack/shortage] in the target gene can be amplified .

On the other hand , the autoimmune phenotype may be overwhelmingly contributed by the ( 129 × B6 ) genomic combination , with little if any effect of the deficiency of the KO gene .
on the other hand , the autoimmune phenotype may be overwhelmingly contributed by the ( 129 × b6 ) genomic combination , with little if any effect of the [lack/shortage] of the ko gene .

Amazingly , no difference was found between the two strains regarding the production of autoantibodies , clearly eliminating Apcs deficiency as a mechanism for this autoimmune process .
amazingly , no difference was found between the two strains regarding the production of autoantibodies , clearly eliminating apcs [lack/shortage] as a mechanism for this autoimmune process .

Apcs deficiency was however associated with markedly increased renal damage , suggesting that this gene may be involved in preventing pathological consequences of autoantibody production .
apcs [lack/shortage] was however associated with markedly increased renal damage , suggesting that this gene may be involved in preventing pathological consequences of autoantibody production .

When Jesse Gelsinger , a relatively healthy young adult , died in Philadelphia during a clinical trial of a novel adenovirus-based genetic therapy for ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency , it was a tragedy [ 1 ] .
when jesse gelsinger , a relatively healthy young adult , died in philadelphia during a clinical trial of a novel adenovirus-based genetic therapy for ornithine transcarbamylase [lack/shortage] , it was a tragedy [ 1 ] .

Therefore , the disease attributed to hookworm is silent blood loss leading to iron deficiency anemia and protein malnutrition .
therefore , the disease attributed to hookworm is silent blood loss leading to iron [lack/shortage] anemia and protein malnutrition .

He also knew the question and its answer taken together were a trap , sucking him into an illusory comparison of selves , reifying an idea that did him no good , and could only add to all the negative feelings of deficiency he confused himself with .
he also knew the question and its answer taken together were a trap , sucking him into an illusory comparison of selves , reifying an idea that did him no good , and could only add to all the negative feelings of [lack/shortage] he confused himself with .

He has one serious deficiency as a president .
he has one serious [lack/shortage] as a president .

One is that the theories of the doubters could be characterized as demented ravings , probably induced by dairy deficiency .
one is that the theories of the doubters could be characterized as demented ravings , probably induced by dairy [lack/shortage] .

Even if IQ has not declined on a mass scale ( and I suspect that it has ) , there is a point at which lack of curiosity and sheer ignorance are indistinguishable from a deficiency of intelligence .
even if iq has not declined on a mass scale ( and i suspect that it has ) , there is a point at which lack of curiosity and sheer ignorance are indistinguishable from a [lack/shortage] of intelligence .

A Deficit of Tax Justice or a Deficiency of Tax Cuts ?
a deficit of tax justice or a [lack/shortage] of tax cuts ?

Backward countries and companies suffer from `` Microchip Immune Deficiency '' or MIDS .
backward countries and companies suffer from `` microchip immune [lack/shortage] '' or mids .

The cover story says stress causes heart disease , memory loss , immune deficiency , impaired cognition , and even a thick waist .
the cover story says stress causes heart disease , memory loss , immune [lack/shortage] , impaired cognition , and even a thick waist .

This deficiency might be what Tony Lake had in mind when , in the course of his abortive confirmation hearings , he remarked that the CIA 's `` pool of talent , particularly in languages and cultural knowledge , is getting very thin . ''
this [lack/shortage] might be what tony lake had in mind when , in the course of his abortive confirmation hearings , he remarked that the cia 's `` pool of talent , particularly in languages and cultural knowledge , is getting very thin . ''

That being the case and because I am a long-time professional speechwriter , I feel it incumbent on me to remedy the deficiency .
that being the case and because i am a long-time professional speechwriter , i feel it incumbent on me to remedy the [lack/shortage] .

It may not be an immediately obvious fact , but it is significant that the people who ask the question -- strangers , who telephone me -- are quite articulate , from which I deduce that one must have reached some proficiency in language before becoming aware that there might be some deficiency .
it may not be an immediately obvious fact , but it is significant that the people who ask the question -- strangers , who telephone me -- are quite articulate , from which i deduce that one must have reached some proficiency in language before becoming aware that there might be some [lack/shortage] .

These conditions include thyroid deficiency , mercury poisoning , infectious diseases such as neurosyphilis and meningitis , nutritional disorders , including pellagra and pernicious anemia that involve deficiency of elements of the vitamin B complex , and chronic alcoholism .
these conditions include thyroid [lack/shortage] , mercury poisoning , infectious diseases such as neurosyphilis and meningitis , nutritional disorders , including pellagra and pernicious anemia that involve [lack/shortage] of elements of the vitamin b complex , and chronic alcoholism .

