In proportion to the degradation of his moral worth , is the increase of his worth to them '' .
in proportion to the [loss] of his moral worth , is the increase of his worth to them '' .

A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( Alpers , Petermann and Rall , 1956 ) .
a study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the [loss] proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( alpers , petermann and rall , 1956 ) .

Deer cause habitat degradation , attacking forestry and agriculture and have an adverse effect on wildlife generally .
deer cause habitat [loss] , attacking forestry and agriculture and have an adverse effect on wildlife generally .

They are responsible for the complete replication of the extreme ends of chromosomal molecules and contribute to chromosome stability in protecting them from exonucleolytic degradation and end to end fusion events ( 2 ) .
they are responsible for the complete replication of the extreme ends of chromosomal molecules and contribute to chromosome stability in protecting them from exonucleolytic [loss] and end to end fusion events ( 2 ) .

Pretend they do not see the degradation
pretend they do not see the [loss]

’ ( Alas , but for his robustness , the final degradation might have been spared him . )
’ ( alas , but for his robustness , the final [loss] might have been spared him . )

Quality-wise the drum tracks came out very well indeed and any degradation in signal and tone was not noticeable to my ears .
quality-wise the drum tracks came out very well indeed and any [loss] in signal and tone was not noticeable to my ears .

Any attempt to charge dry cells with conventional battery chargers causes severe electrolyte degradation , eventually shorting out the cell completely and leading to a very rapid heat build up inside the cell .
any attempt to charge dry cells with conventional battery chargers causes severe electrolyte [loss] , eventually shorting out the cell completely and leading to a very rapid heat build up inside the cell .

The Coltronics charger avoids these problems , employing state-of-the-art electronics to carefully control and profile the charging current to eliminate heat build up and minimise electrolyte degradation .
the coltronics charger avoids these problems , employing state-of-the-art electronics to carefully control and profile the charging current to eliminate heat build up and minimise electrolyte [loss] .

Using such digital techniques , although technically difficult to do , provides better quality with no degradation of the signal with distance or repeated amplifying .
using such digital techniques , although technically difficult to do , provides better quality with no [loss] of the signal with distance or repeated amplifying .

Human degradation is everywhere .
human [loss] is everywhere .

Actinic Degradation This is the breakdown of ( mostly synthetic ) flysheets through prolonged exposure to the sun , but no-one really knows why it affects some tents and not others of the same make and model .
actinic [loss] this is the breakdown of ( mostly synthetic ) flysheets through prolonged exposure to the sun , but no-one really knows why it affects some tents and not others of the same make and model .

Degradation of the waterfalls in the Vale of Neath area of the Brecon Beacons has reached such a critical level that urgent and radical action is required , according to a new national park study .
[loss] of the waterfalls in the vale of neath area of the brecon beacons has reached such a critical level that urgent and radical action is required , according to a new national park study .

Result : even worse defeat , culminating in the degradation of last year 's 60-pointer by Australia and the shenanigans that followed at the post-match dinner .
result : even worse defeat , culminating in the [loss] of last year 's 60-pointer by australia and the shenanigans that followed at the post-match dinner .

101–3 ) records a similar process of degradation and suffering , as a farmer 's sheep are sold off one by one .
101–3 ) records a similar process of [loss] and suffering , as a farmer 's sheep are sold off one by one .

Wordsworth looks forward to an ideal Welfare State where all are entitled to ‘ maintenance by law ’ feeling of degradation .
wordsworth looks forward to an ideal welfare state where all are entitled to ‘ maintenance by law ’ feeling of [loss] .

The people here migrated from Orissa 20 years ago , displaced by environmental degradation .
the people here migrated from orissa 20 years ago , displaced by environmental [loss] .

Blaming population growth for environmental degradation is , therefore , only one approach .
blaming population growth for environmental [loss] is , therefore , only one approach .

An extremely influential protagonist of the view that these arguments still hold was Harry Braverman , whose book , Labor and Monopoly Capital : The Degradation of Work in the Twentieth Century ( 1974 ) , gave birth to a sunrise industry of scholars engaging in development and critique of his argument .
an extremely influential protagonist of the view that these arguments still hold was harry braverman , whose book , labor and monopoly capital : the [loss] of work in the twentieth century ( 1974 ) , gave birth to a sunrise industry of scholars engaging in development and critique of his argument .

Cutaneous degradation Breakdown of skin tissue .
cutaneous [loss] breakdown of skin tissue .

Few suffered physical degradation and hardships .
few suffered physical [loss] and hardships .

Surely it is a kind of blasphemy to hold the church responsible for the cruelty and degradation going on around its blackened doors ?
surely it is a kind of blasphemy to hold the church responsible for the cruelty and [loss] going on around its blackened doors ?

Biological filtration systems not only control ammonia and nitrite levels , they also promote the degradation of organic matter and reduce the accumulation of mulm in aquaria .
biological filtration systems not only control ammonia and nitrite levels , they also promote the [loss] of organic matter and reduce the accumulation of mulm in aquaria .

It has been suggested that degradation on the inside reflects beliefs about the role of women and the rights of elderly women in particular , an example of sexism and ageism in practice ( Phillipson , 1981 , p. 198 ) .
it has been suggested that [loss] on the inside reflects beliefs about the role of women and the rights of elderly women in particular , an example of sexism and ageism in practice ( phillipson , 1981 , p. 198 ) .

The travellers ' spirit wilted as loser followed loser , then came the final degradation .
the travellers ' spirit wilted as loser followed loser , then came the final [loss] .

City life was only too often a degradation , he thought .
city life was only too often a [loss] , he thought .

Environmental degradation is always somebody else 's problem : the multi-nationals , the supermarkets , the local authorities , the Government .
environmental [loss] is always somebody else 's problem : the multi-nationals , the supermarkets , the local authorities , the government .

It is only on the more remote cliffs and islands that they have escaped the degradation of interbreeding with man-manipulated colour forms , and retain the true original plumage .
it is only on the more remote cliffs and islands that they have escaped the [loss] of interbreeding with man-manipulated colour forms , and retain the true original plumage .

The formation of siderite in organic-rich marine mudrocks has previously been associated with the degradation of organic matter by anaerobic , methanogenic bacteria .
the formation of siderite in organic-rich marine mudrocks has previously been associated with the [loss] of organic matter by anaerobic , methanogenic bacteria .

As our findings indicate that traditional farming techniques cause significant erosion , it is unlikely that a return to prehispanic farming methods would solve the problem of environmental degradation .
as our findings indicate that traditional farming techniques cause significant erosion , it is unlikely that a return to prehispanic farming methods would solve the problem of environmental [loss] .

In her mind it was the ultimate degradation , and any man who could live off the proceeds of it was the lowest of the low .
in her mind it was the ultimate [loss] , and any man who could live off the proceeds of it was the lowest of the low .

Once again the ‘ split ’ use of verse and prose has the connotations of nobility versus degradation .
once again the ‘ split ’ use of verse and prose has the connotations of nobility versus [loss] .

At times the degradation is not serious , more a quizzical down-valuing of the woman by comparison with conventional norms of ‘ fair ’ beauty ( 127 , 130 ) .
at times the [loss] is not serious , more a quizzical down-valuing of the woman by comparison with conventional norms of ‘ fair ’ beauty ( 127 , 130 ) .

Entire focus on the second person is elsewhere a mark of affection and respect : now it throws a spotlight on the Friend 's degradation , isolated so that we can ‘ mark ’ it better .
entire focus on the second person is elsewhere a mark of affection and respect : now it throws a spotlight on the friend 's [loss] , isolated so that we can ‘ mark ’ it better .

Ideally , polluters would pay the true costs of the degradation they cause .
ideally , polluters would pay the true costs of the [loss] they cause .

Not only the limitations on access , but also the pollution , thoughtless exploitation and degradation .
not only the limitations on access , but also the pollution , thoughtless exploitation and [loss] .

Status issues function as vehicles through which a non-economic group has deference conferred upon it or degradation conferred upon it .
status issues function as vehicles through which a non-economic group has deference conferred upon it or [loss] conferred upon it .

There has to be a degradation of the colour on the canvas to correspond to the distance of the sea in the scene depicted .
there has to be a [loss] of the colour on the canvas to correspond to the distance of the sea in the scene depicted .

Each human soul was in tension between the divine dignity of sonship and the degradation of Satanic enslavement .
each human soul was in tension between the divine dignity of sonship and the [loss] of satanic enslavement .

’ However , for more than seventy years in the Soviet Union , the process of industrialization and environmental degradation went on unchecked .
’ however , for more than seventy years in the soviet union , the process of industrialization and environmental [loss] went on unchecked .

The steady degradation of the Romanian standard of living to meet the burden of rapid debt repayment in the 1980s and the decision to remodel rural life according to a model abandoned by then even in the Soviet Union and China may have been primarily Nicolae Ceauşescu 's work .
the steady [loss] of the romanian standard of living to meet the burden of rapid debt repayment in the 1980s and the decision to remodel rural life according to a model abandoned by then even in the soviet union and china may have been primarily nicolae ceauşescu 's work .

But he still had to print out yet another copy of the Capellan regulations about acceptable levels of degradation on axis lock crystals before he let her through the gate .
but he still had to print out yet another copy of the capellan regulations about acceptable levels of [loss] on axis lock crystals before he let her through the gate .

Behind the honeysuckle and the hollyhocks there was revealed a life of hitherto unimagined degradation .
behind the honeysuckle and the hollyhocks there was revealed a life of hitherto unimagined [loss] .

The broken curve shows the percentages of access to synonyms as more random additions are made , demonstrating how rapid the degradation is .
the broken curve shows the percentages of access to synonyms as more random additions are made , demonstrating how rapid the [loss] is .

The degradation of subsidiary businesses to ‘ profit centres ’ in contemporary managerial jargon tells the tale plainly enough .
the [loss] of subsidiary businesses to ‘ profit centres ’ in contemporary managerial jargon tells the tale plainly enough .

Dickens has an horrific description of it in The Old Curiosity , Shop ( 1841 ) , when it had reached the rock bottom of filth and ugliness , and of human degradation .
dickens has an horrific description of it in the old curiosity , shop ( 1841 ) , when it had reached the rock bottom of filth and ugliness , and of human [loss] .

… it would be a degradation of that process if the courts were to be merely a reflecting mirror of what some other interpretation agency might say .
… it would be a [loss] of that process if the courts were to be merely a reflecting mirror of what some other interpretation agency might say .

There are no published studies on the survivability of its degradation products , although some classified work may have been carried out .
there are no published studies on the survivability of its [loss] products , although some classified work may have been carried out .

The development of economic planning directed towards the well-being of workers and their families , retired workers and those unable to work , both immediately — in terms of material living standards — and in the longer term ( planning of investment in industrial capacity , social ‘ infrastructure ’ and social amenities ; avoidance of long-term environmental degradation ) .
the development of economic planning directed towards the well-being of workers and their families , retired workers and those unable to work , both immediately — in terms of material living standards — and in the longer term ( planning of investment in industrial capacity , social ‘ infrastructure ’ and social amenities ; avoidance of long-term environmental [loss] ) .

For the work of Sherman this show may only confirm the suspicions already held by many that , with the kind of success she now enjoys after the Saatchi purchase of her notorious nude self-portrait , her intention is less than subversive and takes shrewd advantage of the fruits of sensationalism Saddest of all however is that , within the context of this show , the nightmarish images of her latest offerings succeed better at making the female viewer feel the full impact of the implied degradation .
for the work of sherman this show may only confirm the suspicions already held by many that , with the kind of success she now enjoys after the saatchi purchase of her notorious nude self-portrait , her intention is less than subversive and takes shrewd advantage of the fruits of sensationalism saddest of all however is that , within the context of this show , the nightmarish images of her latest offerings succeed better at making the female viewer feel the full impact of the implied [loss] .

It was they who most resented the contempt of factory management , the humiliation of public examination for venereal diseases , the lack of privacy in the lavatories , the insecurity of their jobs , the degradation of their living quarters .
it was they who most resented the contempt of factory management , the humiliation of public examination for venereal diseases , the lack of privacy in the lavatories , the insecurity of their jobs , the [loss] of their living quarters .

As soon as deaf and dumb children were recognised as capable of benefiting from secular and religious teaching , their rescue from degradation and the saving of their souls became objects ranking high in the scale of Victorian values .
as soon as deaf and dumb children were recognised as capable of benefiting from secular and religious teaching , their rescue from [loss] and the saving of their souls became objects ranking high in the scale of victorian values .

Not only the limitations on access , but also the pollution , thoughtless exploitation and degradation .
not only the limitations on access , but also the pollution , thoughtless exploitation and [loss] .

This entails degradation of air quality where it is now high .
this entails [loss] of air quality where it is now high .

Such an approach is exceedingly complex , given that one must assign values for all kinds of pollution damage including premature death , varying degrees of illness , property deterioration , reductions in yield and quality of crops , damage to irreplaceable historic monuments , and visibility degradation .
such an approach is exceedingly complex , given that one must assign values for all kinds of pollution damage including premature death , varying degrees of illness , property deterioration , reductions in yield and quality of crops , damage to irreplaceable historic monuments , and visibility [loss] .

Nevertheless , some progress is being made in assessing the costs and benefits associated with even the most complex pollution problems , such as visibility degradation .
nevertheless , some progress is being made in assessing the costs and benefits associated with even the most complex pollution problems , such as visibility [loss] .

Stewart and Tait were more aware of the degradation of energy , moral as well as physical , and thus of the impermanence of the world .
stewart and tait were more aware of the [loss] of energy , moral as well as physical , and thus of the impermanence of the world .

She watches her values slowly being eroded , and she describes the process of moral degradation in terms of language : ‘ You find yourself giving in on little things , twisting words and meanings , always trying to be one-up on whoever you 're with , and then suddenly you give in on something else , much bigger ’ ( 131–2 ) .
she watches her values slowly being eroded , and she describes the process of moral [loss] in terms of language : ‘ you find yourself giving in on little things , twisting words and meanings , always trying to be one-up on whoever you 're with , and then suddenly you give in on something else , much bigger ’ ( 131–2 ) .

It is doubly ironic that Philip 's sense of intellectual and spiritual degradation is in fact very like Eliot 's , and his life risks being as impoverished and as meaningless as Sweeney 's minimalist ‘ brass tacks ’ scenario .
it is doubly ironic that philip 's sense of intellectual and spiritual [loss] is in fact very like eliot 's , and his life risks being as impoverished and as meaningless as sweeney 's minimalist ‘ brass tacks ’ scenario .

Within the terms of this self-proclaiming universal culture , moreover , there could be no escape from this degradation .
within the terms of this self-proclaiming universal culture , moreover , there could be no escape from this [loss] .

Luxurious private supper rooms in the West-End known as ‘ the finishes ’ organized part-orgies part entertainments which centred on the ‘ erotic ’ degradation of women by male clients .
luxurious private supper rooms in the west-end known as ‘ the finishes ’ organized part-orgies part entertainments which centred on the ‘ erotic ’ [loss] of women by male clients .

Sex is capable of great devotion towards good or towards evil … It may grow into a noble sympathy , self-sacrifice … and joy … It also allows that perversion and extreme degradation of sex observable in the human race .
sex is capable of great devotion towards good or towards evil … it may grow into a noble sympathy , self-sacrifice … and joy … it also allows that perversion and extreme [loss] of sex observable in the human race .

To treat all women with respect , and endeavour to protect them from wrong and degradation .
to treat all women with respect , and endeavour to protect them from wrong and [loss] .

Town and country planning , published in 1933 ( significantly , in view of the new interest taken in planning in the wartime years , with a second edition in 1943 and three further reprints by 1945 ) , declared that : Historic examples showed what had been achieved in the past , but Abercrombie stressed the degradation of industrialization which the country had experienced in the nineteenth century .
town and country planning , published in 1933 ( significantly , in view of the new interest taken in planning in the wartime years , with a second edition in 1943 and three further reprints by 1945 ) , declared that : historic examples showed what had been achieved in the past , but abercrombie stressed the [loss] of industrialization which the country had experienced in the nineteenth century .

And yet , is there one of these great divisions in which , in at least some prominent feature , the present , through this mysterious element of degradation , is not inferior to the past ?
and yet , is there one of these great divisions in which , in at least some prominent feature , the present , through this mysterious element of [loss] , is not inferior to the past ?

But far from alerting people to the danger of environmental degradation , the theory was used to justify the kind of progress that increased the level of exploitation .
but far from alerting people to the danger of environmental [loss] , the theory was used to justify the kind of progress that increased the level of exploitation .

Far from being a coherent response to the growing problem of environmental degradation , ecology was a product of the new age of specialization ushered in by the rapid expansion of the scientific profession .
far from being a coherent response to the growing problem of environmental [loss] , ecology was a product of the new age of specialization ushered in by the rapid expansion of the scientific profession .

Cell walls are covered with fantasy women , always available , pouting and meaningless , two-dimensional figures available for any kind of degradation and brutality you want to inflict .
cell walls are covered with fantasy women , always available , pouting and meaningless , two-dimensional figures available for any kind of [loss] and brutality you want to inflict .

These include global inequality , human-rights abuses and environmental degradation .
these include global inequality , human-rights abuses and environmental [loss] .

Questions of peace and war , global distributive justice , gender and racial inequality , and environmental degradation concern us all .
questions of peace and war , global distributive justice , gender and racial inequality , and environmental [loss] concern us all .

’ The extent of linkage between issue-areas , and the global scope of contemporary problems such as environmental degradation , suggest the need for more effective global management .
’ the extent of linkage between issue-areas , and the global scope of contemporary problems such as environmental [loss] , suggest the need for more effective global management .

Why may environmental degradation be an issue of particular concern to women ?
why may environmental [loss] be an issue of particular concern to women ?

the spread of desert conditions for whatever reason , desert being land with sparse vegetation and very low productivity associated with aridity , the degradation being persistent or in extreme cases irreversible .
the spread of desert conditions for whatever reason , desert being land with sparse vegetation and very low productivity associated with aridity , the [loss] being persistent or in extreme cases irreversible .

The simple association of degradation and aggradation of beaches with wave type needs some modification .
the simple association of [loss] and aggradation of beaches with wave type needs some modification .

The difficulty in defining the critical points to measure owing to degradation of the original landforms .
the difficulty in defining the critical points to measure owing to [loss] of the original landforms .

Individual craters can be time-ordered , as outlined in section 3.3.4 , on the basis of their state of degradation .
individual craters can be time-ordered , as outlined in section 3.3.4 , on the basis of their state of [loss] .

This is a kind of degradation which indicates that when they were formed the Mercurian surface may have been warm enough for it to be slightly plastic .
this is a kind of [loss] which indicates that when they were formed the mercurian surface may have been warm enough for it to be slightly plastic .

The surface would have suffered saturation bombardment during the final stages of formation but either the surface was too soft to preserve these craters , as indicated by the degradation of the oldest craters , or the surface was somehow ‘ decratered ’ .
the surface would have suffered saturation bombardment during the final stages of formation but either the surface was too soft to preserve these craters , as indicated by the [loss] of the oldest craters , or the surface was somehow ‘ decratered ’ .

‘ Far from pretending that wives are in general no better treated than slaves … no slave is a slave to the same lengths and in so full a sense of the word as a wife is [ for her husband ] can claim from her and enforce the lowest degradation of a human being , that of being made the instrument of an animal function contrary to her inclinations .
‘ far from pretending that wives are in general no better treated than slaves … no slave is a slave to the same lengths and in so full a sense of the word as a wife is [ for her husband ] can claim from her and enforce the lowest [loss] of a human being , that of being made the instrument of an animal function contrary to her inclinations .

Elements of the new approach include looking at the cost of environmental degradation of an area in terms of : its effect on house prices ; the cost of alternative methods of transport ; the value local people place on maintaining environmental features intact ; and an assessment of the cost of replacement , for example moving a colony of badgers .
elements of the new approach include looking at the cost of environmental [loss] of an area in terms of : its effect on house prices ; the cost of alternative methods of transport ; the value local people place on maintaining environmental features intact ; and an assessment of the cost of replacement , for example moving a colony of badgers .

The statement says that the organisations have agreed to work " both independently and together to focus international and national attention on those productive forests , linked with international trade , which are in danger of imminent degradation or destruction for any reason " .
the statement says that the organisations have agreed to work " both independently and together to focus international and national attention on those productive forests , linked with international trade , which are in danger of imminent [loss] or destruction for any reason " .

According to Laurie Boorman , a scientist with the National Environment Research Council , at the present rates of degradation half the areas of coastal marshes would disappear within 50 years .
according to laurie boorman , a scientist with the national environment research council , at the present rates of [loss] half the areas of coastal marshes would disappear within 50 years .

Environmental degradation knows no boundaries and nor should environmental policy .
environmental [loss] knows no boundaries and nor should environmental policy .

The pattern runs contrary to that of Eastern Europe , the Soviet Union and growing numbers of Asian and Latin American countries , where concern at pollution and environmental degradation continues to grow .
the pattern runs contrary to that of eastern europe , the soviet union and growing numbers of asian and latin american countries , where concern at pollution and environmental [loss] continues to grow .

Among the financial implications are the costs associated with overcoming the problems of hardware and software obsolescence , media degradation , support , and documentation .
among the financial implications are the costs associated with overcoming the problems of hardware and software obsolescence , media [loss] , support , and documentation .

Report on links between population growth and environmental degradation
report on links between population growth and environmental [loss]

Mahathir said : `` It is the rich who must be prepared to sacrifice their progress in the interest of our development … The negotiations to prepare for Rio reflect the continuing attempt by the South to bring the North to the table to overcome over four decades of neglect on the growth and development of the South … Fear in the North of environmental degradation provides the South with the leverage which did not exist before `` .
mahathir said : `` it is the rich who must be prepared to sacrifice their progress in the interest of our development … the negotiations to prepare for rio reflect the continuing attempt by the south to bring the north to the table to overcome over four decades of neglect on the growth and development of the south … fear in the north of environmental [loss] provides the south with the leverage which did not exist before `` .

The survey , by Khon Kaen University , shows severe soil degradation , soil fertility loss , salinity and deforestation in the region .
the survey , by khon kaen university , shows severe soil [loss] , soil fertility loss , salinity and deforestation in the region .

The reduction is largely due to the exclusion of tea gardens from the forest category , but is also the result of degradation and shifting cultivation .
the reduction is largely due to the exclusion of tea gardens from the forest category , but is also the result of [loss] and shifting cultivation .

The report speaks of extensive environmental degradation caused by high population growth , rapid urbanization and fast industrialization .
the report speaks of extensive environmental [loss] caused by high population growth , rapid urbanization and fast industrialization .

Among the `` litany of environmental problems `` it lists soil degradation , groundwater pollution , low quality of drinking water , deteriorating air quality and deforestation .
among the `` litany of environmental problems `` it lists soil [loss] , groundwater pollution , low quality of drinking water , deteriorating air quality and deforestation .

Focus on degradation of temperate forests
focus on [loss] of temperate forests

The causes of the environmental degradation are manifold .
the causes of the environmental [loss] are manifold .

The effects of environmental degradation are seriously undermining economic performance , according to the Washington-based Worldwatch Institute .
the effects of environmental [loss] are seriously undermining economic performance , according to the washington-based worldwatch institute .

In its latest World Development Report , the World Bank acknowledges that some of its past policies have led to environmental degradation , but insists that it is now geared toward promoting sustainable development and , in particular , the alleviation of third world poverty . ``
in its latest world development report , the world bank acknowledges that some of its past policies have led to environmental [loss] , but insists that it is now geared toward promoting sustainable development and , in particular , the alleviation of third world poverty . ``

The Prime Minister of the Czech Republic , Vaclav Klaus , has said that the accelerating degradation of the country 's environment typical of the 1980s has been curbed .
the prime minister of the czech republic , vaclav klaus , has said that the accelerating [loss] of the country 's environment typical of the 1980s has been curbed .

The report notes that a combination of soil degradation and poor rainfall have increased food shortages and poverty .
the report notes that a combination of soil [loss] and poor rainfall have increased food shortages and poverty .

The World Bank has admitted that many of the projects it funded in Brazil during the 1970s and 80s resulted in massive environmental degradation and the eviction of over 100,000 poor farmers and their families , many of whom were forced into the shanty-towns of major cities .
the world bank has admitted that many of the projects it funded in brazil during the 1970s and 80s resulted in massive environmental [loss] and the eviction of over 100,000 poor farmers and their families , many of whom were forced into the shanty-towns of major cities .

Faced with the prospect of growing structural unemployment and reflecting an analysis that structural unemployment would be a growing feature of industrial society , the work-force at Lucas Aerospace proposed 150 socially useful products which they could design and manufacture as an alternative to facing degradation and suffering in the dole queue .
faced with the prospect of growing structural unemployment and reflecting an analysis that structural unemployment would be a growing feature of industrial society , the work-force at lucas aerospace proposed 150 socially useful products which they could design and manufacture as an alternative to facing [loss] and suffering in the dole queue .

The `` ideal village `` was separated from the commercialism , moral pollution , and degradation of the city ; home was separated from the outside world and its neighbours by walls , drives and privet hedges .
the `` ideal village `` was separated from the commercialism , moral pollution , and [loss] of the city ; home was separated from the outside world and its neighbours by walls , drives and privet hedges .

His sense of `` filthiness `` , of unreality and degradation , pervades the play .
his sense of `` filthiness `` , of unreality and [loss] , pervades the play .

Hitherto literature has … suffered in the public mind both misunderstanding and degradation .
hitherto literature has … suffered in the public mind both misunderstanding and [loss] .

The principal strengths of the human information processing system lie in its ability to make selective use of available visual cues and to utilise an understanding of the text to compensate for any degradation or ambiguity within the visual stimulus .
the principal strengths of the human information processing system lie in its ability to make selective use of available visual cues and to utilise an understanding of the text to compensate for any [loss] or ambiguity within the visual stimulus .

, variable bindings , logical rules , hierarchies and inheritance from symbolic systems , and reconstructive memory , graceful degradation , category formation , etc .
, variable bindings , logical rules , hierarchies and inheritance from symbolic systems , and reconstructive memory , graceful [loss] , category formation , etc .

Its principal strengths lie in the ability to ( a ) make selective use of available visual cues ( for fluent readers much of the visual stimulus remains unattended [ Just & Carpenter , 1987 ] ) and ( b ) utilise an understanding of the text that can guide the reading process and compensate for any degradation or ambiguity within the visual stimulus .
its principal strengths lie in the ability to ( a ) make selective use of available visual cues ( for fluent readers much of the visual stimulus remains unattended [ just & carpenter , 1987 ] ) and ( b ) utilise an understanding of the text that can guide the reading process and compensate for any [loss] or ambiguity within the visual stimulus .

Moreover , most attention was paid not to the conditions of work as such but to the moral and spiritual degradation said to accompany female employment .
moreover , most attention was paid not to the conditions of work as such but to the moral and spiritual [loss] said to accompany female employment .

Much charitable effort was devoted to this cause on the assumption that improved housing conditions , by removing some of the degradation from the lives of the poor , would give them more hope and greater enthusiasm for the struggle for self-help and survival .
much charitable effort was devoted to this cause on the assumption that improved housing conditions , by removing some of the [loss] from the lives of the poor , would give them more hope and greater enthusiasm for the struggle for self-help and survival .

But a pauper burial was the final degradation of a miserable life , a respectable funeral a means of demonstrating self-respect to the end and hence of immense psychological importance .
but a pauper burial was the final [loss] of a miserable life , a respectable funeral a means of demonstrating self-respect to the end and hence of immense psychological importance .

Babies were not the only people whose rights were being demanded at the end of the Second World War ; other groups , too , submerged in anonymous poverty through years of unemployment , had in wartime received for the first time their fair share both of work and of food , and were now making it clear that neither malnutrition nor the grinding degradation of worklessness could any longer be tolerated by the ‘ lower classes ’ of the victorious nations .
babies were not the only people whose rights were being demanded at the end of the second world war ; other groups , too , submerged in anonymous poverty through years of unemployment , had in wartime received for the first time their fair share both of work and of food , and were now making it clear that neither malnutrition nor the grinding [loss] of worklessness could any longer be tolerated by the ‘ lower classes ’ of the victorious nations .

The writers , while condemning the failings of the old nobility , notably their decadence and degradation , thought that their way of life could be revitalised and could become the foundation of a civil life that stemmed the rising tide of democracy and , as they feared , mob rule .
the writers , while condemning the failings of the old nobility , notably their decadence and [loss] , thought that their way of life could be revitalised and could become the foundation of a civil life that stemmed the rising tide of democracy and , as they feared , mob rule .

With 40 million people starving and infant mortality rising at an alarming rate , doctors must start pressurising governments and banks to stop this spiral of deprivation and environmental degradation in which the world 's poorest countries are trapped .
with 40 million people starving and infant mortality rising at an alarming rate , doctors must start pressurising governments and banks to stop this spiral of deprivation and environmental [loss] in which the world 's poorest countries are trapped .

For the serfs themselves , it brought to a close the degradation of chattel status and opened the way to the rehabilitation of their human dignity .
for the serfs themselves , it brought to a close the [loss] of chattel status and opened the way to the rehabilitation of their human dignity .

Diets for autoclaving are supplemented with nutrients to compensate for the inevitable degradation that occurs .
diets for autoclaving are supplemented with nutrients to compensate for the inevitable [loss] that occurs .

Sit next to Sir Eric Ash at dinner these days and , sooner or later , the conversation will almost certainly turn to ‘ graceful degradation ’ .
sit next to sir eric ash at dinner these days and , sooner or later , the conversation will almost certainly turn to ‘ graceful [loss] ’ .

Ash , Rector of the Imperial College of Science , Technology and Medicine , is an engineer and ‘ graceful degradation ’ is the term engineers use to describe the slow , bit-by-bit , collapse of a system .
ash , rector of the imperial college of science , technology and medicine , is an engineer and ‘ graceful [loss] ’ is the term engineers use to describe the slow , bit-by-bit , collapse of a system .

In a telephone network , for example , if one key element breaks down and the whole system immediately crashes you have a ‘ catastrophic failure ’ , but if , instead , there is simply a progressive deterioration leading , after a period , to the same ultimate end , silence , then you are experiencing ‘ graceful degradation ’ .
in a telephone network , for example , if one key element breaks down and the whole system immediately crashes you have a ‘ catastrophic failure ’ , but if , instead , there is simply a progressive deterioration leading , after a period , to the same ultimate end , silence , then you are experiencing ‘ graceful [loss] ’ .

Sir Eric thinks the British university system , after years of financial squeeze , is suffering ‘ graceful degradation ’ .
sir eric thinks the british university system , after years of financial squeeze , is suffering ‘ graceful [loss] ’ .

Sir Eric is not expecting the sky to fall in over his campus , but in a sense that is the problem — graceful degradation is just a mite too graceful .
sir eric is not expecting the sky to fall in over his campus , but in a sense that is the problem — graceful [loss] is just a mite too graceful .

What is needed , perhaps , is a bit of disgraceful degradation of the sort that nobody can ignore .
what is needed , perhaps , is a bit of disgraceful [loss] of the sort that nobody can ignore .

It is simply another instance of ‘ graceful degradation ’ .
it is simply another instance of ‘ graceful [loss] ’ .

People , that is , who although they were scandalised by the outrageous behaviour of the garotters and roughs , lived nevertheless in an untidy moral proximity with systematic brutality , degradation and mass violence .
people , that is , who although they were scandalised by the outrageous behaviour of the garotters and roughs , lived nevertheless in an untidy moral proximity with systematic brutality , [loss] and mass violence .

In a later paper , ‘ The Most Prevalent Form of Degradation in Erotic Life ’ ( 1912 ) , reference is again made to forbidden wishes of the son to make love to his mother or sister , and the effects of this on later sexual inadequacies with women ( inadequate , that is , to the men themselves ) .
in a later paper , ‘ the most prevalent form of [loss] in erotic life ’ ( 1912 ) , reference is again made to forbidden wishes of the son to make love to his mother or sister , and the effects of this on later sexual inadequacies with women ( inadequate , that is , to the men themselves ) .

Provides an understanding of some of the major processes responsible for environmental degradation by loss or deterioration of land , air or water resources , and further aims to develop expertise in the design and implementation of programmes of environment protection and management .
provides an understanding of some of the major processes responsible for environmental [loss] by loss or deterioration of land , air or water resources , and further aims to develop expertise in the design and implementation of programmes of environment protection and management .

This is why individuals in groups can show marked degradation in their intellectual and critical powers and why they can be induced to do things in a group setting which their own conscience would normally forbid .
this is why individuals in groups can show marked [loss] in their intellectual and critical powers and why they can be induced to do things in a group setting which their own conscience would normally forbid .

It is clear that if the conclusion of the study quoted above is a reliable one then modern culture is undergoing a crisis of dissolution and decay which threatens to undermine the very foundations of social life ; for the essence of the Freudian theory is that civilization is based on the superego , and if superego-formation is becoming defective then only a process of cultural degradation can result . There are many who would say that in these closing years
it is clear that if the conclusion of the study quoted above is a reliable one then modern culture is undergoing a crisis of dissolution and decay which threatens to undermine the very foundations of social life ; for the essence of the freudian theory is that civilization is based on the superego , and if superego-formation is becoming defective then only a process of cultural [loss] can result . there are many who would say that in these closing years

of the twentieth century cultural decay and psychological degradation are to be seen all around us .
of the twentieth century cultural decay and psychological [loss] are to be seen all around us .

In the Inca state this process of regression seems not merely to have profoundly compromised the superego and to have replaced it with the person of the Inca and his fellow Children of the Sun , but also to have attacked the ego in general and to have reduced the Indians to an apathetic , dependent and passive state in which the higher ego-functions of decision-making , initiative , and individuality were markedly reduced . This regression of the superego and degradation of the ego was readily noticed by Spanish visitors to the Inca empire who commented on the lack of personality development and the general childlikeness of the Indians :
in the inca state this process of regression seems not merely to have profoundly compromised the superego and to have replaced it with the person of the inca and his fellow children of the sun , but also to have attacked the ego in general and to have reduced the indians to an apathetic , dependent and passive state in which the higher ego-functions of decision-making , initiative , and individuality were markedly reduced . this regression of the superego and [loss] of the ego was readily noticed by spanish visitors to the inca empire who commented on the lack of personality development and the general childlikeness of the indians :

This encourages corruption and ‘ cultural degradation … foreign intellectual domination , the imposition of imperialist values and the ossification of national culture ’ ( ibid , p.125 ) .
this encourages corruption and ‘ cultural [loss] … foreign intellectual domination , the imposition of imperialist values and the ossification of national culture ’ ( ibid , p.125 ) .

There is increased bacterial degradation of bile salts after cholecystectomy and the main degraded bile salt , deoxycholate , induces urgent defecation if it is instilled into the rectum .
there is increased bacterial [loss] of bile salts after cholecystectomy and the main degraded bile salt , deoxycholate , induces urgent defecation if it is instilled into the rectum .

Direct compression of the ureters was not the cause of the obstruction , which was thought to be because of enzymatic degradation of the ureters .
direct compression of the ureters was not the cause of the obstruction , which was thought to be because of enzymatic [loss] of the ureters .

The fibrinolytic system includes a proenzyme , plasminogen , which is converted by plasminogen activators to the active enzyme plasmin , which in turn digests fibrin to soluble degradation products .
the fibrinolytic system includes a proenzyme , plasminogen , which is converted by plasminogen activators to the active enzyme plasmin , which in turn digests fibrin to soluble [loss] products .

Online media items are checked by the nature of their operation ; that is , they are generally used on a regular basis and any degradation is noticed immediately .
online media items are checked by the nature of their operation ; that is , they are generally used on a regular basis and any [loss] is noticed immediately .

Furthermore , some media such as magnetic tapes are subject to storage degradation if they are not regularly used .
furthermore , some media such as magnetic tapes are subject to storage [loss] if they are not regularly used .

Lafontaine 's popularity in the Saarland had been reinforced by successes in tackling regional problems of high unemployment , declining heavy industry , and environmental degradation .
lafontaine 's popularity in the saarland had been reinforced by successes in tackling regional problems of high unemployment , declining heavy industry , and environmental [loss] .

Declining productivity levels and environmental degradation have caused a widespread exodus of people to centres of economic activity .
declining productivity levels and environmental [loss] have caused a widespread exodus of people to centres of economic activity .

It is often suggested in the literature that male migration aggravates environmental degradation as women 's coping strategies are modified to accommodate the fall in labour availability in rural households .
it is often suggested in the literature that male migration aggravates environmental [loss] as women 's coping strategies are modified to accommodate the fall in labour availability in rural households .

An important element in concern over environmental degradation in Africa is the effects of population growth , and in particular , high fertility .
an important element in concern over environmental [loss] in africa is the effects of population growth , and in particular , high fertility .

The number of switching angle values required to avoid significant degradation of performance from this quantisation effect can be estimated by inspection of the torque/speed/switching angle characteristic ; for example in Fig .
the number of switching angle values required to avoid significant [loss] of performance from this quantisation effect can be estimated by inspection of the torque/speed/switching angle characteristic ; for example in fig .

What a tale of human degradation — it would make a marvellous play !
what a tale of human [loss] — it would make a marvellous play !

Thus a matrix of ordered regions with disordered interfacial areas is formed , but , unlike materials with small molar masses , the ordered and disordered regions are not discrete entities and can not be separated by differential solution techniques unless the solvent causes selective degradation of the primary bonds in the amorphous regions .
thus a matrix of ordered regions with disordered interfacial areas is formed , but , unlike materials with small molar masses , the ordered and disordered regions are not discrete entities and can not be separated by differential solution techniques unless the solvent causes selective [loss] of the primary bonds in the amorphous regions .

When a polymer is transformed into a melt without degradation and is stable at even higher temperatures , η is observed to decrease rapidly as the temperature increases .
when a polymer is transformed into a melt without [loss] and is stable at even higher temperatures , η is observed to decrease rapidly as the temperature increases .

Environmental degradation is a genuine case of passing the muck .
environmental [loss] is a genuine case of passing the muck .

The long-term dangers of land degradation from irrigation and chemical fertilizers are growing .
the long-term dangers of land [loss] from irrigation and chemical fertilizers are growing .

With the apple we have tried to naturalize our exploitation of the world , to make oppression and degradation seem part of nature 's plan .
with the apple we have tried to naturalize our exploitation of the world , to make oppression and [loss] seem part of nature 's plan .

The influence of their degradation is way beyond their puny numbers .
the influence of their [loss] is way beyond their puny numbers .

When considering measures to resist the exploitation of our procedures by manifestly unfounded applicants , we should not forget the clearly well founded applicants — genuine refugees who often have harrowing stories of suffering , degradation and torture .
when considering measures to resist the exploitation of our procedures by manifestly unfounded applicants , we should not forget the clearly well founded applicants — genuine refugees who often have harrowing stories of suffering , [loss] and torture .

In the bedroom she had done everything that Tom Horrocks had bidden her , reflexively , without panic ; yet she had known herself for the first time up against the frailty of the human organism — ; the mess of it , the degradation .
in the bedroom she had done everything that tom horrocks had bidden her , reflexively , without panic ; yet she had known herself for the first time up against the frailty of the human organism — ; the mess of it , the [loss] .

More water percolating through the soil is likely to leach out minerals which may not be easily replaced ; calcium may be removed and , where the bedrock can not replace the material essential to the soil ‘ crumb-structure ’ , permanent damage and degradation may result .
more water percolating through the soil is likely to leach out minerals which may not be easily replaced ; calcium may be removed and , where the bedrock can not replace the material essential to the soil ‘ crumb-structure ’ , permanent damage and [loss] may result .

Such a neutralising of the grantor 's intentions was not something that evolved in Charles the Bald 's reign , a degradation of a once-pure system : rather , there was always , from the time when the earliest precarial grants are documented , a tendency for grants to be assimilated to hereditary lands , and then be passed along with those to the beneficiary 's heirs .
such a neutralising of the grantor 's intentions was not something that evolved in charles the bald 's reign , a [loss] of a once-pure system : rather , there was always , from the time when the earliest precarial grants are documented , a tendency for grants to be assimilated to hereditary lands , and then be passed along with those to the beneficiary 's heirs .

degradation of working practices , quality of supervision , quality of testing , training , allocation of meaningful job descriptions , communication to workforce of standards for testing and installation work , supply of accurate drawings
[loss] of working practices , quality of supervision , quality of testing , training , allocation of meaningful job descriptions , communication to workforce of standards for testing and installation work , supply of accurate drawings

Many environmental campaigners stressed its failure to set binding targets for resolving environmental problems , and to address adequately the links between third world poverty and environmental degradation .
many environmental campaigners stressed its failure to set binding targets for resolving environmental problems , and to address adequately the links between third world poverty and environmental [loss] .

Despite large increases over the sixth five-year plan period , agricultural production remained `` comparatively low `` due to a reduction in arable land area , soil degradation and insufficient irrigation .
despite large increases over the sixth five-year plan period , agricultural production remained `` comparatively low `` due to a reduction in arable land area , soil [loss] and insufficient irrigation .

‘ Although it seemed natural to expect that some word match scores should be good enough that they could be considered correct , thereby eliminating attempts to find alternatives to them , in fact all attempts to implement such an intuition seemed to have led to at best indifferent results and usually to positive degradation .
‘ although it seemed natural to expect that some word match scores should be good enough that they could be considered correct , thereby eliminating attempts to find alternatives to them , in fact all attempts to implement such an intuition seemed to have led to at best indifferent results and usually to positive [loss] .

If there is a small degradation of performance when 15 or more machines are in use but otherwise the network is fine , this might be regarded as a breach of warranty .
if there is a small [loss] of performance when 15 or more machines are in use but otherwise the network is fine , this might be regarded as a breach of warranty .

Volatile fatty acids ( VFAs ) , are produced by bacterial degradation of non-absorbed dietary carbohydrate and are rapidly absorbed by the colon , where they constitute a significant energy source .
volatile fatty acids ( vfas ) , are produced by bacterial [loss] of non-absorbed dietary carbohydrate and are rapidly absorbed by the colon , where they constitute a significant energy source .

Membrane peroxidation can lead to changes in membrane fluidity and permeability , enhanced rates of protein degradation , and ultimately , cell lysis .
membrane peroxidation can lead to changes in membrane fluidity and permeability , enhanced rates of protein [loss] , and ultimately , cell lysis .

Since the final common pathway in the pathogenesis of cirrhosis must be either excess production or deficient degradation of collagen by the liver , genes involved in these mechanisms are an obvious second group of potential candidates for consideration as a basis for predisposition to alcoholic fibrosis .
since the final common pathway in the pathogenesis of cirrhosis must be either excess production or deficient [loss] of collagen by the liver , genes involved in these mechanisms are an obvious second group of potential candidates for consideration as a basis for predisposition to alcoholic fibrosis .

The finding of high cGMP values , however , with a relatively low guanylate cyclase activity could suggest a reduced rate of cGMP degradation .
the finding of high cgmp values , however , with a relatively low guanylate cyclase activity could suggest a reduced rate of cgmp [loss] .

Concomitant phagocytosis internalises the chemoattractant for further degradation with subsequent lysosomal enzyme release .
concomitant phagocytosis internalises the chemoattractant for further [loss] with subsequent lysosomal enzyme release .

The increase concentrations of fibrin degradation products and concommitant reductions in the concentrations of plasminogen and fibrinogen in ascites compared with plasma , has provided indirect evidence that ascitic fluid posseses fibrinolytic properties .
the increase concentrations of fibrin [loss] products and concommitant reductions in the concentrations of plasminogen and fibrinogen in ascites compared with plasma , has provided indirect evidence that ascitic fluid posseses fibrinolytic properties .

Increased concentrations of cross linked fibrin and fibrinogen degradation products and decreased platelet counts found in the plasma after peritoneovenous shunting has led others to suggest that the coagulopathy is secondary to disseminated intravascular coagulation induced either by fibrin degradation products or thromboplastin-like substances , and that ascitic plasminogen activators would be neutralised on entry into the systemic circulation .
increased concentrations of cross linked fibrin and fibrinogen [loss] products and decreased platelet counts found in the plasma after peritoneovenous shunting has led others to suggest that the coagulopathy is secondary to disseminated intravascular coagulation induced either by fibrin [loss] products or thromboplastin-like substances , and that ascitic plasminogen activators would be neutralised on entry into the systemic circulation .

At present , the only agreement is that increased plasma concentrations of fibrinogen degradation products after insertion of a peritoneovenous shunt are an indication of shunt patency .
at present , the only agreement is that increased plasma concentrations of fibrinogen [loss] products after insertion of a peritoneovenous shunt are an indication of shunt patency .

It is widely accepted that fibrin degradation products released after the action of plasmin on fibrin contribute to the development of inflammatory changes in several organs by increasing the permeability of the vasculature to protein .
it is widely accepted that fibrin [loss] products released after the action of plasmin on fibrin contribute to the development of inflammatory changes in several organs by increasing the permeability of the vasculature to protein .

Upon consideration of the hypothesis that bile constituents and their intracolonic degradation products influence colon carcinogenesis , it has been proposed that subjects with a metabolic predisposition towards lowered serum cholesterol may also have an increased secretion of bile and hence an increased risk of developing colorectal carcinoma .
upon consideration of the hypothesis that bile constituents and their intracolonic [loss] products influence colon carcinogenesis , it has been proposed that subjects with a metabolic predisposition towards lowered serum cholesterol may also have an increased secretion of bile and hence an increased risk of developing colorectal carcinoma .

In an interview to promote his book , Morgan acknowledged that he had spent years ‘ under the influence of cocaine , planning the strategic degradation of women ’ .
in an interview to promote his book , morgan acknowledged that he had spent years ‘ under the influence of cocaine , planning the strategic [loss] of women ’ .

This vision of love as healing or therapeutic , scours desire of its irrational elements , ravenous appetite , inequality , worship , degradation and devouring .
this vision of love as healing or therapeutic , scours desire of its irrational elements , ravenous appetite , inequality , worship , [loss] and devouring .

Using samplers , slowed-down tapes , echo-box , fuzz , wah wah , bullhorns , saws , car doors ( from which they got slowed-down squeaking sounds ) , and tapes of cattle lowing , they plumbed new depths of the bass-spectrum , new limits in the degradation and deterioration of sound .
using samplers , slowed-down tapes , echo-box , fuzz , wah wah , bullhorns , saws , car doors ( from which they got slowed-down squeaking sounds ) , and tapes of cattle lowing , they plumbed new depths of the bass-spectrum , new limits in the [loss] and deterioration of sound .

Those who no longer wish to disregard the insidious pollution and degradation of the environment are driven to despair .
those who no longer wish to disregard the insidious pollution and [loss] of the environment are driven to despair .

Environmental issues — resource depletion , global warming , England 's drought , the degradation of cities and countryside — likewise produce , for electoral purposes , a shrug of politicians ' shoulders .
environmental issues — resource depletion , global warming , england 's drought , the [loss] of cities and countryside — likewise produce , for electoral purposes , a shrug of politicians ' shoulders .

All are threatened by habitat degradation by people .
all are threatened by habitat [loss] by people .

With tree-cover restored and thus degradation reversed , attention can turn to the lower ground , already over-salinated .
with tree-cover restored and thus [loss] reversed , attention can turn to the lower ground , already over-salinated .

More often it is necessary to include tests additional to those of the quality control specification : examples are tests for specific degradation products .
more often it is necessary to include tests additional to those of the quality control specification : examples are tests for specific [loss] products .

Where the product contains an active ingredient , possible mechanisms of degradation of the ingredient should be considered and investigated , e.g .
where the product contains an active ingredient , possible mechanisms of [loss] of the ingredient should be considered and investigated , e.g .

, they must differentiate between the active ingredient and possible decomposition or degradation products .
, they must differentiate between the active ingredient and possible decomposition or [loss] products .

Some preservatives are inactivated by non-ionic surface-active agents , others tend to be absorbed by plastic containers and so removed from the produce , while others may undergo degradation .
some preservatives are inactivated by non-ionic surface-active agents , others tend to be absorbed by plastic containers and so removed from the produce , while others may undergo [loss] .

The degradation products of some antimicrobials may themselves have considerable antimicrobial activity , e.g .
the [loss] products of some antimicrobials may themselves have considerable antimicrobial activity , e.g .

, thiomersal , the principal degradation product of which has greater antimicrobial efficacy than thiomersal but is also more toxic .
, thiomersal , the principal [loss] product of which has greater antimicrobial efficacy than thiomersal but is also more toxic .

Later he saw Arnold as initiating ‘ the degradation of philosophy and religion ’ .
later he saw arnold as initiating ‘ the [loss] of philosophy and religion ’ .

The poem concerns degradation of language and ritual , failings of word and Word .
the poem concerns [loss] of language and ritual , failings of word and word .

His being ‘ the Matthew Arnold of his time ’ again connects , through the scarecrow image , with the Hollow Men who , like so many of Eliot 's literary adversaries , are afflicted with a stuffed language , emptily ‘ poetic ’ , the degradation of great poetry —
his being ‘ the matthew arnold of his time ’ again connects , through the scarecrow image , with the hollow men who , like so many of eliot 's literary adversaries , are afflicted with a stuffed language , emptily ‘ poetic ’ , the [loss] of great poetry —

Ideas of childishness , linguistic degeneration , and confusion support the central theme of the degradation of essential ritual .
ideas of childishness , linguistic degeneration , and confusion support the central theme of the [loss] of essential ritual .

Setting out Labour 's case for international co-operation to strengthen world security and combat environmental degradation , Mr Kinnock said : ‘ It is an argument for global citizenship — a recognition of the fact that in the world now and for the future , passive co-existence is not enough .
setting out labour 's case for international co-operation to strengthen world security and combat environmental [loss] , mr kinnock said : ‘ it is an argument for global citizenship — a recognition of the fact that in the world now and for the future , passive co-existence is not enough .

by mineralising the compound only as a cometabolite , which means that the microorganisms require some other organic compounds for growth or to induce formation of the enzymes required for degradation of the target compound ; or
by mineralising the compound only as a cometabolite , which means that the microorganisms require some other organic compounds for growth or to induce formation of the enzymes required for [loss] of the target compound ; or

by converting the compound to some other compound , which may also be toxic and may be recalcitrant to further degradation .
by converting the compound to some other compound , which may also be toxic and may be recalcitrant to further [loss] .

Sometimes enzymes used for degradation of a target contaminant are not induced by the presence of the pollutant , either because the concentration is too low or because of the xenobiotic nature of the compound .
sometimes enzymes used for [loss] of a target contaminant are not induced by the presence of the pollutant , either because the concentration is too low or because of the xenobiotic nature of the compound .

some residual contamination may remain in the soil owing to concentrations which do not induce microbial degradation ;
some residual contamination may remain in the soil owing to concentrations which do not induce microbial [loss] ;

better mixing may also be obtained , with resulting higher levels of microbial growth and concomitant faster degradation rates ; and
better mixing may also be obtained , with resulting higher levels of microbial growth and concomitant faster [loss] rates ; and

It was very embarrassing because she talked about the pain and degradation of sex and what a trap her marriage was .
it was very embarrassing because she talked about the pain and [loss] of sex and what a trap her marriage was .

During the great epidemics , such as the successive invasions of cholera , there was neither space nor time to bury the dead with decency ; the degradation of human beings continued in death as in life .
during the great epidemics , such as the successive invasions of cholera , there was neither space nor time to bury the dead with decency ; the [loss] of human beings continued in death as in life .

In this context , soil degradation exists but , taken as a whole , is unimportant .
in this context , soil [loss] exists but , taken as a whole , is unimportant .

Boserup on the other hand gives explicit attention to environmental degradation , but in such a way as to suggest that in some cases soil erosion actually induces desirable agricultural innovations .
boserup on the other hand gives explicit attention to environmental [loss] , but in such a way as to suggest that in some cases soil erosion actually induces desirable agricultural innovations .

In a review of the present situation of soil degradation in ten countries of the Near East , Rafiq ( 1978 : 9 ) states that : ‘ in most countries only qualitative information is available , ’ a view which Stocking ( 1978a ) shares with reference to Africa .
in a review of the present situation of soil [loss] in ten countries of the near east , rafiq ( 1978 : 9 ) states that : ‘ in most countries only qualitative information is available , ’ a view which stocking ( 1978a ) shares with reference to africa .

The degradation of many soils such as those in East Anglia , England , to the extent that they are scarcely more than a physical retention medium for chemical fertiliser and moisture ( Kirkby 1980 ) , does not have the same social and economic impact as degradation of soils where the land users do not have , and may be predicted not to have in the future , the resources to make good the degradation by the application of massive doses of fertiliser ( see also Heathcote 1980 , Rennie 1982 ) .
the [loss] of many soils such as those in east anglia , england , to the extent that they are scarcely more than a physical retention medium for chemical fertiliser and moisture ( kirkby 1980 ) , does not have the same social and economic impact as [loss] of soils where the land users do not have , and may be predicted not to have in the future , the resources to make good the [loss] by the application of massive doses of fertiliser ( see also heathcote 1980 , rennie 1982 ) .

However , even in advanced capitalist countries , the economic effect of degradation and erosion may not be negligible .
however , even in advanced capitalist countries , the economic effect of [loss] and erosion may not be negligible .

Will future agriculture and pastoral technologies be induced which will protect fragile and/or eroded environments or compensate land users for productivity decline due to environmental degradation ?
will future agriculture and pastoral technologies be induced which will protect fragile and/or eroded environments or compensate land users for productivity decline due to environmental [loss] ?

Then the immigrant purchases a large tract of land , and farms it without any expenditure on soil conservation , often without chemical or organic fertiliser , until yields have declined and degradation or erosion has set in .
then the immigrant purchases a large tract of land , and farms it without any expenditure on soil conservation , often without chemical or organic fertiliser , until yields have declined and [loss] or erosion has set in .

As we shall suggest later , the relationships in which the inhabitants are enmeshed often encourage soil degradation and erosion in fragile environments — which has the effect of a vicious circle and makes it even harder for transitional and progressive technical ( and political ) changes to be made .
as we shall suggest later , the relationships in which the inhabitants are enmeshed often encourage soil [loss] and erosion in fragile environments — which has the effect of a vicious circle and makes it even harder for transitional and progressive technical ( and political ) changes to be made .

Soil degradation and erosion is caused by the interaction between land use , the natural characteristics of that land and its vegetation , and the erosive forces of water and wind ( Stewart 1970 ) .
soil [loss] and erosion is caused by the interaction between land use , the natural characteristics of that land and its vegetation , and the erosive forces of water and wind ( stewart 1970 ) .

The analysis must start therefore in areas which initially may seem remote from the physical processes which directly cause degradation and erosion .
the analysis must start therefore in areas which initially may seem remote from the physical processes which directly cause [loss] and erosion .

Soil erosion and degradation can occur in peasant and pastoral groups .
soil erosion and [loss] can occur in peasant and pastoral groups .

Soil degradation and erosion also occur in centrally planned economies , where decisions are made to use land in a non-sustainable manner .
soil [loss] and erosion also occur in centrally planned economies , where decisions are made to use land in a non-sustainable manner .

However , if farms remain profitable , yield-increasing technologies tend to mask the effect of soil degradation and erosion and make up for declines in fertility that would have occurred if land had been cultivated with a constant level of technology .
however , if farms remain profitable , yield-increasing technologies tend to mask the effect of soil [loss] and erosion and make up for declines in fertility that would have occurred if land had been cultivated with a constant level of technology .

Indeed , the existence of soil degradation and erosion is contingent on an enormous variety of human and physiographic variables , and it is probably impossible and counter-productive to attempt a single theory of soil erosion .
indeed , the existence of soil [loss] and erosion is contingent on an enormous variety of human and physiographic variables , and it is probably impossible and counter-productive to attempt a single theory of soil erosion .

Further development of Boserup 's thesis is required to uncover the reasons behind environmental degradation on the one hand , or successful intensification of land use on the other ( for a review of some of the major issues , see Brookfield 1982 ) .
further development of boserup 's thesis is required to uncover the reasons behind environmental [loss] on the one hand , or successful intensification of land use on the other ( for a review of some of the major issues , see brookfield 1982 ) .

In a general sense the evidence examined in Chapter 2 ( that in many parts of the world , soil erosion , floods , soil degradation and deforestation were probably getting worse ) could be used in a crude sense to show that conservation policies have not succeeded .
in a general sense the evidence examined in chapter 2 ( that in many parts of the world , soil erosion , floods , soil [loss] and deforestation were probably getting worse ) could be used in a crude sense to show that conservation policies have not succeeded .

In one consultant 's report it is stated ‘ Brazil has no institutions that are capable of undertaking the task of achieving soil conservation and preventing land degradation .
in one consultant 's report it is stated ‘ brazil has no institutions that are capable of undertaking the task of achieving soil conservation and preventing land [loss] .

The opening chapter of this book has put an alternative view , and in spite of an awareness of the importance of ‘ social factors ’ in environmental degradation , there is very little evidence of effectively implemented policies .
the opening chapter of this book has put an alternative view , and in spite of an awareness of the importance of ‘ social factors ’ in environmental [loss] , there is very little evidence of effectively implemented policies .

If ‘ they ’ can be made to change by education or compulsion , then the problem of soil erosion and pasture degradation would be solved .
if ‘ they ’ can be made to change by education or compulsion , then the problem of soil erosion and pasture [loss] would be solved .

In some policies the two problems are seen to be combined where the systems of farming collectively called shifting cultivation have reached a point where their carrying capacity has been exceeded , and fallow periods have become so short that degradation and erosion have set in ( Allan 1967 ) .
in some policies the two problems are seen to be combined where the systems of farming collectively called shifting cultivation have reached a point where their carrying capacity has been exceeded , and fallow periods have become so short that [loss] and erosion have set in ( allan 1967 ) .

Many of these relations directly or indirectly affect land using decisions which lead to environmental degradation .
many of these relations directly or indirectly affect land using decisions which lead to environmental [loss] .

In the case of Nepal ( Blaikie 1983 ) , the major impact of environmental degradation is felt by two groups .
in the case of nepal ( blaikie 1983 ) , the major impact of environmental [loss] is felt by two groups .

The impact of foreign aid upon environmental degradation is therefore doubly interesting , and here the need to transcend a crude determinism of economic interests is necessary .
the impact of foreign aid upon environmental [loss] is therefore doubly interesting , and here the need to transcend a crude determinism of economic interests is necessary .

In spite of low population pressure in an aggregate sense , there has been considerable degradation and erosion in the clay-rich soils which are usually the most fertile , and also in the north where rainfall intensities and runoff tend to be higher ( Robinson 1978b : 15 ) .
in spite of low population pressure in an aggregate sense , there has been considerable [loss] and erosion in the clay-rich soils which are usually the most fertile , and also in the north where rainfall intensities and runoff tend to be higher ( robinson 1978b : 15 ) .

Admittedly then , those seeking a comprehensive analysis , will have to have some a priori position on these issues since they all profoundly affect or are affected by environmental degradation .
admittedly then , those seeking a comprehensive analysis , will have to have some a priori position on these issues since they all profoundly affect or are affected by environmental [loss] .

The conclusion reached there is that environmental degradation is and will be frequently beyond the power of the state , and will only become a possibility as an incidental result of other fundamental social changes .
the conclusion reached there is that environmental [loss] is and will be frequently beyond the power of the state , and will only become a possibility as an incidental result of other fundamental social changes .

Had this acknowledgement been made , both a high birth-rate and environmental degradation would appear symptoms of a wider malaise .
had this acknowledgement been made , both a high birth-rate and environmental [loss] would appear symptoms of a wider malaise .

Thomson 's experiences abroad , where he had been confronted with every type of poverty and degradation , had nurtured his already strong humanitarian streak .
thomson 's experiences abroad , where he had been confronted with every type of poverty and [loss] , had nurtured his already strong humanitarian streak .

After the hearing Willcock issued a statement saying that the action had been symbolic : ‘ They could not move the hovels in which hundreds of decent men and women were forced to live in deprivation and degradation , or they would . '
after the hearing willcock issued a statement saying that the action had been symbolic : ‘ they could not move the hovels in which hundreds of decent men and women were forced to live in deprivation and [loss] , or they would . '

The children learned from the example of adults that it was their supreme duty to protect the Royal Family from the degradation of other people 's curiosity .
the children learned from the example of adults that it was their supreme duty to protect the royal family from the [loss] of other people 's curiosity .

Inner-city degradation requires the responsible confidence of local business to plan and invest in schemes of regeneration .
inner-city [loss] requires the responsible confidence of local business to plan and invest in schemes of regeneration .

But along the way Alice Thomas Ellis creates an ironic and vivid portrait of London , brilliantly catching its degradation and waste .
but along the way alice thomas ellis creates an ironic and vivid portrait of london , brilliantly catching its [loss] and waste .

‘ Their degradation is not yet complete .
‘ their [loss] is not yet complete .

Intensive cultivation and continued drainage of the Fens further accelerates the degradation of the land , which is increasingly subject to peat wastage through oxidation and windblow .
intensive cultivation and continued drainage of the fens further accelerates the [loss] of the land , which is increasingly subject to peat wastage through oxidation and windblow .

The most familiar example of such degradation is peat wastage .
the most familiar example of such [loss] is peat wastage .

The degradation of the thing .
the [loss] of the thing .

Obscenity ‘ represents a much more fundamental assault on men and women and what it means to be human … [ it distorts ] human personality by depicting it as deprived of those characteristics which are essential to humanity [ since ] common to all obscene productions is the degradation of persons and of relations between persons ’ .
obscenity ‘ represents a much more fundamental assault on men and women and what it means to be human … [ it distorts ] human personality by depicting it as deprived of those characteristics which are essential to humanity [ since ] common to all obscene productions is the [loss] of persons and of relations between persons ’ .

There appears to be a widely , though not universally , held opinion that the degradation of the surrogate mother is increased if she receives payment for undertaking the pregnancy .
there appears to be a widely , though not universally , held opinion that the [loss] of the surrogate mother is increased if she receives payment for undertaking the pregnancy .

The West exports the philosophy of intensive farming to developing countries , resulting in chemical dependence , over-production and degradation of the land .
the west exports the philosophy of intensive farming to developing countries , resulting in chemical dependence , over-production and [loss] of the land .

The fact that parts of Poland were virtually indistinguishable from parts of Germany in terms of social complexity , levels of absolute poverty and economic success , that the Polish szlachta and the German Junker had more in common with each other than they did with either Berliners or Warsawians , that the average Polish and German smallholders and peasants had more in common with each other than they did with their social betters and political masters — all this meant nothing , except perhaps to make the Germans more convinced that the Poles would eventually drag them down to the Polish level of degradation .
the fact that parts of poland were virtually indistinguishable from parts of germany in terms of social complexity , levels of absolute poverty and economic success , that the polish szlachta and the german junker had more in common with each other than they did with either berliners or warsawians , that the average polish and german smallholders and peasants had more in common with each other than they did with their social betters and political masters — all this meant nothing , except perhaps to make the germans more convinced that the poles would eventually drag them down to the polish level of [loss] .

And archivists like it , because if the medium carrying the recording has a limited life , it is possible to copy the sound to another medium without any degradation taking place .
and archivists like it , because if the medium carrying the recording has a limited life , it is possible to copy the sound to another medium without any [loss] taking place .

In true love there is no self-effacement , only self-fulfilment , no mutilation or degradation but transformation and transmutation into a mutual higher self where self-expression is one of mutual joy and understanding .
in true love there is no self-effacement , only self-fulfilment , no mutilation or [loss] but transformation and transmutation into a mutual higher self where self-expression is one of mutual joy and understanding .

One is that it applies to both molars and incisors ; secondly , a check of the pellet debris failed to reveal any additional isolated teeth ; and thirdly , the teeth that are present show an advanced state of degradation due to digestive corrosion ( see below ) .
one is that it applies to both molars and incisors ; secondly , a check of the pellet debris failed to reveal any additional isolated teeth ; and thirdly , the teeth that are present show an advanced state of [loss] due to digestive corrosion ( see below ) .

, was in the lowest state of barbarism and degradation .
, was in the lowest state of barbarism and [loss] .

It was melancholy to see in the civil prisons of the metropolis , remarked Grant , men whose birth , education , manners and appearance would have fitted them for occupying the highest positions in society and consequently of proving benefactors to their species , spending no inconsiderable portion of the prime of life amid scenes of deepest degradation .
it was melancholy to see in the civil prisons of the metropolis , remarked grant , men whose birth , education , manners and appearance would have fitted them for occupying the highest positions in society and consequently of proving benefactors to their species , spending no inconsiderable portion of the prime of life amid scenes of deepest [loss] .

Those few who consciously risked the consequences of disregarding it , or allowed themselves unthinkingly to slide into overindebtedness , could still suffer the degradation of what went for life behind the walls of the Marshalsea or the Kidderminster dungeon .
those few who consciously risked the consequences of disregarding it , or allowed themselves unthinkingly to slide into overindebtedness , could still suffer the [loss] of what went for life behind the walls of the marshalsea or the kidderminster dungeon .

As yet unnamed , the organism performs a novel trick — it removes the chlorine atom from the chlorobenzoate molecule , making the resulting benzoate compound vulnerable to further degradation by known aerobic microorganisms .
as yet unnamed , the organism performs a novel trick — it removes the chlorine atom from the chlorobenzoate molecule , making the resulting benzoate compound vulnerable to further [loss] by known aerobic microorganisms .

These dead cortical cells form what the authors call ‘ burned-out plaques ’ made of the neurotransmitter 's degradation products .
these dead cortical cells form what the authors call ‘ burned-out plaques ’ made of the neurotransmitter 's [loss] products .

It is simply the most dramatic manifestation of soil degradation , or ‘ desertification ’ , caused by poor agricultural techniques .
it is simply the most dramatic manifestation of soil [loss] , or ‘ desertification ’ , caused by poor agricultural techniques .

Together with overgrazing by overstocking , this led to a serious and continuing degradation of the land .
together with overgrazing by overstocking , this led to a serious and continuing [loss] of the land .

In the course of this unrelenting conflict there has arisen every possible grade of human degradation and cruelty on the one hand , and every possible grade of human nobility and sacrifice on the other .
in the course of this unrelenting conflict there has arisen every possible grade of human [loss] and cruelty on the one hand , and every possible grade of human nobility and sacrifice on the other .

At the later date , even though the ultimate degradation of slavery had been removed , a majority of the community had lost status .
at the later date , even though the ultimate [loss] of slavery had been removed , a majority of the community had lost status .

However , care must be taken when using sintering aids and impurities , both of which can lead to a degradation of properties in the body and premature failure of the prosthesis .
however , care must be taken when using sintering aids and impurities , both of which can lead to a [loss] of properties in the body and premature failure of the prosthesis .

Three further chapters deal with soil , water and the air , with summaries of transfers , degradation and models .
three further chapters deal with soil , water and the air , with summaries of transfers , [loss] and models .

Organic and Biological Chemistry : Synthesis and biosynthesis of natural products ; Asymmetric synthesis ; Enzyme chemistry ; Polymer degradation .
organic and biological chemistry : synthesis and biosynthesis of natural products ; asymmetric synthesis ; enzyme chemistry ; polymer [loss] .

Henry went on to point out the evils of sweated labour and the pay make-up system , how it fostered a disinclination to work and how it encouraged landless men to marry just so that their income would be augmented ‘ in proportion to the number of their children ’ , and how it led to degradation of the character : ‘ The weak , the indolent , and worthless worker is now secure of the maximum payment settled by the standards you have determined from parish funds , and the industrious , skilful and honest workman can expect no more … the pernicious and demoralising practice of paying wages out of rates … ought to be suppressed and prohibited .
henry went on to point out the evils of sweated labour and the pay make-up system , how it fostered a disinclination to work and how it encouraged landless men to marry just so that their income would be augmented ‘ in proportion to the number of their children ’ , and how it led to [loss] of the character : ‘ the weak , the indolent , and worthless worker is now secure of the maximum payment settled by the standards you have determined from parish funds , and the industrious , skilful and honest workman can expect no more … the pernicious and demoralising practice of paying wages out of rates … ought to be suppressed and prohibited .

They often drag down members of their family into their coal cellar of degradation as they fuel the fires of self destruction .
they often drag down members of their family into their coal cellar of [loss] as they fuel the fires of self destruction .

While there are many success stories in terms of increased food supply ( China for example can feed its entire population of 1060 million ) such developments have also brought about environmental degradation .
while there are many success stories in terms of increased food supply ( china for example can feed its entire population of 1060 million ) such developments have also brought about environmental [loss] .

In rainforest regions , deforestation is the major agent of environmental change and while it has obvious localised effects , especially in relation to soil erosion and soil degradation , there is growing concern that such large-scale destruction of biomass may have implications for climatic change ( section 5.3.1 ) .
in rainforest regions , deforestation is the major agent of environmental change and while it has obvious localised effects , especially in relation to soil erosion and soil [loss] , there is growing concern that such large-scale destruction of biomass may have implications for climatic change ( section 5.3.1 ) .

This , however , is not the case in many developing countries , especially in Africa and thus it is likely that the rate of land degradation will increase indefinitely as populations continue to grow .
this , however , is not the case in many developing countries , especially in africa and thus it is likely that the rate of land [loss] will increase indefinitely as populations continue to grow .

Desertification is the long-term degradation of drylands , resulting either from over-use by man [ sic ] and his animals , or from natural causes such as climatic fluctuations .
desertification is the long-term [loss] of drylands , resulting either from over-use by man [ sic ] and his animals , or from natural causes such as climatic fluctuations .

This is because remedial measures have been effective in some regions ( mostly in developed nations ) while in others the rate of degradation has increased .
this is because remedial measures have been effective in some regions ( mostly in developed nations ) while in others the rate of [loss] has increased .

Here , drought is the crux of the matter and whether it is caused by or causes land degradation .
here , drought is the crux of the matter and whether it is caused by or causes land [loss] .

Most of this is in the northwest where there has been a long history of land-use , involving both degradation and successful reclamation .
most of this is in the northwest where there has been a long history of land-use , involving both [loss] and successful reclamation .

As discussed in section 6.3.3 , salinisation and waterlogging are processes of environmental degradation associated with irrigation .
as discussed in section 6.3.3 , salinisation and waterlogging are processes of environmental [loss] associated with irrigation .

Environmental degradation in this region is not confined to pre-independence times ( before 1955 ) as post-independence practices and policies have not fared much better despite considerable financial assistance from the World Bank ( Wallach 1988 ) .
environmental [loss] in this region is not confined to pre-independence times ( before 1955 ) as post-independence practices and policies have not fared much better despite considerable financial assistance from the world bank ( wallach 1988 ) .

Salinisation and waterlogging are also creating environmental degradation in Iraq where some 50 per cent of the country 's 36 000 km 2 of irrigated land is affected .
salinisation and waterlogging are also creating environmental [loss] in iraq where some 50 per cent of the country 's 36 000 km 2 of irrigated land is affected .

Clearance of semi-arid savanna , coupled with overgrazing and friable soils , has resulted in annual degradation rates of between 1 and 10 mm per year , the higher rates occurring on overgrazed slopes .
clearance of semi-arid savanna , coupled with overgrazing and friable soils , has resulted in annual [loss] rates of between 1 and 10 mm per year , the higher rates occurring on overgrazed slopes .

This , combined with a 47 per cent increase in the livestock population , and an increase in human populations , led to even greater degradation between 1957 and 1964 and prompted local prohibition of clearance and cultivation .
this , combined with a 47 per cent increase in the livestock population , and an increase in human populations , led to even greater [loss] between 1957 and 1964 and prompted local prohibition of clearance and cultivation .

This in turn led to increased degradation that has been exacerbated by the subsequent use of marginal lands for cultivation .
this in turn led to increased [loss] that has been exacerbated by the subsequent use of marginal lands for cultivation .

More intensive use of tropical forests is occurring where pressure on land is so acute that fallow periods of insufficient duration are creating environmental degradation .
more intensive use of tropical forests is occurring where pressure on land is so acute that fallow periods of insufficient duration are creating environmental [loss] .

Secondly , land-use practices that involve tree crops in combination with legumes are also less likely to lead to soil degradation , while mechanised clearance for arable cropping is least beneficial , often leading to abandonment within 2 or 3 years .
secondly , land-use practices that involve tree crops in combination with legumes are also less likely to lead to soil [loss] , while mechanised clearance for arable cropping is least beneficial , often leading to abandonment within 2 or 3 years .

Nevertheless , ill-suited land-use and poor management can lead to environmental degradation with implications for present and future national economies .
nevertheless , ill-suited land-use and poor management can lead to environmental [loss] with implications for present and future national economies .

There is already evidence that , in the absence of suitable management plans , the uplands of the Philippines will rapidly undergo environmental degradation .
there is already evidence that , in the absence of suitable management plans , the uplands of the philippines will rapidly undergo environmental [loss] .

There is also evidence that land degradation is accelerating , often as a result of incautious schemes to improve productivity , and as a consequence of overgrazing and firing .
there is also evidence that land [loss] is accelerating , often as a result of incautious schemes to improve productivity , and as a consequence of overgrazing and firing .

This is a major problem in the Sahel zone where cash cropping has been mooted by Earth Report ( 1988 ) as one of the major causes of environmental degradation , and while the case presented may be oversimplified it is worth reiterating since cash cropping in general is not ( if past performance is taken as a measure ) the answer to Africa 's development problems .
this is a major problem in the sahel zone where cash cropping has been mooted by earth report ( 1988 ) as one of the major causes of environmental [loss] , and while the case presented may be oversimplified it is worth reiterating since cash cropping in general is not ( if past performance is taken as a measure ) the answer to africa 's development problems .

Overall , the world 's savanna lands ( those in Australia have been omitted from this discussion as this chapter deals specifically with developing countries ) present both considerable potential and considerable environmental degradation .
overall , the world 's savanna lands ( those in australia have been omitted from this discussion as this chapter deals specifically with developing countries ) present both considerable potential and considerable environmental [loss] .

Land-use and the vulnerability of sloping terrain to erosion are , however , not the only causes of environmental degradation .
land-use and the vulnerability of sloping terrain to erosion are , however , not the only causes of environmental [loss] .

Here , land degradation due to natural and cultural factors is widespread .
here , land [loss] due to natural and cultural factors is widespread .

The next major phase of land degradation came after the abolition of slavery in 1838 and the rise of peasant agriculture .
the next major phase of land [loss] came after the abolition of slavery in 1838 and the rise of peasant agriculture .

The problems of land degradation which characterise the Jamaican landscape are commonplace in many other Caribbean islands .
the problems of land [loss] which characterise the jamaican landscape are commonplace in many other caribbean islands .

These factors plus preferential marketing arrangements and external financial support for development projects have all contributed to land degradation .
these factors plus preferential marketing arrangements and external financial support for development projects have all contributed to land [loss] .

All agricultural systems are underpinned by the processes of energy flows and biogeochemical cycles which , when disrupted , bring about environmental degradation .
all agricultural systems are underpinned by the processes of energy flows and biogeochemical cycles which , when disrupted , bring about environmental [loss] .

But equally , in many cases such degradation can be halted by more careful consideration of environmental processes and social requirements , as this chapter has shown .
but equally , in many cases such [loss] can be halted by more careful consideration of environmental processes and social requirements , as this chapter has shown .

In addition , afforestation programmes are under way in many nations to augment the rapidly diminishing natural forest resource and in some cases to halt environmental degradation .
in addition , afforestation programmes are under way in many nations to augment the rapidly diminishing natural forest resource and in some cases to halt environmental [loss] .

Because of such ready markets , tropical and semi-tropical forests are increasingly being exploited by lumber industries , some of which are well-managed enterprises while others are major causes of forest degradation .
because of such ready markets , tropical and semi-tropical forests are increasingly being exploited by lumber industries , some of which are well-managed enterprises while others are major causes of forest [loss] .

In view of the high population of Hong Kong ( c. 5.5 million ) and their proximity to urban areas , these sites are popular for informal leisure-time activities ; already there is evidence that serious degradation has occurred due to heavy use ( Jim 1987b ) .
in view of the high population of hong kong ( c. 5.5 million ) and their proximity to urban areas , these sites are popular for informal leisure-time activities ; already there is evidence that serious [loss] has occurred due to heavy use ( jim 1987b ) .

Apart from damage caused by trampling and erosion , more widespread and long-lasting degradation can occur as a result of recreation activities .
apart from damage caused by trampling and erosion , more widespread and long-lasting [loss] can occur as a result of recreation activities .

On the one hand , heavy visitor pressures to a particular landscape feature may cause degradation to such an extent that it is no longer an attraction ; tourism thus becomes self-defeating .
on the one hand , heavy visitor pressures to a particular landscape feature may cause [loss] to such an extent that it is no longer an attraction ; tourism thus becomes self-defeating .

Indirectly , this could lead to less environmental degradation by reducing land-use pressure in areas that are already heavily cultivated and subject to degradation via soil erosion and desertification , and by reducing the impetus for deforestation ( Ch .
indirectly , this could lead to less environmental [loss] by reducing land-use pressure in areas that are already heavily cultivated and subject to [loss] via soil erosion and desertification , and by reducing the impetus for deforestation ( ch .

In an interview that trawled the depths of self-pity and degradation , Best emerged from his pool of drunkenness for a brief moment when he lucidly described England 's football team as ‘ shit ’ .
in an interview that trawled the depths of self-pity and [loss] , best emerged from his pool of drunkenness for a brief moment when he lucidly described england 's football team as ‘ shit ’ .

soil degradation ) may require hundreds or thousands of years .
soil [loss] ) may require hundreds or thousands of years .

Moreover , the cell does thermodynamic work , utilizing ATP degradation to ADP , to link amino acids together into a protein enzyme .
moreover , the cell does thermodynamic work , utilizing atp [loss] to adp , to link amino acids together into a protein enzyme .

This is true because the excess concentration of the hexamer DNA , compared to its equilibrium , could in principle be released by degradation of the hexamer to the two trimer substrates , releasing that stored free energy as this reaction couple flowed toward its own equilibrium ratio of hexamer and trimers .
this is true because the excess concentration of the hexamer dna , compared to its equilibrium , could in principle be released by [loss] of the hexamer to the two trimer substrates , releasing that stored free energy as this reaction couple flowed toward its own equilibrium ratio of hexamer and trimers .

Demonstrating Product Reliability Indicates the Product Is Ready for Production A product is reliable when it can perform over a specified period of time without failure , degradation , or need of repair .
demonstrating product reliability indicates the product is ready for production a product is reliable when it can perform over a specified period of time without failure , [loss] , or need of repair .

The possibility of loss of toxicant due to volatilization , adsorption , degradation , and uptake is reduced .
the possibility of loss of toxicant due to volatilization , adsorption , [loss] , and uptake is reduced .

The problems we would address include : fine particle pollution , visibility degradation , ozone pollution , mercury deposition , acid rain , nitrate deposition and climate change .
the problems we would address include : fine particle pollution , visibility [loss] , ozone pollution , mercury deposition , acid rain , nitrate deposition and climate change .

From terrorism to global disease or environmental degradation , the challenges have become transnational rather than international .
from terrorism to global disease or environmental [loss] , the challenges have become transnational rather than international .

Instead , the pattern that we observed raises the possibility that statins , presumably via isoprenoids ( given the reversibility with mevalonate ) , as discussed in the next section , may alter sorting of cellular holoAPP , diverting holoproteins away from terminal degradation in the endosomal/lysosomal pathway and into the constitutive secretory pathway that generates sAPP α .
instead , the pattern that we observed raises the possibility that statins , presumably via isoprenoids ( given the reversibility with mevalonate ) , as discussed in the next section , may alter sorting of cellular holoapp , diverting holoproteins away from terminal [loss] in the endosomal/lysosomal pathway and into the constitutive secretory pathway that generates sapp α .

Most ( 60 % –80 % ) newly synthesized APP is subjected to terminal intracellular degradation that generates no discrete fragments [ 5 ] .
most ( 60 % –80 % ) newly synthesized app is subjected to terminal intracellular [loss] that generates no discrete fragments [ 5 ] .

The ubiquitin-mediated degradation of key regulatory proteins has been demonstrated , or is at least likely , for all of the phytohormone response pathways ( Smalle and Vierstra 2004 ) .
the ubiquitin-mediated [loss] of key regulatory proteins has been demonstrated , or is at least likely , for all of the phytohormone response pathways ( smalle and vierstra 2004 ) .

Upon an auxin stimulus , an SCF ( SKP1/Cullin/F-box protein ) ubiquitin ligase ( Deshaies 1999 ) containing the TIR1 F-box protein ubiquitinates the Aux/IAA proteins , marking them for degradation by the 26S proteasome thereby de-repressing the response pathway ( Gray et al .
upon an auxin stimulus , an scf ( skp1/cullin/f-box protein ) ubiquitin ligase ( deshaies 1999 ) containing the tir1 f-box protein ubiquitinates the aux/iaa proteins , marking them for [loss] by the 26s proteasome thereby de-repressing the response pathway ( gray et al .

However , the recent finding that ethylene stabilizes these transcription factors , which are targeted for degradation by an SCF complex in the absence of ethylene , clearly indicates a role for the ubiquitin pathway ( Guo and Ecker 2003 ; Potuschak et al .
however , the recent finding that ethylene stabilizes these transcription factors , which are targeted for [loss] by an scf complex in the absence of ethylene , clearly indicates a role for the ubiquitin pathway ( guo and ecker 2003 ; potuschak et al .

Dani and his colleagues have recently shown that acetylcholinesterase inhibitors—which block the degradation of acetylcholine and hence prolong its action—used to treat Alzheimer disease also stimulate dopamine release .
dani and his colleagues have recently shown that acetylcholinesterase inhibitors—which block the [loss] of acetylcholine and hence prolong its action—used to treat alzheimer disease also stimulate dopamine release .

With so many proteins to target for degradation , the activity of the proteasome is subject to multiple levels of regulation .
with so many proteins to target for [loss] , the activity of the proteasome is subject to multiple levels of regulation .

In the overwhelming majority of cases , selected proteins are first “ labeled ” by the addition of several copies of a small protein tag called ubiquitin and are thus targeted for degradation in the proteasome ( Figure 1 ) .
in the overwhelming majority of cases , selected proteins are first “ labeled ” by the addition of several copies of a small protein tag called ubiquitin and are thus targeted for [loss] in the proteasome ( figure 1 ) .

The proteasome itself is made up of a multiprotein core particle ( CP ) where proteolysis occurs and a separate multiprotein regulatory particle ( RP ) that recognizes and prepares substrates for degradation by the CP .
the proteasome itself is made up of a multiprotein core particle ( cp ) where proteolysis occurs and a separate multiprotein regulatory particle ( rp ) that recognizes and prepares substrates for [loss] by the cp .

An intriguing evolutionary and structural relationship between the proteasome lid and an independent complex , the COP9 signalosome ( CSN ) , may shed light on their respective roles in regulated protein degradation .
an intriguing evolutionary and structural relationship between the proteasome lid and an independent complex , the cop9 signalosome ( csn ) , may shed light on their respective roles in regulated protein [loss] .

Further analysis of the CSN will no doubt uncover additional mechanisms whereby ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation is controlled .
further analysis of the csn will no doubt uncover additional mechanisms whereby ubiquitin-mediated protein [loss] is controlled .

This metalloprotease-like activity maps to the putative catalytic MPN+/JAMM motif of the lid subunit Rpn11 and lies at the heart of proteasome mechanism by linking deubiquitination with protein degradation .
this metalloprotease-like activity maps to the putative catalytic mpn+/jamm motif of the lid subunit rpn11 and lies at the heart of proteasome mechanism by linking deubiquitination with protein [loss] .

In principle , deubiquitination could be used for ( 1 ) recycling of ubiquitin , ( 2 ) abetting degradation by removal of the tightly folded highly stable globular ubiquitin domain , or ( 3 ) mitigating degradation by removal of the ubiquitin anchor , without which the substrate is easily released and rescued .
in principle , deubiquitination could be used for ( 1 ) recycling of ubiquitin , ( 2 ) abetting [loss] by removal of the tightly folded highly stable globular ubiquitin domain , or ( 3 ) mitigating [loss] by removal of the ubiquitin anchor , without which the substrate is easily released and rescued .

It has been proposed that long polyubiquitin chains commit a substrate to unfolding and degradation by the proteasome , whereas short chains are poor substrates because they are edited by deubiquitinating enzymes , resulting in premature substrate release ( Eytan et al .
it has been proposed that long polyubiquitin chains commit a substrate to unfolding and [loss] by the proteasome , whereas short chains are poor substrates because they are edited by deubiquitinating enzymes , resulting in premature substrate release ( eytan et al .

As an outcome of this requirement , longer polyubiquitin tags would be preferential substrates for degradation by the proteasome .
as an outcome of this requirement , longer polyubiquitin tags would be preferential substrates for [loss] by the proteasome .

Thus , the uniqueness of ubiquitin as a label for degradation may lie in its being a reversible tag .
thus , the uniqueness of ubiquitin as a label for [loss] may lie in its being a reversible tag .

Deubiquitinases , such as Rpn11 , serve as proofreading devices for reversal of fortune at various stages of the process , right up to the final step before irreversible degradation by the proteasome .
deubiquitinases , such as rpn11 , serve as proofreading devices for reversal of fortune at various stages of the process , right up to the final step before irreversible [loss] by the proteasome .

If the seepage consists of other hydrocarbons such as petroleum , their degradation with sulfate supports an even higher production of sulfide [ 14 ] .
if the seepage consists of other hydrocarbons such as petroleum , their [loss] with sulfate supports an even higher production of sulfide [ 14 ] .

Recent studies suggest that there is a relatively narrow time window for evolutionary exploration before degradation becomes the most likely outcome , typically of the order of 4 million years ( Lynch and Conery 2000 ) .
recent studies suggest that there is a relatively narrow time window for evolutionary exploration before [loss] becomes the most likely outcome , typically of the order of 4 million years ( lynch and conery 2000 ) .

Parkin is an E3 ubiquitin–protein ligase , promoting the addition of ubiquitin to target proteins prior to their degradation by the proteasome .
parkin is an e3 ubiquitin–protein ligase , promoting the addition of ubiquitin to target proteins prior to their [loss] by the proteasome .

Men must be held accountable for greater sexual responsibility and for ending sexual violence and degradation of women and girls .
men must be held accountable for greater sexual responsibility and for ending sexual violence and [loss] of women and girls .

Depending on the protein composition of the effector complex and the nature of the target sequence , the outcome can be either mRNA degradation , translational repression , or genome modification , all of which silence gene expression ( Figure 1 ) .
depending on the protein composition of the effector complex and the nature of the target sequence , the outcome can be either mrna [loss] , translational repression , or genome modification , all of which silence gene expression ( figure 1 ) .

In one type , silencing results from a block in mRNA synthesis ( transcriptional gene silencing [ TGS ] ) ; in the second type , silencing results from mRNA degradation ( posttranscriptional gene silencing [ PTGS ] ) ( Figure 1 ) .
in one type , silencing results from a block in mrna synthesis ( transcriptional gene silencing [ tgs ] ) ; in the second type , silencing results from mrna [loss] ( posttranscriptional gene silencing [ ptgs ] ) ( figure 1 ) .

Plants expressing a transgene encoding a truncated viral coat protein became resistant to the corresponding virus , a state achieved by mutual degradation of viral RNA and transgene mRNA ( Lindbo et al .
plants expressing a transgene encoding a truncated viral coat protein became resistant to the corresponding virus , a state achieved by mutual [loss] of viral rna and transgene mrna ( lindbo et al .

To recap : by 1998—the year in which RNAi was reported—plant scientists had documented sequence-specific RNA degradation ( PTGS ) , sequence-specific DNA methylation that triggered TGS , and RNA-directed DNA methylation .
to recap : by 1998—the year in which rnai was reported—plant scientists had documented sequence-specific rna [loss] ( ptgs ) , sequence-specific dna methylation that triggered tgs , and rna-directed dna methylation .

Thus , chemokine-induced upregulation of MMP12 may orchestrate lung matrix degradation both directly and indirectly through inactivation of α1-antitrypsin .
thus , chemokine-induced upregulation of mmp12 may orchestrate lung matrix [loss] both directly and indirectly through inactivation of α1-antitrypsin .

Infrastructure and Bureaucracy Another major problem is the degradation of infrastructure .
infrastructure and bureaucracy another major problem is the [loss] of infrastructure .

There was also an enrichment of genes associated with structure and permeability ; in this class several genes were ubiquitously altered in both IBD and non-IBD samples , reflecting dysregulation of genes for paracellular permeability , degradation of extracellular matrix , and barrier protection against bacterial invasion of the epithelial surface .
there was also an enrichment of genes associated with structure and permeability ; in this class several genes were ubiquitously altered in both ibd and non-ibd samples , reflecting dysregulation of genes for paracellular permeability , [loss] of extracellular matrix , and barrier protection against bacterial invasion of the epithelial surface .

He thinks that these movies are destructive , that they enjoy degradation .
he thinks that these movies are destructive , that they enjoy [loss] .

Gibson chronicles his long degradation but ca n't begin to explain it .
gibson chronicles his long [loss] but ca n't begin to explain it .

Slate contributes to the continuing degradation of the language .
slate contributes to the continuing [loss] of the language .

With the proliferation of means of communication has come a degradation of the messages .
with the proliferation of means of communication has come a [loss] of the messages .

The spread of nuclear and biological weapons , the growth of international organized crime , and global environmental degradation are a few examples .
the spread of nuclear and biological weapons , the growth of international organized crime , and global environmental [loss] are a few examples .

It would be nice to see them rage a little against the degradation of the medium they 're supposed to love .
it would be nice to see them rage a little against the [loss] of the medium they 're supposed to love .

A dispatch from the porn industry 's annual awards ceremony entertainingly and comically explains the modern porn ethos : bravado , shamelessness , and ( believe it or not ) increasing degradation of and violence toward women .
a dispatch from the porn industry 's annual awards ceremony entertainingly and comically explains the modern porn ethos : bravado , shamelessness , and ( believe it or not ) increasing [loss] of and violence toward women .

One piece raps the veep 's technorationalism : Gore believes that expert analysis can solve any problem ( environmental degradation , nuclear proliferation , etc . )
one piece raps the veep 's technorationalism : gore believes that expert analysis can solve any problem ( environmental [loss] , nuclear proliferation , etc . )

Most reviewers concur with Cliff 's assessment , but Richard Bernstein writes in the New York Times Book Review that the book is `` so focused on darkness and degradation as to be demagogic in its effect '' and calls Wideman 's version of history `` distorted '' and `` troubling . ''
most reviewers concur with cliff 's assessment , but richard bernstein writes in the new york times book review that the book is `` so focused on darkness and [loss] as to be demagogic in its effect '' and calls wideman 's version of history `` distorted '' and `` troubling . ''

For this reason , the concluding chapter , which urges urgent intervention to stop environmental degradation , felt out of place -- though it is the most thoughtful and persuasive such argument I have seen .
for this reason , the concluding chapter , which urges urgent intervention to stop environmental [loss] , felt out of place -- though it is the most thoughtful and persuasive such argument i have seen .

His is an Olympian degradation .
his is an olympian [loss] .

Wilkomirski/Doesseker traffics in the most appalling subset of the most gruesome atrocities known to humankind -- the brutal degradation and casual annihilation of uncomprehending children .
wilkomirski/doesseker traffics in the most appalling subset of the most gruesome atrocities known to humankind -- the brutal [loss] and casual annihilation of uncomprehending children .

Thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental degradation will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .
thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental [loss] will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .

Thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental degradation will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .
thanks to free markets and ( of course ) high technology , productivity will increase , environmental [loss] will decrease , genetic diseases will be eradicated , and a worldwide , multicultural civilization will flourish .

The story gives a good picture of the personal degradation involved for Clinton in giving the deposition : there were seventeen people in attendance .
the story gives a good picture of the personal [loss] involved for clinton in giving the deposition : there were seventeen people in attendance .

Episodes recorded in Kinski Uncut fall into four categories : 1 ) sexual encounters with hundreds of women , beautiful and ugly , young and old , in a grotesque pornographic idiom that excludes sensual pleasure ; 2 ) Céline-esque voyages of degradation and misery , often involving vomit , excrement , and delirium ; 3 ) excoriations of incompetent directors , producers , writers , actors , journalists , and generally , all individuals who are not Kinski ; 4 ) bouts of self-righteousness mixed with intense self-loathing .
episodes recorded in kinski uncut fall into four categories : 1 ) sexual encounters with hundreds of women , beautiful and ugly , young and old , in a grotesque pornographic idiom that excludes sensual pleasure ; 2 ) céline-esque voyages of [loss] and misery , often involving vomit , excrement , and delirium ; 3 ) excoriations of incompetent directors , producers , writers , actors , journalists , and generally , all individuals who are not kinski ; 4 ) bouts of self-righteousness mixed with intense self-loathing .

If anyone could describe the sickening plunge from respectability to degradation ( and if anyone could learn something from the experience ) , surely it would be Wachtler , who fell as far and fast as anyone can .
if anyone could describe the sickening plunge from respectability to [loss] ( and if anyone could learn something from the experience ) , surely it would be wachtler , who fell as far and fast as anyone can .

It was the visual evidence of feet of clay , a heart of sloth , a general moral degradation .
it was the visual evidence of feet of clay , a heart of sloth , a general moral [loss] .

Even in the sharper House debate , there was no substantial dispute that overpopulation strains natural resources , contributing to environmental degradation , unemployment , and hunger .
even in the sharper house debate , there was no substantial dispute that overpopulation strains natural resources , contributing to environmental [loss] , unemployment , and hunger .

Apart from the tiresome degradation of society arguments from the puritanical , everyone is familiar with this word in its many forms .
apart from the tiresome [loss] of society arguments from the puritanical , everyone is familiar with this word in its many forms .

Among the subjects he touches on in his poem are street crime , unemployment , the degradation of the welfare system , tacky urban renewal projects , overcrowding , high rents and unscrupulous landlords , noise , vehicular traffic , congestion , even problems of immigration and integration .
among the subjects he touches on in his poem are street crime , unemployment , the [loss] of the welfare system , tacky urban renewal projects , overcrowding , high rents and unscrupulous landlords , noise , vehicular traffic , congestion , even problems of immigration and integration .

It has been a commonplace of language studies to explore signs and use them to elucidate the phenomena of elevation and degradation in the language .
it has been a commonplace of language studies to explore signs and use them to elucidate the phenomena of elevation and [loss] in the language .

