The Australian aborigine is the conventional exemplar of degraded humanity ; ;
the australian aborigine is the conventional exemplar of [lowered] humanity ; ;

‘ The one thing that bullies do not like is being humiliated and degraded .
‘ the one thing that bullies do not like is being humiliated and [lowered] .

Time-Warner defended Ice-T 's rap song Cop Killer — ‘ bust some shots off , dust some cops off ’ — on grounds of freedom of expression ; while the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has allegedly encouraged film-makers to focus on the most degraded aspects of human nature , showering Oscars on The Silence of the Lambs , the story of two serial killers , one of whom skins people while the other eats them .
time-warner defended ice-t 's rap song cop killer — ‘ bust some shots off , dust some cops off ’ — on grounds of freedom of expression ; while the academy of motion picture arts and sciences has allegedly encouraged film-makers to focus on the most [lowered] aspects of human nature , showering oscars on the silence of the lambs , the story of two serial killers , one of whom skins people while the other eats them .

In films , an actor may present a degraded or violent character , but that character is just one element in a complex tableau , and will be judged in context ; whereas a song will often be seen as a personal statement from the singer .
in films , an actor may present a [lowered] or violent character , but that character is just one element in a complex tableau , and will be judged in context ; whereas a song will often be seen as a personal statement from the singer .

If ever an event set authors and psychologists an unanswerable quandary , it is the so-called beauty business who exploits who , who is most degraded and who really cares ?
if ever an event set authors and psychologists an unanswerable quandary , it is the so-called beauty business who exploits who , who is most [lowered] and who really cares ?

Subject to certain conditions , particular encouragement will be given to proposals where development utilises degraded land , and where the development would result in demonstrable improvements to amenity , landscape , nature conservation or public access .
subject to certain conditions , particular encouragement will be given to proposals where development utilises [lowered] land , and where the development would result in demonstrable improvements to amenity , landscape , nature conservation or public access .

It was too dear to her to take on ‘ the degraded position of a woman who had forsaken husband and child and formed a union with her lover … she would always be a guilty woman continually threatened with exposure , deceiving her husband for the sake of a shameful union with a man who was a stranger and independent of her , and with whom she could not live a united life .
it was too dear to her to take on ‘ the [lowered] position of a woman who had forsaken husband and child and formed a union with her lover … she would always be a guilty woman continually threatened with exposure , deceiving her husband for the sake of a shameful union with a man who was a stranger and independent of her , and with whom she could not live a united life .

These would inevitably introduce distortion , noise and hiss and the signal would gradually become degraded to the point where it became unintelligible .
these would inevitably introduce distortion , noise and hiss and the signal would gradually become [lowered] to the point where it became unintelligible .

After his inevitable conviction Cranmer was brought from prison in Oxford to the University Church of St Mary the Virgin to be formally degraded by the papal commissioners .
after his inevitable conviction cranmer was brought from prison in oxford to the university church of st mary the virgin to be formally [lowered] by the papal commissioners .

Short-wave radio communications are disrupted and the positional accuracy obtainable from satellite navigation systems is degraded because of the disturbed state of the ionosphere .
short-wave radio communications are disrupted and the positional accuracy obtainable from satellite navigation systems is [lowered] because of the disturbed state of the ionosphere .

The solvents persist for many years , and can take a long time to be degraded or removed ; the good news is that , unlike some other forms of pollution , spillages of volatile organochlorines are apparently becoming rarer as awareness of the consequences of poor practice increases .
the solvents persist for many years , and can take a long time to be [lowered] or removed ; the good news is that , unlike some other forms of pollution , spillages of volatile organochlorines are apparently becoming rarer as awareness of the consequences of poor practice increases .

Those who take the view that capitalism operates to favour those with capital at the expense of those who merely have their labour to sell tend to believe that when new technology is developed and applied in a basically capitalist society the result is likely to be that jobs are degraded and the quality of working life of those in employment suffers .
those who take the view that capitalism operates to favour those with capital at the expense of those who merely have their labour to sell tend to believe that when new technology is developed and applied in a basically capitalist society the result is likely to be that jobs are [lowered] and the quality of working life of those in employment suffers .

Interwar balcony-access flats are the most reviled and degraded of all local-authority housing types , so it 's odd to find the Butlins versions still functioning so well for their temporary inhabitants .
interwar balcony-access flats are the most reviled and [lowered] of all local-authority housing types , so it 's odd to find the butlins versions still functioning so well for their temporary inhabitants .

She felt degraded and diminished without being able to isolate a single snub except that one word , Paddies .
she felt [lowered] and diminished without being able to isolate a single snub except that one word , paddies .

She felt angry and degraded , the child she carried equally despised .
she felt angry and [lowered] , the child she carried equally despised .

It argued that work is continually de-skilled and degraded through the interaction of technical change and international patterns of capital accumulation .
it argued that work is continually de-skilled and [lowered] through the interaction of technical change and international patterns of capital accumulation .

Whether it is viewed as a physical or metaphysical symbol , the image has never been so degraded as it is today .
whether it is viewed as a physical or metaphysical symbol , the image has never been so [lowered] as it is today .

It gladdened him to see how even these degraded surroundings were touched by a curious beauty , as he watched the little gangs of miners making their way home , black as sweeps , in the white snow at twilight .
it gladdened him to see how even these [lowered] surroundings were touched by a curious beauty , as he watched the little gangs of miners making their way home , black as sweeps , in the white snow at twilight .

The inferior and degraded had become the norm .
the inferior and [lowered] had become the norm .

The family is the basis of any healthy society , but today it is being broken-up and degraded by materialism , anti-culturalism and sexual perversion .
the family is the basis of any healthy society , but today it is being broken-up and [lowered] by materialism , anti-culturalism and sexual perversion .

When Thersites sees soldiers — we would have to change the modern parallel to those semi-pornographic animated cartoons like Ralph Bakshi 's Heavy Traffic and Fritz the Cat , or sado-masochistic literature — he sees a degraded struggle over a whore by men running with disease .
when thersites sees soldiers — we would have to change the modern parallel to those semi-pornographic animated cartoons like ralph bakshi 's heavy traffic and fritz the cat , or sado-masochistic literature — he sees a [lowered] struggle over a whore by men running with disease .

In the group to the mistress , as every reader has seen , the feelings expressed are bitter , cynical , degraded ; so the pronouns suffer the same change .
in the group to the mistress , as every reader has seen , the feelings expressed are bitter , cynical , [lowered] ; so the pronouns suffer the same change .

In 144 the situation is even more degraded .
in 144 the situation is even more [lowered] .

It is difficult to decide whether the audience or the speaker was more degraded by participation in these ‘ homage-giving ’ events .
it is difficult to decide whether the audience or the speaker was more [lowered] by participation in these ‘ homage-giving ’ events .

Ultimately , the cost is overload and the response of people to overload is stress , prioritizing , queuing of information ( or problems ) , and , ultimately , degraded performance .
ultimately , the cost is overload and the response of people to overload is stress , prioritizing , queuing of information ( or problems ) , and , ultimately , [lowered] performance .

They want to be degraded by the system and die in a pool of their own vomit in a motel , where rooms are rented by the hour to cowboys .
they want to be [lowered] by the system and die in a pool of their own vomit in a motel , where rooms are rented by the hour to cowboys .

On the other hand there is clinical evidence that the right hemisphere is better than the left in recognition of visually degraded stimuli even when these are letters and thus verbal in nature ( Faglioni , Scotti and Spinnler , 1969 ) .
on the other hand there is clinical evidence that the right hemisphere is better than the left in recognition of visually [lowered] stimuli even when these are letters and thus verbal in nature ( faglioni , scotti and spinnler , 1969 ) .

Transmission across the callosum takes time and necessitates crossing at least one synaptic junction , during which the information is said to undergo some degree of transformation such that it arrives at the second hemisphere in a comparatively degraded state ( McKeever and Huling , 1971a ; Gross , 1972 ; Gibson , Dimond and Gazzaniga , 1972 ) .
transmission across the callosum takes time and necessitates crossing at least one synaptic junction , during which the information is said to undergo some degree of transformation such that it arrives at the second hemisphere in a comparatively [lowered] state ( mckeever and huling , 1971a ; gross , 1972 ; gibson , dimond and gazzaniga , 1972 ) .

Second , information is either degraded in passing from the right to the left hemisphere or else is less efficiently processed by the right half of the brain .
second , information is either [lowered] in passing from the right to the left hemisphere or else is less efficiently processed by the right half of the brain .

It has a dichotomous aspect , in that most workers are degraded to the status of mere machine minders while a restricted cadre is invested with the scientific/technical knowledge necessary for the development of production .
it has a dichotomous aspect , in that most workers are [lowered] to the status of mere machine minders while a restricted cadre is invested with the scientific/technical knowledge necessary for the development of production .

It also seems somewhat inevitable that the collective impression of the work of the women artists included , Janine Antoni , Rachel Evans , Cindy Sherman and Kiki Smith , would have to be a suitably sour comment on the degraded position occupied by the female body in popular culture .
it also seems somewhat inevitable that the collective impression of the work of the women artists included , janine antoni , rachel evans , cindy sherman and kiki smith , would have to be a suitably sour comment on the [lowered] position occupied by the female body in popular culture .

The foral institutions , which preserved the status of the peasant , degraded merchants and lawyers into second-class citizens : seen from the towns , rustic democracy appeared an oligarchy rigged by rural notables .
the foral institutions , which preserved the status of the peasant , [lowered] merchants and lawyers into second-class citizens : seen from the towns , rustic democracy appeared an oligarchy rigged by rural notables .

In the smaller villages of the Sierras life was isolated and stagnant , a degraded survival , semi-pastoral , semi-agricultural , with timber as an important source of income .
in the smaller villages of the sierras life was isolated and stagnant , a [lowered] survival , semi-pastoral , semi-agricultural , with timber as an important source of income .

Andrea used her skills to create a performance piece , ‘ Trapeze ’ , in which randomly edited and visually degraded news footage is projected over her suspended body .
andrea used her skills to create a performance piece , ‘ trapeze ’ , in which randomly edited and visually [lowered] news footage is projected over her suspended body .

Not much like this degraded meat — this meal
not much like this [lowered] meat — this meal

What there are plenty of are judgmental adjectives : Pamella , the naughty thing , is ‘ degraded ’ , ‘ sick ’ , ‘ sleazy ’ , ‘ corrupt ’ , ‘ scheming ’ , ‘ pushy ’ , ‘ thick-skinned ’ , ‘ shrewd ’ , ‘ disturbed ’ , ‘ seriously disturbed ’ , ‘ squalid ’ .
what there are plenty of are judgmental adjectives : pamella , the naughty thing , is ‘ [lowered] ’ , ‘ sick ’ , ‘ sleazy ’ , ‘ corrupt ’ , ‘ scheming ’ , ‘ pushy ’ , ‘ thick-skinned ’ , ‘ shrewd ’ , ‘ disturbed ’ , ‘ seriously disturbed ’ , ‘ squalid ’ .

where grievous excess of physical suffering is bred , large parts of the same soil yield , side by side with it , evils of another kind … in some of the regions of insanitary influence , civilization and morals suffer almost equally with health … education … is little likely to penetrate , unless with amended sanitary law , nor human life to be morally raised while physically it is so degraded and squandered .
where grievous excess of physical suffering is bred , large parts of the same soil yield , side by side with it , evils of another kind … in some of the regions of insanitary influence , civilization and morals suffer almost equally with health … education … is little likely to penetrate , unless with amended sanitary law , nor human life to be morally raised while physically it is so [lowered] and squandered .

Such a condition leads to a degraded cliff , one that is principally the product of subaerial erosion and only locally sharpened at the base by marine erosion .
such a condition leads to a [lowered] cliff , one that is principally the product of subaerial erosion and only locally sharpened at the base by marine erosion .

Whether erosion is active on any cliff may be established by the nature of the cliff profile : an actively eroded soft cliff shows evidence of scouring at its base , and the cliff above will have signs of active slumping of the unconsolidated material ; a dead cliff in incoherent material will quickly become degraded and covered in vegetation ( Fig.8.4 ) Good examples of dead cliffs are to be found behind Romney Marsh , Morfa Dyffryn in Merionethshire , and the dune complex at Winterton Ness in Norfolk .
whether erosion is active on any cliff may be established by the nature of the cliff profile : an actively eroded soft cliff shows evidence of scouring at its base , and the cliff above will have signs of active slumping of the unconsolidated material ; a dead cliff in incoherent material will quickly become [lowered] and covered in vegetation ( fig.8.4 ) good examples of dead cliffs are to be found behind romney marsh , morfa dyffryn in merionethshire , and the dune complex at winterton ness in norfolk .

Many British cliffs are degraded , inactive cliffs .
many british cliffs are [lowered] , inactive cliffs .

This can be seen very clearly on some parts of the North Devon and Welsh coasts , for example round Llangranog in Cardiganshire , where the greater part of the cliff profile consists of a vegetated , degraded cliff with a sharp active section at the base ( Fig .
this can be seen very clearly on some parts of the north devon and welsh coasts , for example round llangranog in cardiganshire , where the greater part of the cliff profile consists of a vegetated , [lowered] cliff with a sharp active section at the base ( fig .

If the wavecut platform extends much further seawards than the projection of the degraded cliff it seems very likely that much of the platform was cut in the past at the foot of the cliff which has now become degraded and not in relation to the present active section at the bottom of the cliff , the state of affairs shown in Fig .
if the wavecut platform extends much further seawards than the projection of the [lowered] cliff it seems very likely that much of the platform was cut in the past at the foot of the cliff which has now become [lowered] and not in relation to the present active section at the bottom of the cliff , the state of affairs shown in fig .

The high sea levels of the Pleistocene , corresponding to the interglacials , are often held to have been responsible for highly degraded marine terraces now found at altitudes up to about 70 m ( 230 ft ) above present sea level .
the high sea levels of the pleistocene , corresponding to the interglacials , are often held to have been responsible for highly [lowered] marine terraces now found at altitudes up to about 70 m ( 230 ft ) above present sea level .

However , as terraces are usually degraded and as it is usually extremely difficult to determine their precise limits , a degree of accuracy lower than that required for the long profiles of streams is permissible .
however , as terraces are usually [lowered] and as it is usually extremely difficult to determine their precise limits , a degree of accuracy lower than that required for the long profiles of streams is permissible .

Sheer misinterpretation of a part of the present surface as degraded terrace when in fact it was not .
sheer misinterpretation of a part of the present surface as [lowered] terrace when in fact it was not .

The Ahaggar is also volcanic , but activity ceased earlier than in the Tibesti and it is now more degraded , although the wrecks of the ancient volcanoes still reach to about 3000 m ( 10,000 ft ) .
the ahaggar is also volcanic , but activity ceased earlier than in the tibesti and it is now more [lowered] , although the wrecks of the ancient volcanoes still reach to about 3000 m ( 10,000 ft ) .

You can see several of the topographic features discussed in the preceding section : a floor lower than the terrain beyond the rim ; the central peaks ; the wall slumps ; a floor flattened by infill ; an ( rather degraded ) ejecta blanket ; small surrounding craters , some of which can be shown to be secondaries .
you can see several of the topographic features discussed in the preceding section : a floor lower than the terrain beyond the rim ; the central peaks ; the wall slumps ; a floor flattened by infill ; an ( rather [lowered] ) ejecta blanket ; small surrounding craters , some of which can be shown to be secondaries .

Topographic features are degraded by the impacts of bodies smaller than a few millimetres , by finely divided ejecta , by the solar wind and by seismic waves .
topographic features are [lowered] by the impacts of bodies smaller than a few millimetres , by finely divided ejecta , by the solar wind and by seismic waves .

Although each scheme has its pros and cons , and slight modifications might soften its impact , the cumulative effect is irreversible landscape damage , increased pollution and a degraded quality of life .
although each scheme has its pros and cons , and slight modifications might soften its impact , the cumulative effect is irreversible landscape damage , increased pollution and a [lowered] quality of life .

Until the mid-eighties Denmark Farm had been run as an intensive stock farm which , inevitably , had produced a degraded environment for wildlife — wet meadows and marshes drained ; traditional hay meadows ploughed and reseeded to rye grass ; all wild corners cleared ; and an old orchard , hedgerow and two-acre bluebell wood grubbed out .
until the mid-eighties denmark farm had been run as an intensive stock farm which , inevitably , had produced a [lowered] environment for wildlife — wet meadows and marshes drained ; traditional hay meadows ploughed and reseeded to rye grass ; all wild corners cleared ; and an old orchard , hedgerow and two-acre bluebell wood grubbed out .

The Bank has declared its intention to restrict itself to reafforestation projects , bringing degraded land back into production , developing secondary forests and financing the policing of ancient forests .
the bank has declared its intention to restrict itself to reafforestation projects , bringing [lowered] land back into production , developing secondary forests and financing the policing of ancient forests .

It is described by the Commission as `` an exposed , degraded landscape `` .
it is described by the commission as `` an exposed , [lowered] landscape `` .

According to the report , pollution is so bad that even 100 kilometres away in the national capital of Prague , up to 99.3 per cent of the 1.2 million people live in a highly degraded environment as a direct result .
according to the report , pollution is so bad that even 100 kilometres away in the national capital of prague , up to 99.3 per cent of the 1.2 million people live in a highly [lowered] environment as a direct result .

Fires set to control weeds on degraded pastures also spread , particularly to selectively logged areas as in Para , Brazil , as the gaps left have tracks connecting them and plenty of fuel : such have had devastating effects in Borneo during seasonal droughts ( see section 2.2.2 ) .
fires set to control weeds on [lowered] pastures also spread , particularly to selectively logged areas as in para , brazil , as the gaps left have tracks connecting them and plenty of fuel : such have had devastating effects in borneo during seasonal droughts ( see section 2.2.2 ) .

With the addition of legumes and appropriate management , it is alleged that pasture productivity can be maintained but the grasslands are quickly invaded by inedible weeds such that by 1978 , 20 % of the pasture area in Amazonia was degraded .
with the addition of legumes and appropriate management , it is alleged that pasture productivity can be maintained but the grasslands are quickly invaded by inedible weeds such that by 1978 , 20 % of the pasture area in amazonia was [lowered] .

The guidelines include commitments to : * provide technical assistance to local and regional authorities in the introduction and enforcement of environmental standards ; * promote direct investment to environmental enterprises , an infrastructural work , particularly in areas whose environment has become degraded ; and * support environmental training and public information .
the guidelines include commitments to : * provide technical assistance to local and regional authorities in the introduction and enforcement of environmental standards ; * promote direct investment to environmental enterprises , an infrastructural work , particularly in areas whose environment has become [lowered] ; and * support environmental training and public information .

However , Dr Tim Synott of the Oxford Forestry Institute suggested that plantations might be suitable on some formerly-forested lands that had become so degraded as to have very little biological value .
however , dr tim synott of the oxford forestry institute suggested that plantations might be suitable on some formerly-forested lands that had become so [lowered] as to have very little biological value .

Those who are hurt when the environment is degraded , and who stand to gain the most from sound policies , are often the poor and the weak .
those who are hurt when the environment is [lowered] , and who stand to gain the most from sound policies , are often the poor and the weak .

The largest increase in funding is to go to coastal conservation , which received an increase of 25 per cent to 134 million francs , followed by money to rehabilitate degraded areas .
the largest increase in funding is to go to coastal conservation , which received an increase of 25 per cent to 134 million francs , followed by money to rehabilitate [lowered] areas .

She had felt cheap and degraded , bitter .
she had felt cheap and [lowered] , bitter .

However , once printed text has been photocopied a few times , or faxed , or degraded in some other way , the characters can become similarly indistinct .
however , once printed text has been photocopied a few times , or faxed , or [lowered] in some other way , the characters can become similarly indistinct .

Even the most ‘ degraded ’ of women in terms of bourgeois ideology , those subjected to the Contagious Diseases Act , were capable of vigorously defending themselves .
even the most ‘ [lowered] ’ of women in terms of bourgeois ideology , those subjected to the contagious diseases act , were capable of vigorously defending themselves .

It has a short half-life of five to 10 minutes and is normally degraded locally by lymphocytes ; if excess interleukin-2 reaches the bloodstream , however , it is rapidly cleared from the body by the kidneys .
it has a short half-life of five to 10 minutes and is normally [lowered] locally by lymphocytes ; if excess interleukin-2 reaches the bloodstream , however , it is rapidly cleared from the body by the kidneys .

An additional problem is that the resource requirements for the necessary development work may result in a degraded service to lexicographers and may displace the interactive work of lexicographers from time to time .
an additional problem is that the resource requirements for the necessary development work may result in a [lowered] service to lexicographers and may displace the interactive work of lexicographers from time to time .

According to the Swedish psychologist A.Kjellberg , lapses are the most dramatic outcomes of lowered arousal , but as the sleepy subject is performing a work-paced task for any length of time his responses become degraded even before the occurrence of frank lapses in attention .
according to the swedish psychologist a.kjellberg , lapses are the most dramatic outcomes of lowered arousal , but as the sleepy subject is performing a work-paced task for any length of time his responses become [lowered] even before the occurrence of frank lapses in attention .

The philosophy of ‘ isms ’ has been degraded here , but when we last spoke you described yourself as an ‘ independent socialist ’ .
the philosophy of ‘ isms ’ has been [lowered] here , but when we last spoke you described yourself as an ‘ independent socialist ’ .

They are degraded for , in the literal sense , they live outside the grades or categories which the community regards as acceptable .
they are [lowered] for , in the literal sense , they live outside the grades or categories which the community regards as acceptable .

The debate on the Bill to bring back whipping was a thoroughly undignified affair in which the principles of the matter seemed to count less than considerations such as the size and weight of the flogging instrument to be used : calculations made necessary no less by the desire to limit the discretion of ‘ judges infected by maudlin sentimentality ’ , than by the requirement that it should measure up to the brutes who were ‘ so degraded , that they could only be deterred by forcible appeals to their fear of physical pain ’ .
the debate on the bill to bring back whipping was a thoroughly undignified affair in which the principles of the matter seemed to count less than considerations such as the size and weight of the flogging instrument to be used : calculations made necessary no less by the desire to limit the discretion of ‘ judges infected by maudlin sentimentality ’ , than by the requirement that it should measure up to the brutes who were ‘ so [lowered] , that they could only be deterred by forcible appeals to their fear of physical pain ’ .

Visibility from the left-hand seat is above average for an American aircraft ; you can see all around , except for about 30° in the rear , and visibility upwards is acceptable but slightly degraded by the roof which wraps around to the sides of the cabin .
visibility from the left-hand seat is above average for an american aircraft ; you can see all around , except for about 30° in the rear , and visibility upwards is acceptable but slightly [lowered] by the roof which wraps around to the sides of the cabin .

The Division has continued to concentrate on applying remedial treatment to degraded material in the map collection .
the division has continued to concentrate on applying remedial treatment to [lowered] material in the map collection .

Oral permeability tests are more likely to reflect small intestinal permeability , and oral sugar markers may be degraded by colonic bacteria before they cross the mucosa rendering them less suitable for assessing colonic permeability .
oral permeability tests are more likely to reflect small intestinal permeability , and oral sugar markers may be [lowered] by colonic bacteria before they cross the mucosa rendering them less suitable for assessing colonic permeability .

There is increased bacterial degradation of bile salts after cholecystectomy and the main degraded bile salt , deoxycholate , induces urgent defecation if it is instilled into the rectum .
there is increased bacterial degradation of bile salts after cholecystectomy and the main [lowered] bile salt , deoxycholate , induces urgent defecation if it is instilled into the rectum .

She felt angry and degraded .
she felt angry and [lowered] .

The editor added that a girl had remarked to him that ‘ she thought that many of the supposed erotic pictures in It degraded the female ’ .
the editor added that a girl had remarked to him that ‘ she thought that many of the supposed erotic pictures in it [lowered] the female ’ .

He had revealed more of his degraded sensibilities than he knew , in thus equating himself with his travesty of life and Elizabeth with some monster yet uncreated .
he had revealed more of his [lowered] sensibilities than he knew , in thus equating himself with his travesty of life and elizabeth with some monster yet uncreated .

The aim of this investigation is to determine how well the syntax analyser behaves when the lattice is successively degraded .
the aim of this investigation is to determine how well the syntax analyser behaves when the lattice is successively [lowered] .

The consistency of the behaviour of the syntax analyser given seriously degraded input is reassuring .
the consistency of the behaviour of the syntax analyser given seriously [lowered] input is reassuring .

The language is so degraded now , itself so far out that it is impossible to take seriously .
the language is so [lowered] now , itself so far out that it is impossible to take seriously .

Since 1970 Japan has shown how rice yields can be raised on average 0.9 per year ; matched with a major international effort to protect soil , conserve water and restore the productivity of degraded land , there is no reason why the basic nutritional needs of the world can not be met .
since 1970 japan has shown how rice yields can be raised on average 0.9 per year ; matched with a major international effort to protect soil , conserve water and restore the productivity of [lowered] land , there is no reason why the basic nutritional needs of the world can not be met .

Some of these are explored in the pages to come : computers which siphon even more power from the people who operate them ; a dynamic but degraded city ; a hippie alternative to capitalism which failed because it never really analysed the problem .
some of these are explored in the pages to come : computers which siphon even more power from the people who operate them ; a dynamic but [lowered] city ; a hippie alternative to capitalism which failed because it never really analysed the problem .

In the pornographic portrayal of the sexual act women are overpowered and silenced , strapped helpless to tables , bound spreadeagled on beds , humiliated , degraded , gagged , handcuffed , beaten , assaulted with gun , knife , whip , penis .
in the pornographic portrayal of the sexual act women are overpowered and silenced , strapped helpless to tables , bound spreadeagled on beds , humiliated , [lowered] , gagged , handcuffed , beaten , assaulted with gun , knife , whip , penis .

Any view which gives speech precedence over writing must be basing its preference on this sort of hierarchical model , which implicitly places ideas in a commanding position at the top , and writing as a degraded form of representation at the bottom .
any view which gives speech precedence over writing must be basing its preference on this sort of hierarchical model , which implicitly places ideas in a commanding position at the top , and writing as a [lowered] form of representation at the bottom .

In such a well studied and carefully recorded area , is there anything new that can be said about this Bronze Age landscape ? We have already seen that the appearance of Dartmoor is man-made ; following woodland clearance the soil degraded , and eventually blanket bog , and possibly a cooler and wetter climate , led people to abandon permanent settlements there and use the moor solely as temporary seasonal pasture ( and later for mining ) .
in such a well studied and carefully recorded area , is there anything new that can be said about this bronze age landscape ? we have already seen that the appearance of dartmoor is man-made ; following woodland clearance the soil [lowered] , and eventually blanket bog , and possibly a cooler and wetter climate , led people to abandon permanent settlements there and use the moor solely as temporary seasonal pasture ( and later for mining ) .

But many argued that evacuation had revealed more clearly than ever the existence of a degraded ‘ underclass ’ , and in the late 1940s and 1950s several inconclusive but much-publicised surveys were conducted into the precise numerical incidence of problem families in Britain .
but many argued that evacuation had revealed more clearly than ever the existence of a [lowered] ‘ underclass ’ , and in the late 1940s and 1950s several inconclusive but much-publicised surveys were conducted into the precise numerical incidence of problem families in britain .

With the illicit amorous adventures of wives in the situation of the eternal triangle ( husband , wife , lover ) being the most common single dramatic type in the fabliaux , the most frequent type as the object of ridicule is the deceived husband , often not merely cuckolded but on occasion beaten or otherwise degraded or abused as well ; and what is more after all this sometimes so utterly deceived that he remains happy in the delusion that his wife has proved herself faithful to him .
with the illicit amorous adventures of wives in the situation of the eternal triangle ( husband , wife , lover ) being the most common single dramatic type in the fabliaux , the most frequent type as the object of ridicule is the deceived husband , often not merely cuckolded but on occasion beaten or otherwise [lowered] or abused as well ; and what is more after all this sometimes so utterly deceived that he remains happy in the delusion that his wife has proved herself faithful to him .

We may now hope that , with the rebirth of our own mythology from music , the abstractions and the shallow optimism that have degraded the German genius for so long will make way for a new strength and joyful seriousness .
we may now hope that , with the rebirth of our own mythology from music , the abstractions and the shallow optimism that have [lowered] the german genius for so long will make way for a new strength and joyful seriousness .

Furthermore , lipid peroxidation mediated by oxygen free radicals is believed to be an important cause of destruction and damage to cell membranes , because polyunsaturated fatty acids of the cellular membranes are degraded by the lipid peroxidation with consequent disruption of membrane integrity .
furthermore , lipid peroxidation mediated by oxygen free radicals is believed to be an important cause of destruction and damage to cell membranes , because polyunsaturated fatty acids of the cellular membranes are [lowered] by the lipid peroxidation with consequent disruption of membrane integrity .

It has been postulated that increased dietary animal fats produce excessive amounts of primary bile salts , which are then subsequently degraded by colonic bacteria to potentially carcinogenic secondary bile salts .
it has been postulated that increased dietary animal fats produce excessive amounts of primary bile salts , which are then subsequently [lowered] by colonic bacteria to potentially carcinogenic secondary bile salts .

If any one of them is defective , communication is degraded .
if any one of them is defective , communication is [lowered] .

As a consequence , the very idea of politics became degraded and execrated in the minds of the citizens , as it seemed to them synonymous with lawlessness , mendacity and opportunism .
as a consequence , the very idea of politics became [lowered] and execrated in the minds of the citizens , as it seemed to them synonymous with lawlessness , mendacity and opportunism .

Down he goes , splashing now thigh-deep through the refuse-stink of the deeper levels , where human life has degraded along with the rubbish that has fallen there .
down he goes , splashing now thigh-deep through the refuse-stink of the deeper levels , where human life has [lowered] along with the rubbish that has fallen there .

Think and think again of the number of different rooms , the multitude of different beds , the mirrors , the endless dark stairways , the duplicated obscenities , the handfuls of folded pound notes , the sordid exchanges in doorways or park benches , the varied postures of so many unclean and degraded females spreadeagling themselves for lucre , the bodily smells , the cheap perfumes , the wasted seed , the anxieties about disease , the fears of recognition and the intolerable pressure of guilt that would inevitably descend like a black mantle over even the most vulgar and sensual head .
think and think again of the number of different rooms , the multitude of different beds , the mirrors , the endless dark stairways , the duplicated obscenities , the handfuls of folded pound notes , the sordid exchanges in doorways or park benches , the varied postures of so many unclean and [lowered] females spreadeagling themselves for lucre , the bodily smells , the cheap perfumes , the wasted seed , the anxieties about disease , the fears of recognition and the intolerable pressure of guilt that would inevitably descend like a black mantle over even the most vulgar and sensual head .

There is an inexorable logic about McCabe 's observation of the process by which the child Francie 's engaging , restless , questioning personality is gradually mutated by a brutalising absence of love or understanding or any sort of kindness , into that of a deranged adult murderer , behind whose insane and degraded behaviour , are still to be seen the vestigial lineaments of an injured child .
there is an inexorable logic about mccabe 's observation of the process by which the child francie 's engaging , restless , questioning personality is gradually mutated by a brutalising absence of love or understanding or any sort of kindness , into that of a deranged adult murderer , behind whose insane and [lowered] behaviour , are still to be seen the vestigial lineaments of an injured child .

Human pressures on the Amazon , however , are intense , and the dolphin 's habitat is being rapidly developed and degraded .
human pressures on the amazon , however , are intense , and the dolphin 's habitat is being rapidly developed and [lowered] .

He is convinced , though , that the water vole would have withstood the pressures on it brought about by the mink had the vole 's habitat been less degraded .
he is convinced , though , that the water vole would have withstood the pressures on it brought about by the mink had the vole 's habitat been less [lowered] .

Of this , 15 to 20 per cent is already severely degraded .
of this , 15 to 20 per cent is already severely [lowered] .

It will take decades to reclaim the degraded dry lands of Australia by such means .
it will take decades to reclaim the [lowered] dry lands of australia by such means .

It also seems that our Herr Steinmark had some … some degraded habits .
it also seems that our herr steinmark had some … some [lowered] habits .

By other forms of reproduction an image may be more or less degraded , so that nothing can be learnt from them .
by other forms of reproduction an image may be more or less [lowered] , so that nothing can be learnt from them .

But in the degraded human being the deep instincts have gone dead , and the two flows become identical . ( pp. 313–14 )
but in the [lowered] human being the deep instincts have gone dead , and the two flows become identical . ( pp. 313–14 )

In general , microorganisms present at the site have had sufficient opportunity to adapt to the contaminants and have degraded the waste to some extent .
in general , microorganisms present at the site have had sufficient opportunity to adapt to the contaminants and have [lowered] the waste to some extent .

As a result , the wider human habitat , far from being humanised and ennobled by man 's agricultural activities , becomes standardised to dreariness or even degraded to ugliness ’ .
as a result , the wider human habitat , far from being humanised and ennobled by man 's agricultural activities , becomes standardised to dreariness or even [lowered] to ugliness ’ .

He was the one who got degraded , there was no doubt about that .
he was the one who got [lowered] , there was no doubt about that .

Policy-makers and commentators in many countries of the world have often assumed that small farmers and peasants in mountainous and/or environmentally degraded areas will abandon their hillside plots if given other opportunities elsewhere , so that the state by various means can ease population pressure on steep slopes by encouraging or at least not inhibiting colonisation of new areas .
policy-makers and commentators in many countries of the world have often assumed that small farmers and peasants in mountainous and/or environmentally [lowered] areas will abandon their hillside plots if given other opportunities elsewhere , so that the state by various means can ease population pressure on steep slopes by encouraging or at least not inhibiting colonisation of new areas .

Freeman ( 1980 ) estimates that 80 per cent of Bolivia 's farmlands and grazing areas are eroded in varying degrees , and rangelands are degraded down to 10 per cent of their original productivity .
freeman ( 1980 ) estimates that 80 per cent of bolivia 's farmlands and grazing areas are eroded in varying degrees , and rangelands are [lowered] down to 10 per cent of their original productivity .

Unless there is a concerted effort on the part of government and responsible agencies , independent organisations and enterprises to lend their legislative and practical determination and financial support to finding solutions , the heritage on which tourism depends will be irreversibly degraded if not destroyed .
unless there is a concerted effort on the part of government and responsible agencies , independent organisations and enterprises to lend their legislative and practical determination and financial support to finding solutions , the heritage on which tourism depends will be irreversibly [lowered] if not destroyed .

The law 's concern , it was argued , is with ‘ the attractive presentation of a degraded humanity ’ , the effects of which may ‘ include , but not be confined to , consequential actions ’ .
the law 's concern , it was argued , is with ‘ the attractive presentation of a [lowered] humanity ’ , the effects of which may ‘ include , but not be confined to , consequential actions ’ .

After being degraded to the level of a vegetable market , the Piece Hall was rightly recognized as an architectural and industrial monument that it was important to preserve , and part of it now houses the town 's Textile Museum , which is open throughout the year .
after being [lowered] to the level of a vegetable market , the piece hall was rightly recognized as an architectural and industrial monument that it was important to preserve , and part of it now houses the town 's textile museum , which is open throughout the year .

Because generations of hard working and poorly-paid working people have shown enormous resilience and good humour in coping with substandard housing , polluted air , lifeless local rivers and streams and degraded surroundings , it does n't mean that efforts to improve air quality , the quality of rivers and also , no less , the quality of the surrounding landscape should not continue to be made with all the imagination and expertise the community has at its disposal .
because generations of hard working and poorly-paid working people have shown enormous resilience and good humour in coping with substandard housing , polluted air , lifeless local rivers and streams and [lowered] surroundings , it does n't mean that efforts to improve air quality , the quality of rivers and also , no less , the quality of the surrounding landscape should not continue to be made with all the imagination and expertise the community has at its disposal .

The chemical comes from degraded haemoglobin in cows ' blood .
the chemical comes from [lowered] haemoglobin in cows ' blood .

This is yet another example of how this word ‘ religion ’ can be degraded to embrace anything that suits the immediate purpose .
this is yet another example of how this word ‘ religion ’ can be [lowered] to embrace anything that suits the immediate purpose .

In some cases land has become so degraded that it is agriculturally worthless .
in some cases land has become so [lowered] that it is agriculturally worthless .

In Burkina Faso , for example , observations between 1955 and 1974 have shown that degraded land and active sand have increased from 181 to 390 ha and from 56 to 150 ha respectively in the Menegon-Bidi area , which represents only a small proportion of the total 3000 ha of lost arable land in the Burkina Sahel and which is equivalent to the loss of 800 t of millet or 4500 t of straw ( Mainguet 1986 ) .
in burkina faso , for example , observations between 1955 and 1974 have shown that [lowered] land and active sand have increased from 181 to 390 ha and from 56 to 150 ha respectively in the menegon-bidi area , which represents only a small proportion of the total 3000 ha of lost arable land in the burkina sahel and which is equivalent to the loss of 800 t of millet or 4500 t of straw ( mainguet 1986 ) .

The region has a long history of human activity ( section 3.2.1 ) , and although erosion has always been a problem it has intensified considerably in the last 100 years as deforestation has accelerated and grasslands have been degraded .
the region has a long history of human activity ( section 3.2.1 ) , and although erosion has always been a problem it has intensified considerably in the last 100 years as deforestation has accelerated and grasslands have been [lowered] .

Grazing pressures have also altered the savanna environment of India , as has been discussed by Gadgil and Meher-Homji ( 1985 ) in relation to the Deccan plateau which is the most degraded of India 's savanna lands .
grazing pressures have also altered the savanna environment of india , as has been discussed by gadgil and meher-homji ( 1985 ) in relation to the deccan plateau which is the most [lowered] of india 's savanna lands .

According to Kang and Wilson , the best results are achieved if leguminous species are used to create the hedge , and trials carried out in Nigeria have shown that the most promising species are Leucaena leucocephala and Gliricidia sepium which will grow successfully even on degraded land .
according to kang and wilson , the best results are achieved if leguminous species are used to create the hedge , and trials carried out in nigeria have shown that the most promising species are leucaena leucocephala and gliricidia sepium which will grow successfully even on [lowered] land .

In the competition between proteolysis and deubiquitination , polyubiquitinated proteins rarely accumulate in the cytoplasm of “ healthy ” cells , as they are either irreversibly degraded or deubiquitinated and rescued .
in the competition between proteolysis and deubiquitination , polyubiquitinated proteins rarely accumulate in the cytoplasm of “ healthy ” cells , as they are either irreversibly [lowered] or deubiquitinated and rescued .

As more and more biologists come to appreciate the unique ability of aDNA to probe the evolutionary process , it is more important than ever to stress the immense challenges of working with just a few fragments of degraded DNA that might have come from several different sources .
as more and more biologists come to appreciate the unique ability of adna to probe the evolutionary process , it is more important than ever to stress the immense challenges of working with just a few fragments of [lowered] dna that might have come from several different sources .

Then , and even more importantly , it must be stable enough to reach its target cells before it is degraded or excreted ; it must get into those cells , link up with its intracellular target , and exert its effect ; and it must exert enough of an effect to improve the health of the person taking it .
then , and even more importantly , it must be stable enough to reach its target cells before it is [lowered] or excreted ; it must get into those cells , link up with its intracellular target , and exert its effect ; and it must exert enough of an effect to improve the health of the person taking it .

Once this occurs , the mRNA is degraded , effectively silencing the gene from which it came .
once this occurs , the mrna is [lowered] , effectively silencing the gene from which it came .

Injected into the bloodstream , unmodified RNA is rapidly excreted by the kidneys or degraded by enzymes .
injected into the bloodstream , unmodified rna is rapidly excreted by the kidneys or [lowered] by enzymes .

Clinton has degraded the ability of the president of the United States to lead the nation and the world .
clinton has [lowered] the ability of the president of the united states to lead the nation and the world .

Unfortunately , a reader might consider the article merely humorous , describing an impossible proposition , where in fact , the basics of The Servile State ( concentrated ownership and status-based laws governing employee-employer relations ) have been long established , and the need for slavery in the light of the increasingly degraded condition of the welfare class becomes more evident .
unfortunately , a reader might consider the article merely humorous , describing an impossible proposition , where in fact , the basics of the servile state ( concentrated ownership and status-based laws governing employee-employer relations ) have been long established , and the need for slavery in the light of the increasingly [lowered] condition of the welfare class becomes more evident .

What horrifies the reader is that these sympathetic figures should sink into America 's degraded lumpenproletariat .
what horrifies the reader is that these sympathetic figures should sink into america 's [lowered] lumpenproletariat .

His public image has degraded .
his public image has [lowered] .

Then you have all the traditional drawbacks , including diminished physical attractiveness and degraded sexual performance .
then you have all the traditional drawbacks , including diminished physical attractiveness and [lowered] sexual performance .

Moreover , I , for one , should like to know the source that pins down to California the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge : given no gloss , does this refer to low depressed , low degraded , or low abject ?
moreover , i , for one , should like to know the source that pins down to california the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge : given no gloss , does this refer to low depressed , low [lowered] , or low abject ?

The title is a grabber , but the book itself would be anathema to feminists since it features a heroine who wishes to be beaten and degraded :
the title is a grabber , but the book itself would be anathema to feminists since it features a heroine who wishes to be beaten and [lowered] :

