It is much less difficult now than in Lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign Americans had given their lives in the Civil War to maintain the balance between the powers they had delegated to the States and to their Union .
it is much less difficult now than in lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign americans had given their lives in the civil war to maintain the balance between the powers they had [gave out] to the states and to their union .

Between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters .
between meetings he helps the president keep track of [gave out] matters .

A member of the IRSAC staff ( E. Van De Walle ) was recently delegated to cooperate with AIMO in the development of demographic statistics in this territory .
a member of the irsac staff ( e. van de walle ) was recently [gave out] to cooperate with aimo in the development of demographic statistics in this territory .

The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive .
the legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was [gave out] in one form or another , to the executive .

And can you do a Christmas card for so and so , because he 's been , he 's been delegated to help me with my machine
and can you do a christmas card for so and so , because he 's been , he 's been [gave out] to help me with my machine

Despite substantial resources , the task of preparing the awards ' entry is delegated to the most inexperienced member of the marketing team — and it shows .
despite substantial resources , the task of preparing the awards ' entry is [gave out] to the most inexperienced member of the marketing team — and it shows .

Yesterday 's meeting of the planning sub-committee gave Stephen Tapper , director of development services , delegated powers to order the removal of ugly advertising displays .
yesterday 's meeting of the planning sub-committee gave stephen tapper , director of development services , [gave out] powers to order the removal of ugly advertising displays .

The Executive is not unaware of these problems , and vice president Neil MacFarlane has been delegated to do all he can to obviate them .
the executive is not unaware of these problems , and vice president neil macfarlane has been [gave out] to do all he can to obviate them .

He was a good strategist , delegated carefully , and made full use of computers , working from his office most of the time .
he was a good strategist , [gave out] carefully , and made full use of computers , working from his office most of the time .

Executive authority might be delegated to autonomous north-south agencies like the Foyle Fisheries Commission .
executive authority might be [gave out] to autonomous north-south agencies like the foyle fisheries commission .

Delegated complete powers by Pétain , Richard in desperation summoned up all available Territorials .
[gave out] complete powers by pétain , richard in desperation summoned up all available territorials .

Once Lutyens had sought out and co-ordinated the ideas of nearly 1,500 tradesmen , artists and authors with the gifts and donations from private sources , the Dolls ' House Committee under the chairmanship of Sir Herbert Morgan was delegated to pursue items to furnish the house .
once lutyens had sought out and co-ordinated the ideas of nearly 1,500 tradesmen , artists and authors with the gifts and donations from private sources , the dolls ' house committee under the chairmanship of sir herbert morgan was [gave out] to pursue items to furnish the house .

Postbasic certificate and statemented ( the latter are generally shorter ) courses are validated by the boards and a list of current courses and training establishments can be obtained by writing directly to the boards or to a delegated careers advice service .
postbasic certificate and statemented ( the latter are generally shorter ) courses are validated by the boards and a list of current courses and training establishments can be obtained by writing directly to the boards or to a [gave out] careers advice service .

Acknowledge any limitations of competence and refuse in such cases to accept delegated functions without first having received instruction in regard to those functions and having been assessed as competent .
acknowledge any limitations of competence and refuse in such cases to accept [gave out] functions without first having received instruction in regard to those functions and having been assessed as competent .

Assist in delegated clinical research .
assist in [gave out] clinical research .

Accept delegated nursing tasks .
accept [gave out] nursing tasks .

Power over those was delegated to the sub-editors .
power over those was [gave out] to the sub-editors .

Such legislative powers as the three Offices enjoy are delegated by Parliament and subject to its scrutiny , though they differ in form and function .
such legislative powers as the three offices enjoy are [gave out] by parliament and subject to its scrutiny , though they differ in form and function .

Amongst the few powers which may not be so delegated is the power to dissolve Parliament .
amongst the few powers which may not be so [gave out] is the power to dissolve parliament .

the approval or disapproval of important United Kingdom delegated legislation ;
the approval or disapproval of important united kingdom [gave out] legislation ;

( b ) United Kingdom delegated legislation In terms of quantity , the most prolific source of legislation in the United Kingdom today is not enactment by Parliament .
( b ) united kingdom [gave out] legislation in terms of quantity , the most prolific source of legislation in the united kingdom today is not enactment by parliament .

Nevertheless , the bulk of legislation in the United Kingdom today is not parliamentary but delegated , i.e .
nevertheless , the bulk of legislation in the united kingdom today is not parliamentary but [gave out] , i.e .

made by a agency to which Parliament has , in a prior Act , delegated legislative power .
made by a agency to which parliament has , in a prior act , [gave out] legislative power .

Powers of delegated legislation inhere in a very wide range of agencies , such as local authorities , public corporations , universities , their vice-chancellors and deans .
powers of [gave out] legislation inhere in a very wide range of agencies , such as local authorities , public corporations , universities , their vice-chancellors and deans .

Far and away the most important powers , however , are those delegated to Ministers of the Crown .
far and away the most important powers , however , are those [gave out] to ministers of the crown .

To some extent , this will be done simply because it is felt that it is more efficient , or at least administratively convenient , to handle matters in this way — the matters delegated may be ephemeral , needing constant change ; or technical , requiring expertise .
to some extent , this will be done simply because it is felt that it is more efficient , or at least administratively convenient , to handle matters in this way — the matters [gave out] may be ephemeral , needing constant change ; or technical , requiring expertise .

For long before 1946 , it had been customary for Parliament to preserve an oversight of such central government delegated legislation by requiring that such legislation be laid before it in some form or another .
for long before 1946 , it had been customary for parliament to preserve an oversight of such central government [gave out] legislation by requiring that such legislation be laid before it in some form or another .

This procedure is normally reserved for the more important examples of delegated legislation , particularly those with financial implications ( in which case , the affirmation of the House of Commons will be sought ) .
this procedure is normally reserved for the more important examples of [gave out] legislation , particularly those with financial implications ( in which case , the affirmation of the house of commons will be sought ) .

( c ) European legislation Unlike United Kingdom delegated legislation , European legislation , the most typical example of which is regulations made by the Council of Ministers or ( informally ) the Commission of the European Community , enjoys the force of law within the United Kingdom without any parliamentary endorsement other than the general authorisation conferred by the European Communities Act 1972 ( see pp.136–7 below ) .
( c ) european legislation unlike united kingdom [gave out] legislation , european legislation , the most typical example of which is regulations made by the council of ministers or ( informally ) the commission of the european community , enjoys the force of law within the united kingdom without any parliamentary endorsement other than the general authorisation conferred by the european communities act 1972 ( see pp.136–7 below ) .

Delegated legislation
[gave out] legislation

The vast bulk of delegated legislation is made with no reference to Parliament beyond the original delegation of power to make it by Parliament .
the vast bulk of [gave out] legislation is made with no reference to parliament beyond the original delegation of power to make it by parliament .

In terms , however , of the generality of their relevance and the importance of their subject-matter , statutory instruments loom largest in importance , and amongst statutory instruments , those made by Ministers of the Crown in pursuance of powers delegated to them by Act of Parliament are the most important of all .
in terms , however , of the generality of their relevance and the importance of their subject-matter , statutory instruments loom largest in importance , and amongst statutory instruments , those made by ministers of the crown in pursuance of powers [gave out] to them by act of parliament are the most important of all .

Exceptionally , the person to whom the power to legislate has been delegated may have authority merely to ‘ propose ’ .
exceptionally , the person to whom the power to legislate has been [gave out] may have authority merely to ‘ propose ’ .

For present purposes what matters is that legislation made in pursuance of powers delegated to Ministers of the Crown is a form of ‘ statutory instrument ’ .
for present purposes what matters is that legislation made in pursuance of powers [gave out] to ministers of the crown is a form of ‘ statutory instrument ’ .

It is the main function of the Statutory Instruments Act to ensure that where an instrument is made by a Minister of the Crown in pursuance of powers delegated to him by Parliament , Parliament shall have a reasonable opportunity to scrutinise his efforts with a view to deciding whether or not to endorse them .
it is the main function of the statutory instruments act to ensure that where an instrument is made by a minister of the crown in pursuance of powers [gave out] to him by parliament , parliament shall have a reasonable opportunity to scrutinise his efforts with a view to deciding whether or not to endorse them .

Where this is so , Parliament 's legislative role is as above described in relation to Acts and United Kingdom delegated legislation .
where this is so , parliament 's legislative role is as above described in relation to acts and united kingdom [gave out] legislation .

In task allocation the care is decided by the person in charge , the senior nurse or sister , and delegated to other members of the group .
in task allocation the care is decided by the person in charge , the senior nurse or sister , and [gave out] to other members of the group .

It is no accident that the rise of science and technology and subsequently industrialisation and the process of wealth creation followed the acceptance of an explicitly Biblical view of the world in which manual work was not considered contemptible and in which man was delegated the task of managing the world 's resources for his benefit .
it is no accident that the rise of science and technology and subsequently industrialisation and the process of wealth creation followed the acceptance of an explicitly biblical view of the world in which manual work was not considered contemptible and in which man was [gave out] the task of managing the world 's resources for his benefit .

At some stage in their development , expanding businesses have to change from omnipresent owner management to some form of delegated authority .
at some stage in their development , expanding businesses have to change from omnipresent owner management to some form of [gave out] authority .

Asset management is delegated to two independent companies .
asset management is [gave out] to two independent companies .

Responsibility can not be delegated , so that a manager is accepted by his staff and has also the responsibility for providing an environment in which each individual is able to fulfil his obligations .
responsibility can not be [gave out] , so that a manager is accepted by his staff and has also the responsibility for providing an environment in which each individual is able to fulfil his obligations .

Authority is delegated to an individual by his manager .
authority is [gave out] to an individual by his manager .

Anyone having responsibility for an assignment must have sufficient authority delegated to him to ensure the success of the assignment .
anyone having responsibility for an assignment must have sufficient authority [gave out] to him to ensure the success of the assignment .

The essential point is that responsibility is assigned and , therefore , authority is delegated for which the individual is accountable in his role .
the essential point is that responsibility is assigned and , therefore , authority is [gave out] for which the individual is accountable in his role .

Responsibility for pay has now been delegated to Inland Revenue management , leaving Treasury ministers to concentrate on establishing the required standards of service .
responsibility for pay has now been [gave out] to inland revenue management , leaving treasury ministers to concentrate on establishing the required standards of service .

Most were delegated by their Churches , a few were especially invited — ‘ as motley a group of ‘ non-Catholics ’ as ever had been assembled ' , as Dr Albert Outler , one of their number , described them in ‘ Strangers within the Gates ’ ( see Outler , 1986 , p. 173 ) .
most were [gave out] by their churches , a few were especially invited — ‘ as motley a group of ‘ non-catholics ’ as ever had been assembled ' , as dr albert outler , one of their number , described them in ‘ strangers within the gates ’ ( see outler , 1986 , p. 173 ) .

Richard Poynter , another leading solicitor in this field , argues complainants should be made more aware of the procedure as much recent primary law depends on far-reaching delegated powers through informal tribunals and administrative officials .
richard poynter , another leading solicitor in this field , argues complainants should be made more aware of the procedure as much recent primary law depends on far-reaching [gave out] powers through informal tribunals and administrative officials .

Be that as it may , the major work of planning for the change to public ownership was certainly delegated to the men the Labour Government intended to appoint to the Central Authority .
be that as it may , the major work of planning for the change to public ownership was certainly [gave out] to the men the labour government intended to appoint to the central authority .

If the Central Authority had delegated its powers of generation to the area distribution boards , they would , in effect , have become integrated power boards .
if the central authority had [gave out] its powers of generation to the area distribution boards , they would , in effect , have become integrated power boards .

Work is often delegated to specific working groups , which frequently co-opt specialists and experienced fieldworkers .
work is often [gave out] to specific working groups , which frequently co-opt specialists and experienced fieldworkers .

He may keep the responsibility for setting-up and shutting-down the system or this also may be partially delegated to computers .
he may keep the responsibility for setting-up and shutting-down the system or this also may be partially [gave out] to computers .

functions are delegated from the human operator rather than allocated to him .
functions are [gave out] from the human operator rather than allocated to him .

Much of the labour which used to be involved in manipulating and presenting data can now be delegated to specialised computer software but the basic issues of coding and structuring data still depend on the skills of the analyst .
much of the labour which used to be involved in manipulating and presenting data can now be [gave out] to specialised computer software but the basic issues of coding and structuring data still depend on the skills of the analyst .

Financial responsibility for giving support would be delegated to a local level in order to rekindle civic responsibility .
financial responsibility for giving support would be [gave out] to a local level in order to rekindle civic responsibility .

Experiments began : internal decision-making was delegated and streamlined .
experiments began : internal decision-making was [gave out] and streamlined .

The agreement , like those that had preceded it , envisaged a directly elected presidency , and a bicameral legislature made up on a republican and a population basis , respectively ; central authority would be limited to those spheres of activity that had been specifically delegated by the members of the union .
the agreement , like those that had preceded it , envisaged a directly elected presidency , and a bicameral legislature made up on a republican and a population basis , respectively ; central authority would be limited to those spheres of activity that had been specifically [gave out] by the members of the union .

The procedure for dealing with delegated legislation is even more unsatisfactory .
the procedure for dealing with [gave out] legislation is even more unsatisfactory .

Delegated legislation consists of orders — now known as statutory instruments — issued by ministers and based on powers given to them by Acts of Parliament .
[gave out] legislation consists of orders — now known as statutory instruments — issued by ministers and based on powers given to them by acts of parliament .

It is therefore clear that as a result of the statutory machinery an individual can have a substantial measure of control over his own working life compulsorily delegated to an agent , a trade union , which he has not selected and may even have his own contract of service varied without his consent .
it is therefore clear that as a result of the statutory machinery an individual can have a substantial measure of control over his own working life compulsorily [gave out] to an agent , a trade union , which he has not selected and may even have his own contract of service varied without his consent .

Now several mornings a week when perhaps she should have been concerning herself with the house ( she delegated more and more to the housekeeper , who after all had run everything before she , Lily , had come ) , she would go and sit with Sadie , who was expecting another child at Christmas .
now several mornings a week when perhaps she should have been concerning herself with the house ( she [gave out] more and more to the housekeeper , who after all had run everything before she , lily , had come ) , she would go and sit with sadie , who was expecting another child at christmas .

Assessments for benefits and equipment , still widely delegated to doctors , are now matched by other professionals ' assessment procedures , for example when housing adaptations are required .
assessments for benefits and equipment , still widely [gave out] to doctors , are now matched by other professionals ' assessment procedures , for example when housing adaptations are required .

But in hospitals the extent of technical specialisation makes delegated expertise in medical aspects of rehabilitation virtually essential .
but in hospitals the extent of technical specialisation makes [gave out] expertise in medical aspects of rehabilitation virtually essential .

Discretion in making delegated decisions
discretion in making [gave out] decisions

In a useful distinction , Lindblom refers to the discretion that exists also in making ( often more important ) ‘ delegated ’ decisions .
in a useful distinction , lindblom refers to the discretion that exists also in making ( often more important ) ‘ [gave out] ’ decisions .

Thus , even on the unrealistic assumption that consumers acting through the market are able to force managements to produce at the lowest possible cost , companies nevertheless retain a discretion within that constraint over such issues as plant location , appropriate levels of automation , and policy on research and development , since these and other delegated questions do not yield unique least-cost solutions .
thus , even on the unrealistic assumption that consumers acting through the market are able to force managements to produce at the lowest possible cost , companies nevertheless retain a discretion within that constraint over such issues as plant location , appropriate levels of automation , and policy on research and development , since these and other [gave out] questions do not yield unique least-cost solutions .

The scope of corporate discretion in making delegated decisions is obviously extended substantially once uncompetitive product market conditions , and the consequent reduction in the pressure to keep costs down , are taken into account .
the scope of corporate discretion in making [gave out] decisions is obviously extended substantially once uncompetitive product market conditions , and the consequent reduction in the pressure to keep costs down , are taken into account .

If companies have discretion in making delegated decisions , in what ways might the exercise of that discretion significantly affect others , demonstrating the existence of power ?
if companies have discretion in making [gave out] decisions , in what ways might the exercise of that discretion significantly affect others , demonstrating the existence of power ?

From the board powers are frequently delegated to committees of directors or to individual board members , and thence down the managerial hierarchy .
from the board powers are frequently [gave out] to committees of directors or to individual board members , and thence down the managerial hierarchy .

Traditionally , the people 's singing has been delegated to a choir which is generally paid a nominal fee .
traditionally , the people 's singing has been [gave out] to a choir which is generally paid a nominal fee .

When it is permissible , according to the rubrics , these parts may be delegated to others .
when it is permissible , according to the rubrics , these parts may be [gave out] to others .

Legislation refers both to Acts of Parliament ( primary legislation ) and to delegated legislation , otherwise known as secondary legislation , which is created under the authority of an Act of Parliament .
legislation refers both to acts of parliament ( primary legislation ) and to [gave out] legislation , otherwise known as secondary legislation , which is created under the authority of an act of parliament .

Secondary legislation is the name given to the vast body of rules , orders , regulations and by-laws created by subordinate bodies under specific powers delegated to those bodies by Parliament .
secondary legislation is the name given to the vast body of rules , orders , regulations and by-laws created by subordinate bodies under specific powers [gave out] to those bodies by parliament .

It is otherwise known as delegated legislation .
it is otherwise known as [gave out] legislation .

The audit is usually performed by a third party , primarily serving the interests of the party who delegated the responsibility .
the audit is usually performed by a third party , primarily serving the interests of the party who [gave out] the responsibility .

The United States ' Constitution includes the clause ( in the Tenth Amendment ) that ‘ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people ’ .
the united states ' constitution includes the clause ( in the tenth amendment ) that ‘ the powers not [gave out] to the united states by the constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people ’ .

be an acceptable blend of centralised and delegated control .
be an acceptable blend of centralised and [gave out] control .

Liberty can not be delegated , it can not be enjoyed at one remove .
liberty can not be [gave out] , it can not be enjoyed at one remove .

And since that state of stability had been calculated so that it would not commence deterioration until the next inspection had been completed , Rostov had delegated command of the bridge to Yuan , and had elected to watch the performance of his technical officers at close quarters .
and since that state of stability had been calculated so that it would not commence deterioration until the next inspection had been completed , rostov had [gave out] command of the bridge to yuan , and had elected to watch the performance of his technical officers at close quarters .

In conclusion it should be noted that power already exists to utilise delegated legislation to go a good deal of the way along the road proposed by the Royal Commission .
in conclusion it should be noted that power already exists to utilise [gave out] legislation to go a good deal of the way along the road proposed by the royal commission .

Others , however , set up ad hoc authorities to take on functions delegated by central government .
others , however , set up ad hoc authorities to take on functions [gave out] by central government .

In the field of manpower policy the Manpower Services Commission , containing representatives from both sides of industry , has been delegated extensive responsibilities by the Department of Employment .
in the field of manpower policy the manpower services commission , containing representatives from both sides of industry , has been [gave out] extensive responsibilities by the department of employment .

In addition to Acts of Parliament both Houses have to deal with a great deal of what is known as ‘ subordinate ’ or ‘ delegated ’ legislation .
in addition to acts of parliament both houses have to deal with a great deal of what is known as ‘ subordinate ’ or ‘ [gave out] ’ legislation .

Controversy arises , however , over the extent of the use of delegated legislation , since some Acts convey very wide scope for this kind of ministerial action .
controversy arises , however , over the extent of the use of [gave out] legislation , since some acts convey very wide scope for this kind of ministerial action .

But where implementation is delegated to other organizations the ‘ centre ’ generally maintains an interest in the implementation process .
but where implementation is [gave out] to other organizations the ‘ centre ’ generally maintains an interest in the implementation process .

The most complex occurs where policy implementation depends upon co-operation between separate autonomous organizations , and particularly where responsibility at the periphery is ( a ) delegated to several organizations with separate territories and ( b ) dependent upon co-ordinated action between two or more local organizations .
the most complex occurs where policy implementation depends upon co-operation between separate autonomous organizations , and particularly where responsibility at the periphery is ( a ) [gave out] to several organizations with separate territories and ( b ) dependent upon co-ordinated action between two or more local organizations .

Unfortunately , circumcision is often delegated to the most junior surgeons and its potential morbidity underestimated .
unfortunately , circumcision is often [gave out] to the most junior surgeons and its potential morbidity underestimated .

In the first year , budgets will be held by more senior staff and decision making on a day to day basis will be delegated to team managers .
in the first year , budgets will be held by more senior staff and decision making on a day to day basis will be [gave out] to team managers .

‘ In England the courts of justice are relieved from the unpleasant duty of dis-barring advocates in consequence of the power of calling to the Bar and dis-barring having been in very remote times delegated to the Inns of Court .
‘ in england the courts of justice are relieved from the unpleasant duty of dis-barring advocates in consequence of the power of calling to the bar and dis-barring having been in very remote times [gave out] to the inns of court .

In England this power has for a very long time been delegated , so far as barristers are concerned , to the Inns of Court : and , for a much shorter time , so far as solicitors are concerned , to the Law Society .
in england this power has for a very long time been [gave out] , so far as barristers are concerned , to the inns of court : and , for a much shorter time , so far as solicitors are concerned , to the law society .

… The judges deputed to the benchers of the societies the task of giving lectures , and examining into the sufficiency of the candidates , and of calling them to the Bar , but they are still mere voluntary societies ; and they act by the authority which the judges have delegated to them .
… the judges deputed to the benchers of the societies the task of giving lectures , and examining into the sufficiency of the candidates , and of calling them to the bar , but they are still mere voluntary societies ; and they act by the authority which the judges have [gave out] to them .

The judges themselves , deriving their authority from the Crown , were minded in the distant past to delegate , and the undisputed view in Lord Mansfield 's time was that the judges had delegated their disciplinary power over the Bar to the Inns of Court .
the judges themselves , deriving their authority from the crown , were minded in the distant past to delegate , and the undisputed view in lord mansfield 's time was that the judges had [gave out] their disciplinary power over the bar to the inns of court .

Whether such protection should apply raises broader questions concerning the way in which delegated legislation and rules of a legislative nature are made , and also the type of remedy which should be available .
whether such protection should apply raises broader questions concerning the way in which [gave out] legislation and rules of a legislative nature are made , and also the type of remedy which should be available .

Even where decentralized budgeting projects have been introduced , these have often taken the form of pilot projects or trials ( Progress in Financial Management in Government Departments , 1984 , especially Appendix 2 ) , whilst the authority delegated to budget holders has often been severely constrained ( not least by centrally determined manpower ceilings and pay scales ) .
even where decentralized budgeting projects have been introduced , these have often taken the form of pilot projects or trials ( progress in financial management in government departments , 1984 , especially appendix 2 ) , whilst the authority [gave out] to budget holders has often been severely constrained ( not least by centrally determined manpower ceilings and pay scales ) .

Again , while the idea that officials exercising delegated authority should be directly accountable to Parliament may seem logical , it ignores the political reality of government domination which has traditionally characterized executive/legislative relationships in Britain .
again , while the idea that officials exercising [gave out] authority should be directly accountable to parliament may seem logical , it ignores the political reality of government domination which has traditionally characterized executive/legislative relationships in britain .

He regards the stewardship metaphor as useful in the sense that a steward is delegated considerable authority by his master to order his estates .
he regards the stewardship metaphor as useful in the sense that a steward is [gave out] considerable authority by his master to order his estates .

general managerial responsibilities , delegated by the head ;
general managerial responsibilities , [gave out] by the head ;

The more effectively managed schools understood these problems and sought to ensure that sub-groups and delegated roles and responsibilities remained part of a wider collegial culture in which all participated , and within which divergences of opinion were openly explored .
the more effectively managed schools understood these problems and sought to ensure that sub-groups and [gave out] roles and responsibilities remained part of a wider collegial culture in which all participated , and within which divergences of opinion were openly explored .

Copies of the papers were issued at registration which enabled delegated to prepare for the presentations .
copies of the papers were issued at registration which enabled [gave out] to prepare for the presentations .

The employees interviewed in the 30 banks all have the responsibility for making lending decisions to small business customers , but in only a few cases were those branch managers as such , because generally the role of dealing with the small business customer is delegated to executives such as the specialised Enterprise Manager , or the Small Business Manager , all of whom had several years ' experience .
the employees interviewed in the 30 banks all have the responsibility for making lending decisions to small business customers , but in only a few cases were those branch managers as such , because generally the role of dealing with the small business customer is [gave out] to executives such as the specialised enterprise manager , or the small business manager , all of whom had several years ' experience .

Without effective principles of delegated authority and planning , it would be easy to fall prey to the classic faults inherent in large bureaucracies : an over-extended chain of command , proliferation of paper and a committee-ridden process of decision making .
without effective principles of [gave out] authority and planning , it would be easy to fall prey to the classic faults inherent in large bureaucracies : an over-extended chain of command , proliferation of paper and a committee-ridden process of decision making .

Cope argued for a new theology in which the Creator has delegated His power to living things by giving them the ability to shape the future through their purposeful response to the environment .
cope argued for a new theology in which the creator has [gave out] his power to living things by giving them the ability to shape the future through their purposeful response to the environment .

Managerial authority , and indeed the whole edifice of organisational power , represent the rights of ownership delegated to management .
managerial authority , and indeed the whole edifice of organisational power , represent the rights of ownership [gave out] to management .

Just who makes the decisions depends on organisation structure , and the extent to which authority is delegated within the organisation .
just who makes the decisions depends on organisation structure , and the extent to which authority is [gave out] within the organisation .

Authority can be delegated .
authority can be [gave out] .

Unlike authority , responsibility can not be delegated .
unlike authority , responsibility can not be [gave out] .

The superior will exact responsibility from the subordinate for the authority delegated but he will remain responsible himself too .
the superior will exact responsibility from the subordinate for the authority [gave out] but he will remain responsible himself too .

This refers to the authority conferred on a manager because of the position he holds in the organisation 's hierarchy and the extent to which authority has been delegated .
this refers to the authority conferred on a manager because of the position he holds in the organisation 's hierarchy and the extent to which authority has been [gave out] .

resources should be allocated to the subordinate to enable him to carry out his tasks at the expected level of performance , and authority should be delegated to enable the subordinate to do this job ; and
resources should be allocated to the subordinate to enable him to carry out his tasks at the expected level of performance , and authority should be [gave out] to enable the subordinate to do this job ; and

As stated previously , responsibility can not be delegated .
as stated previously , responsibility can not be [gave out] .

Once authority has been delegated , a superior should not expect his subordinate to refer decisions up the chain of command to him for confirmation ( or ratification ) provided that the decision is within the subordinate 's scope of delegated authority .
once authority has been [gave out] , a superior should not expect his subordinate to refer decisions up the chain of command to him for confirmation ( or ratification ) provided that the decision is within the subordinate 's scope of [gave out] authority .

When authority is delegated , the relationship between subordinate and superior is critically important . Drucker has argued that although authority is passed down to subordinates , the relationship between subordinates and superiors , and their responsibilities , have three dimensions :
when authority is [gave out] , the relationship between subordinate and superior is critically important . drucker has argued that although authority is passed down to subordinates , the relationship between subordinates and superiors , and their responsibilities , have three dimensions :

Yet authority is passed down or delegated through the formal organisation ; it is not passed up from supervisors to senior managers .
yet authority is passed down or [gave out] through the formal organisation ; it is not passed up from supervisors to senior managers .

To decide how authority and responsibility should be delegated , it is necessary :
to decide how authority and responsibility should be [gave out] , it is necessary :

only then to decide how authority should be delegated within this structure .
only then to decide how authority should be [gave out] within this structure .

In other words , the way in which authority should be delegated depends very much on how the organisation 's tasks are analysed .
in other words , the way in which authority should be [gave out] depends very much on how the organisation 's tasks are analysed .

provide a system of selecting subordinates who will be capable of handling delegated authority in a responsible way . If subordinates are of the right ‘ quality ’ , superiors will be prepared to trust them more ;
provide a system of selecting subordinates who will be capable of handling [gave out] authority in a responsible way . if subordinates are of the right ‘ quality ’ , superiors will be prepared to trust them more ;

Although open lines of communication are important , they should not be used by the superior to command the subordinate in a matter where authority has been delegated to the subordinate .
although open lines of communication are important , they should not be used by the superior to command the subordinate in a matter where authority has been [gave out] to the subordinate .

standing committees which are formed for a particular purpose on a permanent basis . Their role is to deal with routine business delegated to them at weekly or monthly meetings ;
standing committees which are formed for a particular purpose on a permanent basis . their role is to deal with routine business [gave out] to them at weekly or monthly meetings ;

Committees are not used as the main method of delegating authority , and authority is more typically delegated down a formal management hierarchy or chain of command .
committees are not used as the main method of delegating authority , and authority is more typically [gave out] down a formal management hierarchy or chain of command .

Centralisation and decentralisation refer to the degree to which authority is delegated in an organisation .
centralisation and decentralisation refer to the degree to which authority is [gave out] in an organisation .

In the following paragraphs , the term ‘ centralisation ’ will be used to mean a greater degree of central control , and ‘ decentralisation ’ to mean a greater degree of delegated authority .
in the following paragraphs , the term ‘ centralisation ’ will be used to mean a greater degree of central control , and ‘ decentralisation ’ to mean a greater degree of [gave out] authority .

When authority is delegated , there is often a duplication of management effort ( and a corresponding increase in staff numbers ) at lower levels of hierarchy .
when authority is [gave out] , there is often a duplication of management effort ( and a corresponding increase in staff numbers ) at lower levels of hierarchy .

By allowing delegated authority to subordinates , management at middle and junior levels are ‘ groomed ’ for eventual senior management positions , because they are given the necessary experience of decision-making .
by allowing [gave out] authority to subordinates , management at middle and junior levels are ‘ groomed ’ for eventual senior management positions , because they are given the necessary experience of decision-making .

By establishing appropriate sub-units or profit centres to which authority is delegated , the system of control within the organisation might actually be improved .
by establishing appropriate sub-units or profit centres to which authority is [gave out] , the system of control within the organisation might actually be improved .

To what extent should authority be delegated ? How much centralisation/ decentralisation should there be ? Can junior/middle managers be trusted to exercise discretion and make decisions ? How should managers be trained and developed ?
to what extent should authority be [gave out] ? how much centralisation/ decentralisation should there be ? can junior/middle managers be trusted to exercise discretion and make decisions ? how should managers be trained and developed ?

When authority is delegated , the relationship between subordinate and superior is critically important .
when authority is [gave out] , the relationship between subordinate and superior is critically important .

Centralisation and decentralisation refer to the degree to which authority is delegated in an organisation — and therefore the level at which decisions are taken in the management hierarchy .
centralisation and decentralisation refer to the degree to which authority is [gave out] in an organisation — and therefore the level at which decisions are taken in the management hierarchy .

In the following paragraphs , we shall use the term ‘ centralisation ’ to mean a greater degree of central control , and ‘ decentralisation ’ to mean a greater degree of delegated authority .
in the following paragraphs , we shall use the term ‘ centralisation ’ to mean a greater degree of central control , and ‘ decentralisation ’ to mean a greater degree of [gave out] authority .

Authority is delegated through a hierarchical , formal scalar chain .
authority is [gave out] through a hierarchical , formal scalar chain .

The register may be kept at the company 's registered office or at another office of the company or at the office of professional registrars to which the company has delegated this task , but , if kept otherwise than at the company 's registered office , notice must be given to the Registrar of the place where it is kept and of any change of that place .
the register may be kept at the company 's registered office or at another office of the company or at the office of professional registrars to which the company has [gave out] this task , but , if kept otherwise than at the company 's registered office , notice must be given to the registrar of the place where it is kept and of any change of that place .

Essentially , the prospects for court action against the administration in Britain are limited to allegations of actions taken that are ultra vires , that is beyond the powers delegated to the institution by Parliament , or where a minister acts ‘ unreasonably ’ .
essentially , the prospects for court action against the administration in britain are limited to allegations of actions taken that are ultra vires , that is beyond the powers [gave out] to the institution by parliament , or where a minister acts ‘ unreasonably ’ .

Individuals lower down the organisation may be given little responsibility with few decisions delegated down the organisation to them .
individuals lower down the organisation may be given little responsibility with few decisions [gave out] down the organisation to them .

There are something like 2,000 pieces of delegated legislation brought into force every year in the United Kingdom and a recent article in Statute Law Review drew attention to some of the difficulties which are likely to arise in discovering what local instruments are in force and what they say .
there are something like 2,000 pieces of [gave out] legislation brought into force every year in the united kingdom and a recent article in statute law review drew attention to some of the difficulties which are likely to arise in discovering what local instruments are in force and what they say .

However , turning aside these local instruments , and that is not to suggest that they are unimportant , how may lawyers and interested laymen each year obtain copies of delegated legislation which are thought to , and may indeed , affect their client 's or their own life and course of conduct , only to find that they are out of print or not yet available ?
however , turning aside these local instruments , and that is not to suggest that they are unimportant , how may lawyers and interested laymen each year obtain copies of [gave out] legislation which are thought to , and may indeed , affect their client 's or their own life and course of conduct , only to find that they are out of print or not yet available ?

One accepts , of course , that the sheer volume and intractability of the subject matter render resort to delegated legislation to some degree inevitable ; but , by the same token , those very factors of volume and intractability almost necessarily involve a degree of perfunctoriness in parliamentary scrutiny .
one accepts , of course , that the sheer volume and intractability of the subject matter render resort to [gave out] legislation to some degree inevitable ; but , by the same token , those very factors of volume and intractability almost necessarily involve a degree of perfunctoriness in parliamentary scrutiny .

Since this case law was developed in the context of the exercise of delegated powers by the Commission , it would seem highly unlikely that the Court would wish to exercise a greater degree of control over the exercise of original legislative power by the Council of Ministers .
since this case law was developed in the context of the exercise of [gave out] powers by the commission , it would seem highly unlikely that the court would wish to exercise a greater degree of control over the exercise of original legislative power by the council of ministers .

Parliamentary sovereignty had not been ceded to Brussels but merely delegated .
parliamentary sovereignty had not been ceded to brussels but merely [gave out] .

4.19 Full information relating to a placement should be made available to the officer in charge or delegated person .
4.19 full information relating to a placement should be made available to the officer in charge or [gave out] person .

In fact what has happened is by approving their constitutions the Charity Trustees have delegated the management of the affairs of the local branches to freely elected committees of local members .
in fact what has happened is by approving their constitutions the charity trustees have [gave out] the management of the affairs of the local branches to freely elected committees of local members .

School internal evaluation would seem to be a pressing need in the region with the advent of the Delegated Management of Resources programme .
school internal evaluation would seem to be a pressing need in the region with the advent of the [gave out] management of resources programme .

With the advent of delegated management responsibility to schools and the use of internal evaluation processes , schools could take on more responsibility for the distribution of resources .
with the advent of [gave out] management responsibility to schools and the use of internal evaluation processes , schools could take on more responsibility for the distribution of resources .

The admission of research students is delegated by the Physical Sciences Board to the head of department .
the admission of research students is [gave out] by the physical sciences board to the head of department .

Sometimes , this may be delegated to the conveyancer acting , but this delegation must clearly be with the client 's authority .
sometimes , this may be [gave out] to the conveyancer acting , but this delegation must clearly be with the client 's authority .

Certain powers of the court may be delegated to a single justice or a justices ' clerk .
certain powers of the court may be [gave out] to a single justice or a justices ' clerk .

In the normal run of things , had a verbal warning been necessary — which it certainly was n't — then it was without question that Naylor Massingham would certainly not have wasted his precious time on such trips , but would have delegated one of his underlings to do it .
in the normal run of things , had a verbal warning been necessary — which it certainly was n't — then it was without question that naylor massingham would certainly not have wasted his precious time on such trips , but would have [gave out] one of his underlings to do it .

Some system of delegated management ( to committees or separate departments ) might need to be introduced which would not involve all partners in all aspects of the firm 's affairs on a day to day basis .
some system of [gave out] management ( to committees or separate departments ) might need to be introduced which would not involve all partners in all aspects of the firm 's affairs on a day to day basis .

Without the nuns the tone of the school would have been lower , but they maintained a discreet background presence and our spiritual as well as our academic guidance was delegated to a staff that were largely `` lay `` .
without the nuns the tone of the school would have been lower , but they maintained a discreet background presence and our spiritual as well as our academic guidance was [gave out] to a staff that were largely `` lay `` .

He need not devote much time to the programme once it is up and running , since most of the work performed by a rehabilitation programme can safely be delegated to nurses , clinical assistants , physiotherapists , occupational therapists , psychologists , dietitians and others .
he need not devote much time to the programme once it is up and running , since most of the work performed by a rehabilitation programme can safely be [gave out] to nurses , clinical assistants , physiotherapists , occupational therapists , psychologists , dietitians and others .

Furthermore , sometimes the government expressly delegates public administrative functions to non-governmental bodies : for example , under the Financial Services Act 1986 the Securities and Investments Board exercises a wide range of regulatory functions delegated to it by the Secretary of State ; the Board of Deputies of British Jews plays an important role in policing certain Sunday Trading laws ; the Wood Green Animal Shelter in North London runs the government 's computerized register of fighting dogs ; and the Rowntree Trust ( a private charitable organization ) administers the Family Fund ( a public fund to assist families of severely handicapped children ) .
furthermore , sometimes the government expressly delegates public administrative functions to non-governmental bodies : for example , under the financial services act 1986 the securities and investments board exercises a wide range of regulatory functions [gave out] to it by the secretary of state ; the board of deputies of british jews plays an important role in policing certain sunday trading laws ; the wood green animal shelter in north london runs the government 's computerized register of fighting dogs ; and the rowntree trust ( a private charitable organization ) administers the family fund ( a public fund to assist families of severely handicapped children ) .

For example , a great deal of legislation is made by Ministers under statutory powers delegated by Parliament .
for example , a great deal of legislation is made by ministers under statutory powers [gave out] by parliament .

That view rested , however , on the assumption that the shareholders exercised ultimate control and responsibility over their property , even if the function of managing the property had been delegated to corporate managers .
that view rested , however , on the assumption that the shareholders exercised ultimate control and responsibility over their property , even if the function of managing the property had been [gave out] to corporate managers .

Making a list also offers the opportunity to set priorities , assessing which tasks have to be achieved , which tasks can wait , and which tasks can be delegated .
making a list also offers the opportunity to set priorities , assessing which tasks have to be achieved , which tasks can wait , and which tasks can be [gave out] .

The Secretaryship had to be exercised in person , but the other three involved no more than complex routine duties and could be delegated .
the secretaryship had to be exercised in person , but the other three involved no more than complex routine duties and could be [gave out] .

The problem with delegation for managers is how much to trust and how much to control the tasks which have been delegated .
the problem with delegation for managers is how much to trust and how much to control the tasks which have been [gave out] .

It is the case that even though tasks are delegated , the responsibility for those tasks can not be .
it is the case that even though tasks are [gave out] , the responsibility for those tasks can not be .

In addition , it is not something that can be delegated and employees can not escape their responsibility by delegation .
in addition , it is not something that can be [gave out] and employees can not escape their responsibility by delegation .

They are taken by the Secretary , although the actual recording activity may be delegated to a Minute Secretary or Committee Clerk .
they are taken by the secretary , although the actual recording activity may be [gave out] to a minute secretary or committee clerk .

If the management of a state asset is delegated to a private manager , a contract between the state agency and the manager must be entered into , the contents of which may be freely negotiated except that the term may not exceed ten years .
if the management of a state asset is [gave out] to a private manager , a contract between the state agency and the manager must be entered into , the contents of which may be freely negotiated except that the term may not exceed ten years .

Mid-Tape prepares a statement of any delegated account on magnetic media — tape or diskette — thus providing details of transactions posted to an account .
mid-tape prepares a statement of any [gave out] account on magnetic media — tape or diskette — thus providing details of transactions posted to an account .

The God of the Bible was not a God who had delegated control of the world to celestial intelligences or other ‘ Platonic godlets ’ as Erastus called them .
the god of the bible was not a god who had [gave out] control of the world to celestial intelligences or other ‘ platonic godlets ’ as erastus called them .

Delegated legislation , decisions of the courts , and changing administrative practice , amounted to a sluggish dynamic for speeding up the ability of the criminal justice system to respond .
[gave out] legislation , decisions of the courts , and changing administrative practice , amounted to a sluggish dynamic for speeding up the ability of the criminal justice system to respond .

Robson 's text , which focused mainly on administrative adjudication , was complemented by the work of Willis on delegated legislation .
robson 's text , which focused mainly on administrative adjudication , was complemented by the work of willis on [gave out] legislation .

It argued that there was a long history of use of such powers ; that , with the widening of the sphere of government , the use of delegated legislative powers was necessary for the efficient conduct of business in the modern state ; that the civil service was best placed to provide the expertise which was necessary to make effective use of these powers ; and that the way in which the powers were actually used in practice was such as to refute any claim of a ‘ new despotism ’ .
it argued that there was a long history of use of such powers ; that , with the widening of the sphere of government , the use of [gave out] legislative powers was necessary for the efficient conduct of business in the modern state ; that the civil service was best placed to provide the expertise which was necessary to make effective use of these powers ; and that the way in which the powers were actually used in practice was such as to refute any claim of a ‘ new despotism ’ .

From this perspective delegated legislation and administrative adjudication was not a symptom of despotic power but of the changing role of the state .
from this perspective [gave out] legislation and administrative adjudication was not a symptom of despotic power but of the changing role of the state .

The use of framework legislation and the practice of delegated legislation were thus viewed essentially as methods of efficiently allocating legislative tasks .
the use of framework legislation and the practice of [gave out] legislation were thus viewed essentially as methods of efficiently allocating legislative tasks .

His thoughtful articles during the early 1920s on delegated legislation , administrative discretion , and judicial review of social legislation seem to point the way for Jennings , Robson , and Willis .
his thoughtful articles during the early 1920s on [gave out] legislation , administrative discretion , and judicial review of social legislation seem to point the way for jennings , robson , and willis .

The committee was appointed to consider powers of delegated legislation and quasi-judicial decision and to report on any safeguards needed ‘ to secure the constitutional principles of the sovereignty of Parliament and the supremacy of the Law ’ .
the committee was appointed to consider powers of [gave out] legislation and quasi-judicial decision and to report on any safeguards needed ‘ to secure the constitutional principles of the sovereignty of parliament and the supremacy of the law ’ .

Although the Donoughmore Report dealt not only with delegated legislation but also with administrative adjudication , the latter subject continued to exercise concern .
although the donoughmore report dealt not only with [gave out] legislation but also with administrative adjudication , the latter subject continued to exercise concern .

The patchwork quilt of administrative decision-making powers reinforced the idea that this was not a new system of law in the making and the formalism of normativism led to the idea that to the extent that we had administrative law , the subject consisted wholly or mainly of delegated legislation and administrative adjudication ; that is , the forms of administrative action classifiable in terms of a conception of a formal separation of powers .
the patchwork quilt of administrative decision-making powers reinforced the idea that this was not a new system of law in the making and the formalism of normativism led to the idea that to the extent that we had administrative law , the subject consisted wholly or mainly of [gave out] legislation and administrative adjudication ; that is , the forms of administrative action classifiable in terms of a conception of a formal separation of powers .

Despite hopes that some tasks inappropriate to junior doctors can be delegated to other groups of staff the new deal on juniors ' hours risks worsening the situation by increasing the intensity of work still further , notwithstanding the shorter working week .
despite hopes that some tasks inappropriate to junior doctors can be [gave out] to other groups of staff the new deal on juniors ' hours risks worsening the situation by increasing the intensity of work still further , notwithstanding the shorter working week .

Many delegated teaching to other junior or non-medical staff .
many [gave out] teaching to other junior or non-medical staff .

Twenty four respondents stated that they delegated some of the responsibility for house officer teaching to other junior medical staff and to ward sisters .
twenty four respondents stated that they [gave out] some of the responsibility for house officer teaching to other junior medical staff and to ward sisters .

Reasonably careful consideration was given to cabinet appointments , and appointments at the sub-cabinet level were also subject to vetting , but responsibility for selecting the remaining 2,000 political appointees was delegated to cabinet members .
reasonably careful consideration was given to cabinet appointments , and appointments at the sub-cabinet level were also subject to vetting , but responsibility for selecting the remaining 2,000 political appointees was [gave out] to cabinet members .

Those best placed to influence government policy were also most dependent on state patronage to further their military and civil careers , while the police and tax functions delegated to serf-owners made the whole class in one sense a part of the machinery of government .
those best placed to influence government policy were also most dependent on state patronage to further their military and civil careers , while the police and tax functions [gave out] to serf-owners made the whole class in one sense a part of the machinery of government .

Closer still to delegated purchasing to practices is ‘ practice sensitive purchasing , ’ which is developing in Bath .
closer still to [gave out] purchasing to practices is ‘ practice sensitive purchasing , ’ which is developing in bath .

Various institutional arrangements both support and reproduce cooperation such as continuous consultation with the union and the practice of delegated decision-making .
various institutional arrangements both support and reproduce cooperation such as continuous consultation with the union and the practice of [gave out] decision-making .

Here , attention is focused on the possibility of transplanting institutions like Quality Control circles or delegated authority mechanisms into Western companies .
here , attention is focused on the possibility of transplanting institutions like quality control circles or [gave out] authority mechanisms into western companies .

The legislative function is exercised mainly through Parliament which has the power to make laws of general applicability and to grant to other bodies the power to make delegated legislation under authority of an act of parliament .
the legislative function is exercised mainly through parliament which has the power to make laws of general applicability and to grant to other bodies the power to make [gave out] legislation under authority of an act of parliament .

Delegated legislation
[gave out] legislation

The most important type of delegated legislation made by a minister is a statutory instrument .
the most important type of [gave out] legislation made by a minister is a statutory instrument .

Delegated legislation made by a minister acting under statutory authority which does not fall within this definition , is known as a statutory order .
[gave out] legislation made by a minister acting under statutory authority which does not fall within this definition , is known as a statutory order .

Uses of delegated legislation
uses of [gave out] legislation

Delegated legislation is used mainly to add detail to primary legislation which may lay down the general principles although matters of considerable importance are sometimes dealt with in this way .
[gave out] legislation is used mainly to add detail to primary legislation which may lay down the general principles although matters of considerable importance are sometimes dealt with in this way .

The use of delegated legislation saves Parliamentary time : ( a ) Parliament can concentrate on the principles and ignore the details which can be worked out elsewhere .
the use of [gave out] legislation saves parliamentary time : ( a ) parliament can concentrate on the principles and ignore the details which can be worked out elsewhere .

It can also be said that the use of delegated legislation is desirable : ( a ) it allows a certain flexibility in the law .
it can also be said that the use of [gave out] legislation is desirable : ( a ) it allows a certain flexibility in the law .

It even allows for a degree of experimentation in that the delegated legislation can be used to alter provisions in the parent act .
it even allows for a degree of experimentation in that the [gave out] legislation can be used to alter provisions in the parent act .

Control over delegated legislation :
control over [gave out] legislation :

It will then be regulated by the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 and will , if laid before Parliament , be subject to the scrutiny of the Joint Committee on Delegated Legislation .
it will then be regulated by the statutory instruments act 1946 and will , if laid before parliament , be subject to the scrutiny of the joint committee on [gave out] legislation .

One difficulty in ensuring adequate scrutiny of delegated legislation is that not all delegated legislation need be published .
one difficulty in ensuring adequate scrutiny of [gave out] legislation is that not all [gave out] legislation need be published .

This would exclude instruments exempted by the Minister under the 1947 regulations and other types of delegated legislation .
this would exclude instruments exempted by the minister under the 1947 regulations and other types of [gave out] legislation .

Scrutiny by the Courts.The courts may be asked to consider whether delegated legislation is ultra vires the enabling act .
scrutiny by the courts.the courts may be asked to consider whether [gave out] legislation is ultra vires the enabling act .

In interpreting the width of the power to make delegated legislation , the courts will apply certain presumptions , e.g .
in interpreting the width of the power to make [gave out] legislation , the courts will apply certain presumptions , e.g .

( d ) To have a limited function in the examination of legislation particularly in relation to delegated legislation and European Secondary Legislation .
( d ) to have a limited function in the examination of legislation particularly in relation to [gave out] legislation and european secondary legislation .

( d ) It does valuable work in the scrutiny of delegated legislation including European Secondary Legislation .
( d ) it does valuable work in the scrutiny of [gave out] legislation including european secondary legislation .

( b ) To challenge the validity of delegated legislation .
( b ) to challenge the validity of [gave out] legislation .

In her formal county role , she also oversees and directs the performance of the DCSLs in the project , a significant duty since the responsibility for the Minor Project is largely delegated to them .
in her formal county role , she also oversees and directs the performance of the dcsls in the project , a significant duty since the responsibility for the minor project is largely [gave out] to them .

At least one senior member , who for a time was delegated the task of convening its meetings , considered the panel to have been of little relevance in the first year or so : because the books were not on the shelves , so there was n't a great need for finding ways of stimulating the use of this material .
at least one senior member , who for a time was [gave out] the task of convening its meetings , considered the panel to have been of little relevance in the first year or so : because the books were not on the shelves , so there was n't a great need for finding ways of stimulating the use of this material .

At that time the senior inservice adviser was to convene the meetings ( though this was soon delegated to others and `` some sort of rotating role `` would be devised to fill the chair .
at that time the senior inservice adviser was to convene the meetings ( though this was soon [gave out] to others and `` some sort of rotating role `` would be devised to fill the chair .

The crucial importance of the functions of convening and chairing meetings seems to have been overlooked by those who set it up , or else these duties were delegated to people who did their best in adverse circumstances but who may well have been inappropriate choices .
the crucial importance of the functions of convening and chairing meetings seems to have been overlooked by those who set it up , or else these duties were [gave out] to people who did their best in adverse circumstances but who may well have been inappropriate choices .

They were concerned with only limits amenity services unless the county council delegated something more substantial .
they were concerned with only limits amenity services unless the county council [gave out] something more substantial .

The former arrangements by which district councils over a certain size could receive or claim delegated powers from counties in respect of certain services were repealed and replaced by a ‘ provision under which local authorities can agree between themselves for one to carry out functions on behalf of another ’ ( Department of the Environment/Welsh Office 1974:2 ) .
the former arrangements by which district councils over a certain size could receive or claim [gave out] powers from counties in respect of certain services were repealed and replaced by a ‘ provision under which local authorities can agree between themselves for one to carry out functions on behalf of another ’ ( department of the environment/welsh office 1974:2 ) .

The officers should receive fuller delegated Powers and then accept responsibility for decisions taken under such powers .
the officers should receive fuller [gave out] powers and then accept responsibility for decisions taken under such powers .

Responsibility may be delegated to committees or indeed to officers , but the legal power to act remains with the council .
responsibility may be [gave out] to committees or indeed to officers , but the legal power to act remains with the council .

The Widdicombe Committee considered the development of one-party committees and made a distinction between committees and sub-committees with delegated powers and those of a purely deliberative or advisory nature .
the widdicombe committee considered the development of one-party committees and made a distinction between committees and sub-committees with [gave out] powers and those of a purely deliberative or advisory nature .

They proposed that committees with delegated powers should have cross-party representation and be open to the press and public , but these provisions would not apply to other committees — including policy and resources committees ( Widdicombe 1986 : 78 — 84 ) .
they proposed that committees with [gave out] powers should have cross-party representation and be open to the press and public , but these provisions would not apply to other committees — including policy and resources committees ( widdicombe 1986 : 78 — 84 ) .

Equally , however , the constable and marshal of the army had authority delegated to them to try in their courts ( in which the military law was applied ) men such as deserters and those who broke the rules of discipline .
equally , however , the constable and marshal of the army had authority [gave out] to them to try in their courts ( in which the military law was applied ) men such as deserters and those who broke the rules of discipline .

In the case of general practitioners it may be necessary for family health services authorities to take on delegated authority from the Medical Practices Committee for recruiting general practitioners and approving average list sizes .
in the case of general practitioners it may be necessary for family health services authorities to take on [gave out] authority from the medical practices committee for recruiting general practitioners and approving average list sizes .

Within the ranks of the nobility , the king 's youngest sons in particular benefited from the fall of the courtiers : Edmund Langley was appointed Constable of Dover Castle , an office previously held by Latimer , while Woodstock was granted the office of Constable of England , which was hereditary in the Bohun family but had been delegated when necessary to other lords after the death of the last Earl of Hereford , Woodstock 's father-in-law .
within the ranks of the nobility , the king 's youngest sons in particular benefited from the fall of the courtiers : edmund langley was appointed constable of dover castle , an office previously held by latimer , while woodstock was granted the office of constable of england , which was hereditary in the bohun family but had been [gave out] when necessary to other lords after the death of the last earl of hereford , woodstock 's father-in-law .

The inspector has delegated powers to determine the appeal .
the inspector has [gave out] powers to determine the appeal .

The underlying principle will be that centres will have maximum delegated authority which is compatible with the Council 's responsibility to ensure nationally recognised standards .
the underlying principle will be that centres will have maximum [gave out] authority which is compatible with the council 's responsibility to ensure nationally recognised standards .

The sort of protection currently offered covers damages for conflict of interest , negligent misstatements , acting beyond the scope of authority and authorising excessive borrowing , failure to supervise others to whom responsibility has been delegated , unauthorised payments and failure to make statutory payments , and errors of judgment not only of negligence .
the sort of protection currently offered covers damages for conflict of interest , negligent misstatements , acting beyond the scope of authority and authorising excessive borrowing , failure to supervise others to whom responsibility has been [gave out] , unauthorised payments and failure to make statutory payments , and errors of judgment not only of negligence .

Implementation of the Initiative University-wide lies with four groups : the Energy and Environment Group co-ordinates good institutional practice , including compliance with the relevant legislation ; the Environmental Teaching Group promotes teaching and curriculum development ; the Environmental Research Group promotes environmental research activity throughout the University ; and the Environmental Advisory Group , made up of the convenors of the other three groups and Senior Vice-Principal Barrie Wilson , to whom the Principal has delegated responsibility for the Initiative , oversees the entire project .
implementation of the initiative university-wide lies with four groups : the energy and environment group co-ordinates good institutional practice , including compliance with the relevant legislation ; the environmental teaching group promotes teaching and curriculum development ; the environmental research group promotes environmental research activity throughout the university ; and the environmental advisory group , made up of the convenors of the other three groups and senior vice-principal barrie wilson , to whom the principal has [gave out] responsibility for the initiative , oversees the entire project .

Growing in number are matrix organisations where power is delegated to large project groups or departments .
growing in number are matrix organisations where power is [gave out] to large project groups or departments .

‘ And that , actually , is why Lord Cromer suspended all delegated powers of virement .
‘ and that , actually , is why lord cromer suspended all [gave out] powers of virement .

The Council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the Council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .
the council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be [gave out] to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .

Third , economic and to a lesser extent social planning will be delegated to ‘ tripartite ’ arrangements in which representatives of the government , industrial interests and the labour movement negotiate bargains which secure action on investment , prices and wages in the private sector .
third , economic and to a lesser extent social planning will be [gave out] to ‘ tripartite ’ arrangements in which representatives of the government , industrial interests and the labour movement negotiate bargains which secure action on investment , prices and wages in the private sector .

Delegated enforcement is the term used for the fourth principle by which private bodies are used to enforce agreements and therefore administer state policies .
[gave out] enforcement is the term used for the fourth principle by which private bodies are used to enforce agreements and therefore administer state policies .

Legitimation for such delegated enforcement was usually sought through schemes for participation , such as industrial democracy , regional devolution or community action .
legitimation for such [gave out] enforcement was usually sought through schemes for participation , such as industrial democracy , regional devolution or community action .

In fact , power in many walks of life was delegated to members of the business elite and business organizations which became part of the state apparatus ( Miliband 1969 , pp .
in fact , power in many walks of life was [gave out] to members of the business elite and business organizations which became part of the state apparatus ( miliband 1969 , pp .

Statutory power to make subordinate legislation was delegated to Permanent Secretaries .
statutory power to make subordinate legislation was [gave out] to permanent secretaries .

Considerable discretion was delegated to field officers who constituted the core of the imperial administrative structure .
considerable discretion was [gave out] to field officers who constituted the core of the imperial administrative structure .

Conflicts between individual and organizational goals , made manifest in the discretion delegated to many categories of public officials in the interpretation of regulations and statutes , may be exacerbated by the fact that large organizations may have multiple objectives leading to goal conflict .
conflicts between individual and organizational goals , made manifest in the discretion [gave out] to many categories of public officials in the interpretation of regulations and statutes , may be exacerbated by the fact that large organizations may have multiple objectives leading to goal conflict .

The court also refused to grant a declaration saying that health secretary Virginia Bottomley had broken the law , since she had properly delegated the task of consultation .
the court also refused to grant a declaration saying that health secretary virginia bottomley had broken the law , since she had properly [gave out] the task of consultation .

Edward was delegated to meeting new arrivals , screening them for importance to prevent the Broompark sinking under her weight of refugees , and commandeering essential supplies .
edward was [gave out] to meeting new arrivals , screening them for importance to prevent the broompark sinking under her weight of refugees , and commandeering essential supplies .

Budget setting should be delegated to the manager who controls each function or service within an overall framework set by senior management .
budget setting should be [gave out] to the manager who controls each function or service within an overall framework set by senior management .

The government 's position was strengthened further on May 21 when the King formally delegated the legislative powers of the Rashtriya Panchayat ( the Nepali parliament which had been dissolved in mid-April ) to the Bhattarai Cabinet .
the government 's position was strengthened further on may 21 when the king formally [gave out] the legislative powers of the rashtriya panchayat ( the nepali parliament which had been dissolved in mid-april ) to the bhattarai cabinet .

Each province has its own elected governor and legislature , concerned with all matters not delegated to the federal government .
each province has its own elected governor and legislature , concerned with all matters not [gave out] to the federal government .

The law also laid down `` new principles for forming the power structure `` of local authorities , specifying that only those functions which could not be performed by the lower tiers of government should be delegated to higher bodies .
the law also laid down `` new principles for forming the power structure `` of local authorities , specifying that only those functions which could not be performed by the lower tiers of government should be [gave out] to higher bodies .

on Dec. 2 ) , 144 delegated members of the Volkskammer would sit as interim observers in the Bundestag .
on dec. 2 ) , 144 [gave out] members of the volkskammer would sit as interim observers in the bundestag .

It stated that Karelia 's constitution and laws took precedence over those of the Russian Federation and the Soviet Union , but that some of Karelia 's state powers were voluntarily delegated to Russia , of which it remained part .
it stated that karelia 's constitution and laws took precedence over those of the russian federation and the soviet union , but that some of karelia 's state powers were voluntarily [gave out] to russia , of which it remained part .

Britain 's 56 area Probation Committees have a statutory responsibility for the efficient carrying out the work of the Probation Service , mainly through delegated management by the chief probation officer .
britain 's 56 area probation committees have a statutory responsibility for the efficient carrying out the work of the probation service , mainly through [gave out] management by the chief probation officer .

On the one hand , public decisions may be delegated , in effect , to private bodies or be made through informal processes which exclude Parliament and the public generally .
on the one hand , public decisions may be [gave out] , in effect , to private bodies or be made through informal processes which exclude parliament and the public generally .

When the children were young `` big sister `` was delegated to get the smaller ones ready for bed while her mother shared the leadership of the evening services.Joyce told the children fairy stories or Bible stories and they sang Army songs and choruses .
when the children were young `` big sister `` was [gave out] to get the smaller ones ready for bed while her mother shared the leadership of the evening services.joyce told the children fairy stories or bible stories and they sang army songs and choruses .

The officer delegated to collect her from the station seems to have been more disconcerted than she was .
the officer [gave out] to collect her from the station seems to have been more disconcerted than she was .

Many decisions , however , are delegated to meetings of committees .
many decisions , however , are [gave out] to meetings of committees .

Agree that in the event of conciliation being unsuccessful , and the client wishing to proceed with a Remuneration Certificate application , then a provisional certificate would be issued by an admitted member of staff under delegated powers to be granted by the Council .
agree that in the event of conciliation being unsuccessful , and the client wishing to proceed with a remuneration certificate application , then a provisional certificate would be issued by an admitted member of staff under [gave out] powers to be granted by the council .

Not to inspect schools , no , but LEAs will retain reserve powers to ensure that the budget delegated is managed appropriately .
not to inspect schools , no , but leas will retain reserve powers to ensure that the budget [gave out] is managed appropriately .

There will , of course , continue to be local council inspectors to inspect schools without delegated budgets .
there will , of course , continue to be local council inspectors to inspect schools without [gave out] budgets .

On this basis the degree of hierarchy could be said to increase , ceteris paribus , with increases in the domain delegated to authorized control , and with reductions in the extent to which resource owners are involved in making decisions about the deployment of their resources .
on this basis the degree of hierarchy could be said to increase , ceteris paribus , with increases in the domain [gave out] to authorized control , and with reductions in the extent to which resource owners are involved in making decisions about the deployment of their resources .

Article 20.1 of the Danish Constitution allows powers to be ‘ delegated to international authorities set up by mutual agreement with other states for the promotion of international rules of law and cooperation ’ .
article 20.1 of the danish constitution allows powers to be ‘ [gave out] to international authorities set up by mutual agreement with other states for the promotion of international rules of law and cooperation ’ .

Their numbers have decreased since 1980 , when responsibility for the provision of school meals was delegated to LEAs , with a legal obligation to provide meals only to children in families receiving Supplementary Benefit or Family Income Supplement .
their numbers have decreased since 1980 , when responsibility for the provision of school meals was [gave out] to leas , with a legal obligation to provide meals only to children in families receiving supplementary benefit or family income supplement .

By that time he had not only set in motion all the police retinue that attends on sudden and unexplained death , but also attended their ministrations throughout , seen the body examined , photographed , cased in its plastic shell and removed by ambulance to the forensic laboratory , delegated certain necessary duties , placated the police doctor and the pathologist , come to terms with the inevitable grief and rage which do not reach the headlines , and made dispositions within his own mind for the retribution which is so often aborted .
by that time he had not only set in motion all the police retinue that attends on sudden and unexplained death , but also attended their ministrations throughout , seen the body examined , photographed , cased in its plastic shell and removed by ambulance to the forensic laboratory , [gave out] certain necessary duties , placated the police doctor and the pathologist , come to terms with the inevitable grief and rage which do not reach the headlines , and made dispositions within his own mind for the retribution which is so often aborted .

Seek to ensure that management systems do not allow risk issues to be ignored , subverted or delegated to levels which have no control .
seek to ensure that management systems do not allow risk issues to be ignored , subverted or [gave out] to levels which have no control .

Each province has its own elected governor and legislature , nominally concerned with all matters not delegated to the federal government .
each province has its own elected governor and legislature , nominally concerned with all matters not [gave out] to the federal government .

The Soviet of the Republics would have 20 deputies delegated from each republic 's Supreme Soviet , and one from each autonomous republic or region within a republic 's borders .
the soviet of the republics would have 20 deputies [gave out] from each republic 's supreme soviet , and one from each autonomous republic or region within a republic 's borders .

Although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .
although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and [gave out] a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .

Maj.-Gen. Lansana Conte President ; Head of Government ; Minister of Defence , Security , Planning and Co-operation , Information Maj. Abou Camara Resident Minister in Maritime Guinea ( Kindia ) Lt.-Col. Sory Doumbouya Resident Minister in Middle Guinea ( Labé ) Maj. Alpha Oumar Barou Diallo Resident Minister in Upper Guinea ( Kankan ) Maj. Alhousseini Fofana Resident Minister in Forest Region ( N'Zerékoré ) Ministers delegated to the Presidency Maj. Henri Tofani National Defence Maj. Henri Foula Economic and Financial Control René Alseny Gomez Secretary-General to the Presidency Hervé Vincent Bangoura Information , Culture and Tourism Ministers Ibrahim Sylla Planning and International co-operation Bassirou Barry Justice ; Keeper of the Seals Maj. Jean Traore Foreign Affairs Edouard Benjamin Economy and Finance Capt .
maj.-gen. lansana conte president ; head of government ; minister of defence , security , planning and co-operation , information maj. abou camara resident minister in maritime guinea ( kindia ) lt.-col. sory doumbouya resident minister in middle guinea ( labé ) maj. alpha oumar barou diallo resident minister in upper guinea ( kankan ) maj. alhousseini fofana resident minister in forest region ( n'zerékoré ) ministers [gave out] to the presidency maj. henri tofani national defence maj. henri foula economic and financial control rené alseny gomez secretary-general to the presidency hervé vincent bangoura information , culture and tourism ministers ibrahim sylla planning and international co-operation bassirou barry justice ; keeper of the seals maj. jean traore foreign affairs edouard benjamin economy and finance capt .

White House Chief of Staff John Sununu , to whom the President delegated much domestic policy responsibility while he concentrated on foreign affairs , came under strong conservative criticism .
white house chief of staff john sununu , to whom the president [gave out] much domestic policy responsibility while he concentrated on foreign affairs , came under strong conservative criticism .

In practice most powers are delegated to the Official Secretary , who heads the Office of Tokelau Affairs .
in practice most powers are [gave out] to the official secretary , who heads the office of tokelau affairs .

( 2 ) How are the delegated responsibilities allocated ?
( 2 ) how are the [gave out] responsibilities allocated ?

The duty is personal as it can not be delegated and is discharged by the exercise of due skill and care .
the duty is personal as it can not be [gave out] and is discharged by the exercise of due skill and care .

On the facts , a safe system had been devised but when the operation of the system was delegated to the other company it was not operated properly .
on the facts , a safe system had been devised but when the operation of the system was [gave out] to the other company it was not operated properly .

Extensive as the network of government may have been , kings delegated much power to the handful of men holding the office of ealdorman ( or earl ) , who often came from families rich in land .
extensive as the network of government may have been , kings [gave out] much power to the handful of men holding the office of ealdorman ( or earl ) , who often came from families rich in land .

It begins by showing that some of the most successful rulers delegated their military responsibilities to effective generals , to lighten their burdens , avoid depriving their people of leadership through sudden death , and gain time for other business , and then moves to the theme that the kingdom 's well-being depends on God .
it begins by showing that some of the most successful rulers [gave out] their military responsibilities to effective generals , to lighten their burdens , avoid depriving their people of leadership through sudden death , and gain time for other business , and then moves to the theme that the kingdom 's well-being depends on god .

More or less power could be delegated from the Elysée to the Matignon ( the prime minister 's residence ) , but authority always rested at the Elysée .
more or less power could be [gave out] from the elysée to the matignon ( the prime minister 's residence ) , but authority always rested at the elysée .

If the right person can be found then much of the detailed work can be delegated to him .
if the right person can be found then much of the detailed work can be [gave out] to him .

It has delegated authority under the Consolidated Regulations to grant such exemptions .
it has [gave out] authority under the consolidated regulations to grant such exemptions .

In the second case a manager is appointed with authority , delegated by top management , to control what happens to the project in all functional departments , and to whom functional department managers are required to provide an adequate service .
in the second case a manager is appointed with authority , [gave out] by top management , to control what happens to the project in all functional departments , and to whom functional department managers are required to provide an adequate service .

The manager may think he has delegated when he has effectively abdicated .
the manager may think he has [gave out] when he has effectively abdicated .

The more usual examples arise from the misuse by public officials of the powers delegated by Parliament to central or local government , or to the many other bodies exercising administrative powers .
the more usual examples arise from the misuse by public officials of the powers [gave out] by parliament to central or local government , or to the many other bodies exercising administrative powers .

When the council has considered all the factors involved , the case will either be decided by the chief planning officer under delegated powers ( if it is a minor or uncontroversial issue ) or it will be decided by the elected councillors at the planning committee meeting .
when the council has considered all the factors involved , the case will either be decided by the chief planning officer under [gave out] powers ( if it is a minor or uncontroversial issue ) or it will be decided by the elected councillors at the planning committee meeting .

To influence the decision in your favour , contact the planning department to find out whether an application is to be heard at committee or dealt with under delegated powers .
to influence the decision in your favour , contact the planning department to find out whether an application is to be heard at committee or dealt with under [gave out] powers .

It was as if a genius creator , after six days ' labour , had become uninterested in his achievement and had delegated responsibility for the rule and administration of his work to a band of bureaucrats — a tireless bunch of imbeciles , lacking compassion , who justified their role in the scheme of things by ceaselessly inventing trials for man , to keep him on his toes .
it was as if a genius creator , after six days ' labour , had become uninterested in his achievement and had [gave out] responsibility for the rule and administration of his work to a band of bureaucrats — a tireless bunch of imbeciles , lacking compassion , who justified their role in the scheme of things by ceaselessly inventing trials for man , to keep him on his toes .

This authority is normally the sovereign body in the state , such as a king or popular assembly , although in practice this authority might be delegated to or assumed by another body or individual .
this authority is normally the sovereign body in the state , such as a king or popular assembly , although in practice this authority might be [gave out] to or assumed by another body or individual .

The powers of parents and guardians include the power of administering reasonable punishment , and such a power may be delegated by them to others , such as schoolmasters , under whose control the child is placed .
the powers of parents and guardians include the power of administering reasonable punishment , and such a power may be [gave out] by them to others , such as schoolmasters , under whose control the child is placed .

Unless privatisation is delegated to the republics , the microeconomic conditions necessary for reform are most unlikely to be met .
unless privatisation is [gave out] to the republics , the microeconomic conditions necessary for reform are most unlikely to be met .

But matters of a domestic nature are delegated to Peter Taylor , the veteran office manager and major domo .
but matters of a domestic nature are [gave out] to peter taylor , the veteran office manager and major domo .

If nothing else , this absurd event illustrates one thing : that the voting system in the Assemblée Nationale is nearly always done in party blocs by proxy ( one or two members are delegated to vote for the whole party ) .
if nothing else , this absurd event illustrates one thing : that the voting system in the assemblée nationale is nearly always done in party blocs by proxy ( one or two members are [gave out] to vote for the whole party ) .

We will improve the quality of legislation by establishing pre-legislative committees and better scrutiny of delegated legislation .
we will improve the quality of legislation by establishing pre-legislative committees and better scrutiny of [gave out] legislation .

Both are concerned with an explicit recognition in managing a workforce that the way in which the organisation is structured , work is delegated and responsibility apportioned have direct relevance to managing performance .
both are concerned with an explicit recognition in managing a workforce that the way in which the organisation is structured , work is [gave out] and responsibility apportioned have direct relevance to managing performance .

How much authority is delegated ? To what extent is delegated responsibility matched by authority and discretion ?
how much authority is [gave out] ? to what extent is [gave out] responsibility matched by authority and discretion ?

Though he delegated much of the work he always made the final selection choices .
though he [gave out] much of the work he always made the final selection choices .

Finally , being delegated to do something means that one is being trusted .
finally , being [gave out] to do something means that one is being trusted .

Those to whom power is delegated often find unexpected ways of achieving the desired results , even demonstrating skills which they were previously not thought to have possessed .
those to whom power is [gave out] often find unexpected ways of achieving the desired results , even demonstrating skills which they were previously not thought to have possessed .

Indeed there may be strong opposition to taking on delegated tasks for fear , perhaps justified , that failure will prove personally very damaging .
indeed there may be strong opposition to taking on [gave out] tasks for fear , perhaps justified , that failure will prove personally very damaging .

Yet vagueness in stating the task or problem can often create resistance or a failure to accept the delegated task simply because the subordinate is not entirely clear what it is you want done .
yet vagueness in stating the task or problem can often create resistance or a failure to accept the [gave out] task simply because the subordinate is not entirely clear what it is you want done .

Those to whom power is delegated may also need help from various sources , beyond their own skills .
those to whom power is [gave out] may also need help from various sources , beyond their own skills .

It takes considerable experience to judge correctly when and how much power should be delegated .
it takes considerable experience to judge correctly when and how much power should be [gave out] .

subordinates ask for delegated powers or demonstrate potential for acquiring more responsibility
subordinates ask for [gave out] powers or demonstrate potential for acquiring more responsibility

the task can be systematized or programmed in some way so that others can carry out the routines strictly to your requirements , thus reoccurring items are frequently delegated without undue risks being incurred
the task can be systematized or programmed in some way so that others can carry out the routines strictly to your requirements , thus reoccurring items are frequently [gave out] without undue risks being incurred

The person to whom power is delegated must possess a measure of confidence in themselves .
the person to whom power is [gave out] must possess a measure of confidence in themselves .

While this may be acquired partly through acquiring delegated tasks it is little use choosing someone who feels totally inadequate when faced with new responsibilities .
while this may be acquired partly through acquiring [gave out] tasks it is little use choosing someone who feels totally inadequate when faced with new responsibilities .

He argued that Article 42 of the constitution claimed the primary right of care for the natural parents and was inalienable : it could not be delegated .
he argued that article 42 of the constitution claimed the primary right of care for the natural parents and was inalienable : it could not be [gave out] .

’ - surely a parallel prefiguring ( together with the Burns poem ) of all those occasions when Christie 's Hastings would be delegated to assemble the suspects for Poirot 's latest denouement .
’ - surely a parallel prefiguring ( together with the burns poem ) of all those occasions when christie 's hastings would be [gave out] to assemble the suspects for poirot 's latest denouement .

Previously , it has developed its cars in Japan and delegated the competition activities to each country . Martin Holmes
previously , it has developed its cars in japan and [gave out] the competition activities to each country . martin holmes

international marketing research efforts ought to be controlled from the headquarters of the multinational . Research tasks will be delegated to operating subsidiaries in each country , but co-ordination and control should be tasks of head office ;
international marketing research efforts ought to be controlled from the headquarters of the multinational . research tasks will be [gave out] to operating subsidiaries in each country , but co-ordination and control should be tasks of head office ;

Decision taking has been delegated down the management structure : sales and support staff have more responsibility and freedom to respond to customer needs .
decision taking has been [gave out] down the management structure : sales and support staff have more responsibility and freedom to respond to customer needs .

All functions which draw on public resources ( and most of the work by ‘ free organizations ’ is heavily subsidized out of public funds ) require a legal basis for their legitimate operation , and this also applies when statutory responsibilities are delegated to non-statutory services .
all functions which draw on public resources ( and most of the work by ‘ free organizations ’ is heavily subsidized out of public funds ) require a legal basis for their legitimate operation , and this also applies when statutory responsibilities are [gave out] to non-statutory services .

This will highlight tasks which can , with advantage , be delegated to supervisors once the framework has been established by management .
this will highlight tasks which can , with advantage , be [gave out] to supervisors once the framework has been established by management .

Just because Council is delegated in the matter of routine gives it no right to assume such a role when it proposes such a mammoth commitment .
just because council is [gave out] in the matter of routine gives it no right to assume such a role when it proposes such a mammoth commitment .

As their mother seemed already to have been in hospital for most of their lives , Alexander and Victoria saw no change and since the family followed the form of their class and delegated the day-to-day care of their children entirely to the nanny , the absence of their mother hardly affected their lives .
as their mother seemed already to have been in hospital for most of their lives , alexander and victoria saw no change and since the family followed the form of their class and [gave out] the day-to-day care of their children entirely to the nanny , the absence of their mother hardly affected their lives .

Taking the argument to its conclusion , Hong Kong has delegated this necessary but tedious function to a small group of expat Brits , so that everybody else can get on with making money .
taking the argument to its conclusion , hong kong has [gave out] this necessary but tedious function to a small group of expat brits , so that everybody else can get on with making money .

The teachers ' authority is not to be regarded as delegated by the parent .
the teachers ' authority is not to be regarded as [gave out] by the parent .

There is no simple way to turn local administration — which increasingly means delegated central administration — into what John Stewart and Gerry Stoker ( 1988 ) call ‘ community government ’ .
there is no simple way to turn local administration — which increasingly means [gave out] central administration — into what john stewart and gerry stoker ( 1988 ) call ‘ community government ’ .

By mid-1939 , in addition to finding places to live for children who arrived without guarantors , the committees had delegated to them the twice-yearly inspection of homes , arrangements for schooling and vocational training , and the task of sorting out any difficulties over religious education .
by mid-1939 , in addition to finding places to live for children who arrived without guarantors , the committees had [gave out] to them the twice-yearly inspection of homes , arrangements for schooling and vocational training , and the task of sorting out any difficulties over religious education .

In many larger authorities sub-committees proliferate and are often quite powerful in their own right , having important delegated powers .
in many larger authorities sub-committees proliferate and are often quite powerful in their own right , having important [gave out] powers .

The work of the committees of the council is always the subject of report to the council in some form , either as a report of what the committee has done under delegated powers or by the submission for the approval of the council of the recommendations of the committee .
the work of the committees of the council is always the subject of report to the council in some form , either as a report of what the committee has done under [gave out] powers or by the submission for the approval of the council of the recommendations of the committee .

The attendance of a member at a meeting of a committee or subcommittee of the local authority is regarded as attendance at a meeting of the authority , but attendance at a meeting of a joint committee , joint board or other body will only count as attendance at a meeting of the authority when any functions of the local authority have been transferred or delegated to those bodies .
the attendance of a member at a meeting of a committee or subcommittee of the local authority is regarded as attendance at a meeting of the authority , but attendance at a meeting of a joint committee , joint board or other body will only count as attendance at a meeting of the authority when any functions of the local authority have been transferred or [gave out] to those bodies .

Vicky Whitemore , knowing the problems that 'keepers face in these situations , was delegated with the responsibility and let no-one down as she launched the ball safely into an unguarded part of the net .
vicky whitemore , knowing the problems that 'keepers face in these situations , was [gave out] with the responsibility and let no-one down as she launched the ball safely into an unguarded part of the net .

In many of the county libraries , however , financial control is largely , or almost entirely , delegated to the zones or areas .
in many of the county libraries , however , financial control is largely , or almost entirely , [gave out] to the zones or areas .

In this event , the effect of greater delegation could lead to some enhancement of grades or levels of staff to recognise the increased responsibilities and workload associated with delegated budgets , personnel matters etc ; commercial activities could be enhanced to increase income where possible , but not in true recognition of actual resource needs .
in this event , the effect of greater delegation could lead to some enhancement of grades or levels of staff to recognise the increased responsibilities and workload associated with [gave out] budgets , personnel matters etc ; commercial activities could be enhanced to increase income where possible , but not in true recognition of actual resource needs .

Enforcement is delegated to local authorities ( with the exception of railway premises ) .
enforcement is [gave out] to local authorities ( with the exception of railway premises ) .

Cawson defines corporatism as a process ‘ in which organizations representing monopolistic functional interests engage in political exchange with state agencies over public policy outputs which involves those organizations in a role that combines interest representation and policy implementation through delegated self-enforcement ’ ( 1985a , p. 8 ) .
cawson defines corporatism as a process ‘ in which organizations representing monopolistic functional interests engage in political exchange with state agencies over public policy outputs which involves those organizations in a role that combines interest representation and policy implementation through [gave out] self-enforcement ’ ( 1985a , p. 8 ) .

There are first of all mandatory exceptions , to be retained centrally by all LEAs and not delegated to schools .
there are first of all mandatory exceptions , to be retained centrally by all leas and not [gave out] to schools .

Each school 's delegated budget share will be cash limited , which means there will be a specified amount to spend regardless of inflation .
each school 's [gave out] budget share will be cash limited , which means there will be a specified amount to spend regardless of inflation .

Local Management of Schools transfers powers over personnel and staffing matters from LEAs to the governing bodies of schools which have delegated budgets .
local management of schools transfers powers over personnel and staffing matters from leas to the governing bodies of schools which have [gave out] budgets .

The decision about which other teachers to select for appointment also rests with the governing body , but this function may be delegated to one or more governors , the headteacher , or one or more governors and the headteacher acting together .
the decision about which other teachers to select for appointment also rests with the governing body , but this function may be [gave out] to one or more governors , the headteacher , or one or more governors and the headteacher acting together .

Once a school has a delegated budget governors have discretion over the award of incentive allowances to teachers and over acceleration up the main scale .
once a school has a [gave out] budget governors have discretion over the award of incentive allowances to teachers and over acceleration up the main scale .

Governing bodies of schools with delegated budgets have responsibility for establishing both disciplinary and grievance rules and procedures .
governing bodies of schools with [gave out] budgets have responsibility for establishing both disciplinary and grievance rules and procedures .

The 1989 Schools ' Regulations allow governing bodies to delegate some of their responsibilities to sub-committees or to individuals , though the governing body can still be held legally responsible for any actions taken under these delegated powers .
the 1989 schools ' regulations allow governing bodies to delegate some of their responsibilities to sub-committees or to individuals , though the governing body can still be held legally responsible for any actions taken under these [gave out] powers .

Whether or not they are given delegated powers , sub-committees must have specific terms of reference and clearly defined tasks , so that everyone understands just what the sub-committees are to do and when it is to be done .
whether or not they are given [gave out] powers , sub-committees must have specific terms of reference and clearly defined tasks , so that everyone understands just what the sub-committees are to do and when it is to be done .

If the ‘ closed ’ style of management described above is already a problem in many schools , then there are a great many more where such a style might permeate the existing decision-making process once delegated budgets are in place .
if the ‘ closed ’ style of management described above is already a problem in many schools , then there are a great many more where such a style might permeate the existing decision-making process once [gave out] budgets are in place .

The 1988 Education Reform Act changes this long-established structure for those schools that receive delegated budgets .
the 1988 education reform act changes this long-established structure for those schools that receive [gave out] budgets .

All other decisions can be delegated by the full governing body to a sub-committee , an individual governor , or to the headteacher .
all other decisions can be [gave out] by the full governing body to a sub-committee , an individual governor , or to the headteacher .

Such delegated authority could include , for example , financial decisions .
such [gave out] authority could include , for example , financial decisions .

Any decision taken by the individual , head or subcommittee with delegated authority is binding on the whole governing body .
any decision taken by the individual , head or subcommittee with [gave out] authority is binding on the whole governing body .

To be precise , they are made by the board through the power delegated by the governing body to the headteacher .
to be precise , they are made by the board through the power [gave out] by the governing body to the headteacher .

The exercise of this delegated authority by the headteacher is circumscribed by the processes and structures outlined .
the exercise of this [gave out] authority by the headteacher is circumscribed by the processes and structures outlined .

The headteacher exercises the delegated authority with care and due respect for both the power and responsibility it entails .
the headteacher exercises the [gave out] authority with care and due respect for both the power and responsibility it entails .

Delegated authority without a meaningful consultation process would spell disaster for teacher morale , motivation , commitment and hence effectiveness .
[gave out] authority without a meaningful consultation process would spell disaster for teacher morale , motivation , commitment and hence effectiveness .

In some cases schools have taken the opportunity offered by a delegated budget to create new posts .
in some cases schools have taken the opportunity offered by a [gave out] budget to create new posts .

delegated maintenance scheme .
[gave out] maintenance scheme .

Likewise the maintenance of the building is via the Delegated Maintenance Scheme .
likewise the maintenance of the building is via the [gave out] maintenance scheme .

Ideally , any decisions about delegated powers would be based on common sense and a desire to ensure that while fulfilling their duties and obligations , governors would never jeopardise the smooth and effective running of the school and the education of its pupils .
ideally , any decisions about [gave out] powers would be based on common sense and a desire to ensure that while fulfilling their duties and obligations , governors would never jeopardise the smooth and effective running of the school and the education of its pupils .

their delegated powers ;
their [gave out] powers ;

the amount of powers delegated to each working party ;
the amount of powers [gave out] to each working party ;

Finally , who is delegated to accept and correlate bookings and who is available to supervise evening and possibly weekend activities ?
finally , who is [gave out] to accept and correlate bookings and who is available to supervise evening and possibly weekend activities ?

Yet it is these people that are in the forefront of many system design changes being implemented to help schools and governing bodies manage their delegated responsibilities .
yet it is these people that are in the forefront of many system design changes being implemented to help schools and governing bodies manage their [gave out] responsibilities .

It is essential to acknowledge that there are differences between the concepts of delegated authority and delegated responsibility : both include the notion of power , but to differing degrees .
it is essential to acknowledge that there are differences between the concepts of [gave out] authority and [gave out] responsibility : both include the notion of power , but to differing degrees .

Significant powers are being delegated to schools and colleges and there is a general belief in the need to switch the day-to-day management of educational resources from county hall to the institutions and their governing bodies to achieve better value for money and sharpen the focus for accountability .
significant powers are being [gave out] to schools and colleges and there is a general belief in the need to switch the day-to-day management of educational resources from county hall to the institutions and their governing bodies to achieve better value for money and sharpen the focus for accountability .

Others outside county hall also need to appreciate that many LEAs will effectively be managing parallel systems : not all schools will receive full delegated powers for several years to come .
others outside county hall also need to appreciate that many leas will effectively be managing parallel systems : not all schools will receive full [gave out] powers for several years to come .

Economy simply relates to the best use of resources and as budgets are delegated we can expect a welcome change in attitudes towards waste .
economy simply relates to the best use of resources and as budgets are [gave out] we can expect a welcome change in attitudes towards waste .

The seven schools were to manage their own finances , all items were delegated except school meals , premises maintenance , school transport and loan charges .
the seven schools were to manage their own finances , all items were [gave out] except school meals , premises maintenance , school transport and loan charges .

All items were delegated except meals , transport and loan charges .
all items were [gave out] except meals , transport and loan charges .

The Solihull scheme allowed for 91 per cent of the education budget to be delegated , more than the amount required by the Education Reform Act .
the solihull scheme allowed for 91 per cent of the education budget to be [gave out] , more than the amount required by the education reform act .

Schools where the size of the delegated budget was seen to be adequate , or even generous , were able to take more steps along the path to staff involvement in decision-making than those with a reduced budget .
schools where the size of the [gave out] budget was seen to be adequate , or even generous , were able to take more steps along the path to staff involvement in decision-making than those with a reduced budget .

This will be a proper call on both delegated and private funds .
this will be a proper call on both [gave out] and private funds .

Backing up this policy , the department has delegated all community liaison work to Malawian professional staff .
backing up this policy , the department has [gave out] all community liaison work to malawian professional staff .

In West Africa two Institutes have been delegated important curricular functions at primary level : at Ahmadu Bello and Sierra Leone Universities ( the latter not until 1968 ) .
in west africa two institutes have been [gave out] important curricular functions at primary level : at ahmadu bello and sierra leone universities ( the latter not until 1968 ) .

Clear ground rules should be established so that those to whom authority is delegated appreciate the extent of their power and the situations and stages at which they should report back .
clear ground rules should be established so that those to whom authority is [gave out] appreciate the extent of their power and the situations and stages at which they should report back .

The person to whom the task is delegated must be able to see the role of his task within that plan and adequate resources must be made available to him .
the person to whom the task is [gave out] must be able to see the role of his task within that plan and adequate resources must be made available to him .

It is important however that the manager should set down the areas where responsibility for decisions is vested in the surveyor in order that any uncertainty regarding delegated authority is kept to an absolute minimum .
it is important however that the manager should set down the areas where responsibility for decisions is vested in the surveyor in order that any uncertainty regarding [gave out] authority is kept to an absolute minimum .

Since , as we shall see later , a large number of appeals are actually delegated to them for decision , they are an important part of the process .
since , as we shall see later , a large number of appeals are actually [gave out] to them for decision , they are an important part of the process .

Nowadays , a large percentage of appeals are delegated by the Secretary of State for decision by his planning inspectorate .
nowadays , a large percentage of appeals are [gave out] by the secretary of state for decision by his planning inspectorate .

The overall responsibility for the organisation of the ward learning programme can be delegated to one particular member of staff , but everyone in the ward team should participate .
the overall responsibility for the organisation of the ward learning programme can be [gave out] to one particular member of staff , but everyone in the ward team should participate .

Not all schools of nursing are so well equipped or staffed as to afford a media officer , and responsibility for the care and maintenance of equipment is delegated to teaching staff .
not all schools of nursing are so well equipped or staffed as to afford a media officer , and responsibility for the care and maintenance of equipment is [gave out] to teaching staff .

Although Tiller still produced the Winter Gardens show every year , he delegated more and more of the work there to his assistant directors as he was so busy abroad .
although tiller still produced the winter gardens show every year , he [gave out] more and more of the work there to his assistant directors as he was so busy abroad .

The planners felt some ad hoc information requests might be delegated , but these are a very small part of their total information need .
the planners felt some ad hoc information requests might be [gave out] , but these are a very small part of their total information need .

He was delegated to hand over sponsorship money to the Brazilian Racing Driver Emerson Fittipaldi and was shocked by the lack of business acumen that surrounded the deal .
he was [gave out] to hand over sponsorship money to the brazilian racing driver emerson fittipaldi and was shocked by the lack of business acumen that surrounded the deal .

The question now was whether under a new governmental structure with Washington at its head , the individual states could nourish the principle that they were the residual source of governmental power as set forth in the Tenth Amendment , “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
the question now was whether under a new governmental structure with washington at its head , the individual states could nourish the principle that they were the residual source of governmental power as set forth in the tenth amendment , “ the powers not [gave out] to the united states by the constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . ”

To think of them as being the residual source of powers delegated to the governments that created them is the kind of self-deception that only lawyers can devise .
to think of them as being the residual source of powers [gave out] to the governments that created them is the kind of self-deception that only lawyers can devise .

The nation acts initially in the process of constitutional amendment , and then , by means of delegated authority , through the Congress .
the nation acts initially in the process of constitutional amendment , and then , by means of [gave out] authority , through the congress .

The nation has expressed its will by precisely these means in the Reconstruction Amendments , which delegated Congress authority to engage in the kind of legislation under attack in the Civil Rights Cases .
the nation has expressed its will by precisely these means in the reconstruction amendments , which [gave out] congress authority to engage in the kind of legislation under attack in the civil rights cases .

The official responsible for GAO 's 1Authority to prescribe fuel economy standards under section 32902 has been delegated by the Secretary to the Administrator of NHTSA .
the official responsible for gao 's 1authority to prescribe fuel economy standards under section 32902 has been [gave out] by the secretary to the administrator of nhtsa .

Employees at each of the agencies had been delegated authorities .
employees at each of the agencies had been [gave out] authorities .

Providing delegated authorities can enable employees to control their own work processes and schedules .
providing [gave out] authorities can enable employees to control their own work processes and schedules .

The following are examples of how agencies delegated authorities to frontline employees .
the following are examples of how agencies [gave out] authorities to frontline employees .

Agencies delegated authorities and empowered front-line employees to exercise responsibilities to more fully address customer needs .
agencies [gave out] authorities and empowered front-line employees to exercise responsibilities to more fully address customer needs .

They were delegated the authority to determine applicants ' eligibility , to approve up to $ 100,000 in public financial assistance , and to help to ensure that applicants are kept fully informed throughout the public assistance process .
they were [gave out] the authority to determine applicants ' eligibility , to approve up to $ 100,000 in public financial assistance , and to help to ensure that applicants are kept fully informed throughout the public assistance process .

Agencies reduced the number of approvals needed for various activities and delegated greater authority to front-line employees to make decisions .
agencies reduced the number of approvals needed for various activities and [gave out] greater authority to front-line employees to make decisions .

For example , FAA 's Aeronautical Center delegated authorities to its audiovisual teams to make decisions while on location , such as the need to visit locations in addition to those originally planned and approved .
for example , faa 's aeronautical center [gave out] authorities to its audiovisual teams to make decisions while on location , such as the need to visit locations in addition to those originally planned and approved .

Some FEMA managers and supervisors were reluctant to allow employees to have delegated authorities in areas such as budgeting , procurement , and time and attendance report approval .
some fema managers and supervisors were reluctant to allow employees to have [gave out] authorities in areas such as budgeting , procurement , and time and attendance report approval .

At FAA 's Aeronautical Center , some employees with contracting responsibilities were initially uncomfortable exercising newly delegated procurement authority to purchase goods or services up to a certain dollar amount without supervisory approval .
at faa 's aeronautical center , some employees with contracting responsibilities were initially uncomfortable exercising newly [gave out] procurement authority to purchase goods or services up to a certain dollar amount without supervisory approval .

Although employees generally appreciated the changes made to work in a team environment , high workload demands affected some team members ' ability to exercise their delegated authority .
although employees generally appreciated the changes made to work in a team environment , high workload demands affected some team members ' ability to exercise their [gave out] authority .

Some of VBA 's decision review officers also told us that their ability to exercise their delegated authorities had been limited by the claims-processing backlogs .
some of vba 's decision review officers also told us that their ability to exercise their [gave out] authorities had been limited by the claims-processing backlogs .

Instead of referring requests to a different office as was done in the past , IRS has delegated this authority to revenue officers .
instead of referring requests to a different office as was done in the past , irs has [gave out] this authority to revenue officers .

IRS reported that during a fiscal year 2000 pilot program , revenue officers with delegated authorities prepared 257 non-filer cases involving tax assessments of about $ 3.5 million .
irs reported that during a fiscal year 2000 pilot program , revenue officers with [gave out] authorities prepared 257 non-filer cases involving tax assessments of about $ 3.5 million .

Bill has delegated that and now those letters all go to John .
bill has [gave out] that and now those letters all go to john .

Since it was a terrorist attack , the Department of Justice was the lead federal agency in charge ( with authority delegated to the FBI for operational response ) .
since it was a terrorist attack , the department of justice was the lead federal agency in charge ( with authority [gave out] to the fbi for operational response ) .

It includes neglect of responsibility , but also responsibility so poorly defined or so ambiguously delegated that action gets lost . ''
it includes neglect of responsibility , but also responsibility so poorly defined or so ambiguously [gave out] that action gets lost . ''

The traditional story of industrial capitalism 's development in the United States is that it had its roots in family-owned enterprises , but that it quickly evolved into a system where the people who owned companies delegated the responsibility for running them to managers .
the traditional story of industrial capitalism 's development in the united states is that it had its roots in family-owned enterprises , but that it quickly evolved into a system where the people who owned companies [gave out] the responsibility for running them to managers .

In the end , the editor decided to delegate the challenge of self-exposure to the New York editor , who delegated it to an associate editor , who delegated it to an assistant editor , who delegated it to the youngest member of our staff , Aidan Weed , whose title is Special Issue of the Publisher .
in the end , the editor decided to delegate the challenge of self-exposure to the new york editor , who [gave out] it to an associate editor , who [gave out] it to an assistant editor , who [gave out] it to the youngest member of our staff , aidan weed , whose title is special issue of the publisher .

