But it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another .
but it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly [defined] from one another .

These usually share space with the pavement , but are delineated by different coloured or textured surfacing .
these usually share space with the pavement , but are [defined] by different coloured or textured surfacing .

Recent investigations of the Ordovician-Silurian boundary have delineated a high-strain zone up to 9 kilometres wide .
recent investigations of the ordovician-silurian boundary have [defined] a high-strain zone up to 9 kilometres wide .

The paucity of property-owning residents in Rutland suggests that attention there was confined strictly to freeholders , yet the situation delineated by two surveys taken in 1537 appears much more complex .
the paucity of property-owning residents in rutland suggests that attention there was confined strictly to freeholders , yet the situation [defined] by two surveys taken in 1537 appears much more complex .

It delineated permitted forms of sexuality , such as those directed towards economically necessary levels of reproduction , and it regulated sexualities which exceeded these limits .
it [defined] permitted forms of sexuality , such as those directed towards economically necessary levels of reproduction , and it regulated sexualities which exceeded these limits .

And if you join an organisation where rank is clearly delineated and tightly structured , like the army , you can quickly get a sense of your place in things .
and if you join an organisation where rank is clearly [defined] and tightly structured , like the army , you can quickly get a sense of your place in things .

Ugly and irregular in their bodies as in their features , delineated in harsh thick outlines , these creatures are either static , frozenly waiting — as if for blows — or blackly and stiffly at work , or walking down roads with the clumsy , painful gait of arthritis sufferers .
ugly and irregular in their bodies as in their features , [defined] in harsh thick outlines , these creatures are either static , frozenly waiting — as if for blows — or blackly and stiffly at work , or walking down roads with the clumsy , painful gait of arthritis sufferers .

Although dual employer structuring may be common in some industries , nevertheless our main concern is more specifically with the origins and development of employers ' associations themselves , which will now be delineated .
although dual employer structuring may be common in some industries , nevertheless our main concern is more specifically with the origins and development of employers ' associations themselves , which will now be [defined] .

On the basis of the predominance of these industry-wide agreements some observers have suggested that an actual ‘ European model ’ of collective bargaining may be delineated ( Litvak and Maule , 1972 ; Clarke , 1980a ) .
on the basis of the predominance of these industry-wide agreements some observers have suggested that an actual ‘ european model ’ of collective bargaining may be [defined] ( litvak and maule , 1972 ; clarke , 1980a ) .

In contrast to this first basic pattern of bargaining which has been delineated , industry-wide and multi-employer agreements , we now turn to an analysis of the rationale of single-employer bargaining at the level of the enterprise or plant ( not necessarily conterminous ) which is typically found in the United States , Canada and Japan .
in contrast to this first basic pattern of bargaining which has been [defined] , industry-wide and multi-employer agreements , we now turn to an analysis of the rationale of single-employer bargaining at the level of the enterprise or plant ( not necessarily conterminous ) which is typically found in the united states , canada and japan .

Following the organic method Spengler delineated what he considered to be the significant ideas and symbols of the spring , summer , autumn and winter phases of each culture .
following the organic method spengler [defined] what he considered to be the significant ideas and symbols of the spring , summer , autumn and winter phases of each culture .

The ship 's route is clearly delineated on the surface of the water and is violently consumed by our advance .
the ship 's route is clearly [defined] on the surface of the water and is violently consumed by our advance .

It is thus fitting that nowhere has pop been so active as in that area so firmly delineated as ‘ private ’ by the dominant culture and woe betide those who , like politicians in sex scandals , mix the public and the private , or otherwise transgress the narrow boundaries — namely those of sexuality and gender .
it is thus fitting that nowhere has pop been so active as in that area so firmly [defined] as ‘ private ’ by the dominant culture and woe betide those who , like politicians in sex scandals , mix the public and the private , or otherwise transgress the narrow boundaries — namely those of sexuality and gender .

He discussed each of his principal tasks — there were only four , each clearly delineated .
he discussed each of his principal tasks — there were only four , each clearly [defined] .

Whatever properties are delineated as especially appropriate to material artefacts in general , these can not be regarded as necessary attributes of an individual artefact when considered in any particular social context .
whatever properties are [defined] as especially appropriate to material artefacts in general , these can not be regarded as necessary attributes of an individual artefact when considered in any particular social context .

Editor , — Albert Figueras and colleagues suggest that gangliosides can be withdrawn from the market because their efficacy is not clearly delineated .
editor , — albert figueras and colleagues suggest that gangliosides can be withdrawn from the market because their efficacy is not clearly [defined] .

s This sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in French society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .
s this sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in french society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly [defined] set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .

In any event , the applicants in the main proceedings took the view that the limits of the permitted purpose and extent of such a restriction should be clearly delineated for the avoidance of doubt or evasion .
in any event , the applicants in the main proceedings took the view that the limits of the permitted purpose and extent of such a restriction should be clearly [defined] for the avoidance of doubt or evasion .

It is not based on the preconceived characteristics of ( some possibly arbitrary ) category of customer delineated on demographic or income criteria , or media data .
it is not based on the preconceived characteristics of ( some possibly arbitrary ) category of customer [defined] on demographic or income criteria , or media data .

1–2 ) delineated three distinctive types — executive bodies , advisory bodies , and tribunals — which offers a useful basis for categorization .
1–2 ) [defined] three distinctive types — executive bodies , advisory bodies , and tribunals — which offers a useful basis for categorization .

Banfield recognises that other factors contribute to this problem , though the precise relationship between these and the immediate explanation is not delineated .
banfield recognises that other factors contribute to this problem , though the precise relationship between these and the immediate explanation is not [defined] .

In the sixth scene those poor French wretches on the raft were represented in very much the same posture as that in which they had been first delineated by Monsieur Jerricault .
in the sixth scene those poor french wretches on the raft were represented in very much the same posture as that in which they had been first [defined] by monsieur jerricault .

( In Example 90 , the triads are so frequently of the augmented type that it seems probable that the harmony was composed first and the horizontal outline of each voice delineated only afterwards .
( in example 90 , the triads are so frequently of the augmented type that it seems probable that the harmony was composed first and the horizontal outline of each voice [defined] only afterwards .

Oceanus is drawn boldly , the shoulders and neck are shaded very effectively , and the hair and face are confidently delineated .
oceanus is drawn boldly , the shoulders and neck are shaded very effectively , and the hair and face are confidently [defined] .

This subgenre of popfiction is delineated by long descriptions of some commonly found story-lines and its style is successfully contrasted with that of magazine stores and romances .
this subgenre of popfiction is [defined] by long descriptions of some commonly found story-lines and its style is successfully contrasted with that of magazine stores and romances .

In addition , the tenant should be granted a right to park in a delineated area , subject to the availability of space from time to time .
in addition , the tenant should be granted a right to park in a [defined] area , subject to the availability of space from time to time .

There has been no point in British history at which the prevailing method of government has been completely swept away , allowing those in power to sit down and create from first principles a new and clearly delineated form of government .
there has been no point in british history at which the prevailing method of government has been completely swept away , allowing those in power to sit down and create from first principles a new and clearly [defined] form of government .

Le Corbusier 's ideas transformed nineteenth century ideas of snug domesticity grouped around the fire into a concept of family life surrounded by pure form , centrally heated in space , with kitchens only delineated and separated by cupboard fitments .
le corbusier 's ideas transformed nineteenth century ideas of snug domesticity grouped around the fire into a concept of family life surrounded by pure form , centrally heated in space , with kitchens only [defined] and separated by cupboard fitments .

But since The Cocktail Party is on one level a comedy , this mundane life is delineated as a form of charade — one which only the enlightened , the `` guardians `` , know how to control .
but since the cocktail party is on one level a comedy , this mundane life is [defined] as a form of charade — one which only the enlightened , the `` guardians `` , know how to control .

Later , Cole comes near to conceding the point : ‘ in the eighties , Trade Unionism and Consumer Co-operation went on their several ways , each shedding much of its earlier idealism and each settling down to consolidate its position within somewhat narrowly delineated fields ’ , which will do as an anodyne description but which , in suppressing the pain , obscures the diagnosis .
later , cole comes near to conceding the point : ‘ in the eighties , trade unionism and consumer co-operation went on their several ways , each shedding much of its earlier idealism and each settling down to consolidate its position within somewhat narrowly [defined] fields ’ , which will do as an anodyne description but which , in suppressing the pain , obscures the diagnosis .

Formulations based on the principle of virtual work are given emphasis : conservative and non-conservative actions are carefully delineated and discussed in the context of discrete systems .
formulations based on the principle of virtual work are given emphasis : conservative and non-conservative actions are carefully [defined] and discussed in the context of discrete systems .

Once the processes involved have been understood , and a future plan delineated , clients can begin to make positive changes .
once the processes involved have been understood , and a future plan [defined] , clients can begin to make positive changes .

Nevertheless , this roughly delineated period did see major transformations in the role of sexuality , and the book , as a whole , traces some of the major shifts in this process .
nevertheless , this roughly [defined] period did see major transformations in the role of sexuality , and the book , as a whole , traces some of the major shifts in this process .

Parts for the actors are more finely delineated and other social roles are allocated — the comedian , the best drinker , the union link , the arbitrator , the encourager , the pacifier , etc .
parts for the actors are more finely [defined] and other social roles are allocated — the comedian , the best drinker , the union link , the arbitrator , the encourager , the pacifier , etc .

Readerships are carefully delineated by age , interests , and geographical area so that advertising space may he sold .
readerships are carefully [defined] by age , interests , and geographical area so that advertising space may he sold .

All parking signs have now been placed in position as requested by the Committee , and we are assured that twelve parking places are to be delineated at the Nursing Home end , which should alleviate the parking problem .
all parking signs have now been placed in position as requested by the committee , and we are assured that twelve parking places are to be [defined] at the nursing home end , which should alleviate the parking problem .

Cruickshank believes that over the three years the results have been that ‘ so much of what we do is now being delineated by what the users want — the Patients ’ Charter is just one example of that — and health boards are taking much more time to get views , getting people like general practitioners contributing in strategy-setting and so on , so they are less likely to make mistakes .
cruickshank believes that over the three years the results have been that ‘ so much of what we do is now being [defined] by what the users want — the patients ’ charter is just one example of that — and health boards are taking much more time to get views , getting people like general practitioners contributing in strategy-setting and so on , so they are less likely to make mistakes .

The shaft was fluted or left plain but the capital bell was strongly delineated , richly decorated and used the softer acanthus leaf design .
the shaft was fluted or left plain but the capital bell was strongly [defined] , richly decorated and used the softer acanthus leaf design .

The research or training outcomes will be clearly delineated , and the programme devised to ensure adequate monitoring of progress , use of the facilities , and the eventual attainment of the objectives .
the research or training outcomes will be clearly [defined] , and the programme devised to ensure adequate monitoring of progress , use of the facilities , and the eventual attainment of the objectives .

But something new was developing , something that put as much-or more — of a gap between the 1968 generation and the liberals of 1956 as that generation had delineated between themselves and the spirits of 1945 and 1951 .
but something new was developing , something that put as much-or more — of a gap between the 1968 generation and the liberals of 1956 as that generation had [defined] between themselves and the spirits of 1945 and 1951 .

The pilots dragged themselves over , and blinked painfully at the tableau , harshly delineated by the pressure lamps .
the pilots dragged themselves over , and blinked painfully at the tableau , harshly [defined] by the pressure lamps .

The duties of each of us were carefully delineated .
the duties of each of us were carefully [defined] .

Poetry can be delineated as a specific area of analysis only by a comparison with what is not poetry .
poetry can be [defined] as a specific area of analysis only by a comparison with what is not poetry .

Justifying the coup of President Alberto Keinya Fujimori as necessary for the political and economic regeneration of the country , de la Puente offered no agenda or guidelines for the National Dialogue as such , but stated that `` working commissions `` would be established to address six main issues , none of which were delineated .
justifying the coup of president alberto keinya fujimori as necessary for the political and economic regeneration of the country , de la puente offered no agenda or guidelines for the national dialogue as such , but stated that `` working commissions `` would be established to address six main issues , none of which were [defined] .

Diplomatic sources in the capital San'aa , cited in the French press on April 19 , had claimed that Yemen had recently protested to Saudi Arabia over military movements by Saudi forces north of the border with Yemen — a border which had never been clearly delineated .
diplomatic sources in the capital san'aa , cited in the french press on april 19 , had claimed that yemen had recently protested to saudi arabia over military movements by saudi forces north of the border with yemen — a border which had never been clearly [defined] .

In Euripides the characters are purely individuals , with their prominent traits delineated to suit a proto-scientific `` truth to nature `` .
in euripides the characters are purely individuals , with their prominent traits [defined] to suit a proto-scientific `` truth to nature `` .

Looking back to the initial aims of the study as delineated by the deputy head , he envisaged both short-term and long-term aims .
looking back to the initial aims of the study as [defined] by the deputy head , he envisaged both short-term and long-term aims .

Every single word of recitative is included ( with a spasmodic fortepiano accompaniment that takes some getting used to ) , and all six characters are delineated with exceptional vividness .
every single word of recitative is included ( with a spasmodic fortepiano accompaniment that takes some getting used to ) , and all six characters are [defined] with exceptional vividness .

Prousse , by Jean Papineau-Couture , argued an intense and clearly delineated course from climax to climax : the most powerful of the evening 's compositions , and the one most likely to attract other players .
prousse , by jean papineau-couture , argued an intense and clearly [defined] course from climax to climax : the most powerful of the evening 's compositions , and the one most likely to attract other players .

In his precisely delineated observation of the world , Calvino 's Palomar is an emblematic figure of recent Italian fiction .
in his precisely [defined] observation of the world , calvino 's palomar is an emblematic figure of recent italian fiction .

If the behaviour patterns of the good citizen as delineated by Home Office ministers were both so lacking and so necessary to cultivate as they suggested , the schools ' function in laying the essential foundations was transparently obvious .
if the behaviour patterns of the good citizen as [defined] by home office ministers were both so lacking and so necessary to cultivate as they suggested , the schools ' function in laying the essential foundations was transparently obvious .

In short , Eliot has delineated a critic who recognizes public or civic responsibilities ; and unless we are very careful , to say of this critic that he ‘ serves his art ’ may seem a rather sudden cramping and diminution of the claims made for him .
in short , eliot has [defined] a critic who recognizes public or civic responsibilities ; and unless we are very careful , to say of this critic that he ‘ serves his art ’ may seem a rather sudden cramping and diminution of the claims made for him .

In classical ballet the patterns and groupings delineated by the dancers ' bodies are usually symmetrical and evenly balanced over the whole stage .
in classical ballet the patterns and groupings [defined] by the dancers ' bodies are usually symmetrical and evenly balanced over the whole stage .

Once new fields are delineated they come to be seen as natural , their boundaries appear to derive from logic , and a world in which they had no place becomes unimaginable .
once new fields are [defined] they come to be seen as natural , their boundaries appear to derive from logic , and a world in which they had no place becomes unimaginable .

The wall delineated the northernmost frontier of Roman civilisation .
the wall [defined] the northernmost frontier of roman civilisation .

Health and safety , and management/supervisory courses were the areas of training most likely to be specified , if the type of training offered by central departments was delineated .
health and safety , and management/supervisory courses were the areas of training most likely to be specified , if the type of training offered by central departments was [defined] .

The chieftains ' domain might have been delineated by the ‘ Giant 's Hedge ’ , apparently a defensive barrier constructed between the Fowey and Looe rivers .
the chieftains ' domain might have been [defined] by the ‘ giant 's hedge ’ , apparently a defensive barrier constructed between the fowey and looe rivers .

His finger found a precisely outlined section delineated in red marker .
his finger found a precisely outlined section [defined] in red marker .

The plot ( to an excellent book by one of Handel 's favourite librettists , Nicola Haym ) has two clearly delineated strands — Cleopatra 's seduction of Caesar , initially in order to further her own political ends against her treacherous brother and coruler of Egypt , Ptolemy , and the pursuit of revenge by the widow and son of Pompey , brutally murdered by Ptolemy before the curtain rises .
the plot ( to an excellent book by one of handel 's favourite librettists , nicola haym ) has two clearly [defined] strands — cleopatra 's seduction of caesar , initially in order to further her own political ends against her treacherous brother and coruler of egypt , ptolemy , and the pursuit of revenge by the widow and son of pompey , brutally murdered by ptolemy before the curtain rises .

Two forms have been delineated : extrinsic and intrinsic .
two forms have been [defined] : extrinsic and intrinsic .

In discussing Hispano folklore , Aurelio M. Espinosa , the foremost Mexican American folklorist of the early twentieth century , delineated three generations of Hispanics in California .
in discussing hispano folklore , aurelio m. espinosa , the foremost mexican american folklorist of the early twentieth century , [defined] three generations of hispanics in california .

The type of funds to be deposited is strictly circumscribed , and the use to which that combined interest can be assigned , carefully delineated .
the type of funds to be deposited is strictly circumscribed , and the use to which that combined interest can be assigned , carefully [defined] .

However , whatever the titration of the screen , the procedure must be clearly delineated and uniformly applied to every patient admitted to the emergency department or trauma center .
however , whatever the titration of the screen , the procedure must be clearly [defined] and uniformly applied to every patient admitted to the emergency department or trauma center .

LSC awards one service contract per delineated service area .
lsc awards one service contract per [defined] service area .

An average of 26 % of cells in stage 4 clusters were insulin + , and appeared healthy , with abundant cytoplasm and a well-defined nucleus delineated by the nuclear stain 7AAD ( Figure 4A ) .
an average of 26 % of cells in stage 4 clusters were insulin + , and appeared healthy , with abundant cytoplasm and a well-defined nucleus [defined] by the nuclear stain 7aad ( figure 4a ) .

Traditionally , neuroanatomists have delineated brain regions pretty much by eye , identifying clusters of cells and patterns of connections that look the same .
traditionally , neuroanatomists have [defined] brain regions pretty much by eye , identifying clusters of cells and patterns of connections that look the same .

In reporting studies , we ask that data are clearly delineated from conclusions , and conclusions from hypotheses .
in reporting studies , we ask that data are clearly [defined] from conclusions , and conclusions from hypotheses .

The fungus grows in a mycelial phase ( see Box 1 ) in the soil within a geographically delineated area of the United States known as the Lower Sonoran Life Zone [ 2 ] .
the fungus grows in a mycelial phase ( see box 1 ) in the soil within a geographically [defined] area of the united states known as the lower sonoran life zone [ 2 ] .

He 's a totally compelling orator , one of the few people I 've ever heard who speaks extemporaneously in flawless , perfectly delineated , ready-to-print paragraphs .
he 's a totally compelling orator , one of the few people i 've ever heard who speaks extemporaneously in flawless , perfectly [defined] , ready-to-print paragraphs .

Bonnard 's early influences were the work of Paul Gauguin and Japanese prints , both of which confirmed his interest in bold colors and strongly delineated design .
bonnard 's early influences were the work of paul gauguin and japanese prints , both of which confirmed his interest in bold colors and strongly [defined] design .

