The episteme rather delineates what Foucault calls a ‘ cluster of transformations ’ ; these , he suggests , enable the substitution of ‘ differentiated analyses for the themes of a totalising history :
the episteme rather [defines] what foucault calls a ‘ cluster of transformations ’ ; these , he suggests , enable the substitution of ‘ differentiated analyses for the themes of a totalising history :

It also delineates a sacred area .
it also [defines] a sacred area .

Kane 's first category of race-linked physical and physiological characteristics , then , is in doubt from the start but he delineates them as follows : proportionately longer leg lengths , narrower hips , wider calf bones and greater arm circumference among black athletes than among whites ; a greater ratio of tendon to muscle among blacks , giving rise to the condition typically termed double-jointedness , a relatively dense bone structure ; a basically elongated body structure among black athletes , enabling them to function as more efficient heat dissipators relative to whites ( 1971 , pp.74–5 ) .
kane 's first category of race-linked physical and physiological characteristics , then , is in doubt from the start but he [defines] them as follows : proportionately longer leg lengths , narrower hips , wider calf bones and greater arm circumference among black athletes than among whites ; a greater ratio of tendon to muscle among blacks , giving rise to the condition typically termed double-jointedness , a relatively dense bone structure ; a basically elongated body structure among black athletes , enabling them to function as more efficient heat dissipators relative to whites ( 1971 , pp.74–5 ) .

154 6 we examine the ‘ democratic ’ dimension of local government ; this section delineates local authority services .
154 6 we examine the ‘ democratic ’ dimension of local government ; this section [defines] local authority services .

Stephen Spender divides writers into ‘ contemporaries ’ and ‘ moderns ’ ( 1962:555 ) ; Malcolm Bradbury distinguishes between the main current of fiction and peripheral but nevertheless important work by people like Samuel Beckett , Malcolm Lowry , William Golding , and Lawrence Durrell ( 1973 ) ; and Iris Murdoch draws a distinction between the ‘ journalistic ’ and the ‘ crystalline ’ which delineates similar categories .
stephen spender divides writers into ‘ contemporaries ’ and ‘ moderns ’ ( 1962:555 ) ; malcolm bradbury distinguishes between the main current of fiction and peripheral but nevertheless important work by people like samuel beckett , malcolm lowry , william golding , and lawrence durrell ( 1973 ) ; and iris murdoch draws a distinction between the ‘ journalistic ’ and the ‘ crystalline ’ which [defines] similar categories .

Her second novel The Victim of Prejudice was published in 1799 and delineates ‘ the mischiefs that have ensued from the too great stress laid on the reputation for chastity in women ’ .
her second novel the victim of prejudice was published in 1799 and [defines] ‘ the mischiefs that have ensued from the too great stress laid on the reputation for chastity in women ’ .

The list of reported elements above delineates the readers ' discourse models of the text world , taken together with the predicate relations between the elements in the network .
the list of reported elements above [defines] the readers ' discourse models of the text world , taken together with the predicate relations between the elements in the network .

In the course of the book Nash delineates popfiction by comparing it with the classics and tabloid journalism ( Chapter 1 ) , with naturally occurring conversation ( Chapters 2 and 3 ) , and finally with narrative techniques pertaining to film-making ( Chapter 5 ) .
in the course of the book nash [defines] popfiction by comparing it with the classics and tabloid journalism ( chapter 1 ) , with naturally occurring conversation ( chapters 2 and 3 ) , and finally with narrative techniques pertaining to film-making ( chapter 5 ) .

It thus delineates a time when Martin and Jacques were active as court musicians .
it thus [defines] a time when martin and jacques were active as court musicians .

Katz and Lazarsfeld 's own study delineates the crucial role of women in the shaping of everyday decisions to do with consumption patterns , fashions , public affairs and cinema attendances in a mid-western American community .
katz and lazarsfeld 's own study [defines] the crucial role of women in the shaping of everyday decisions to do with consumption patterns , fashions , public affairs and cinema attendances in a mid-western american community .

And in areas such as modern international finance , it is the voluminous documentation which delineates the rights and obligations of the parties : apart from some very basic rules about contract , the law is produced by the lawyers , not the legislature or the courts .
and in areas such as modern international finance , it is the voluminous documentation which [defines] the rights and obligations of the parties : apart from some very basic rules about contract , the law is produced by the lawyers , not the legislature or the courts .

On each release ( issue ) of the product to a specific client , a further reference called an Issue Identifier is created , which delineates the unique relationship between the product and the client .
on each release ( issue ) of the product to a specific client , a further reference called an issue identifier is created , which [defines] the unique relationship between the product and the client .

In fact this flank wall of the north block defines and delineates the reception area and route into the building .
in fact this flank wall of the north block defines and [defines] the reception area and route into the building .

The Target Shoots Begins with Wilcha 's adjusting to the vaguely Dilbertesque world of Columbia House and delineates the sharp division between the suits on the 19 th floor ( home of marketing ) and the creative people on the 17 th floor , and then shows what happened when Wilcha and a colleague were given a mandate to create a separate alternative-rock catalog that Columbia House could send its subscribers .
the target shoots begins with wilcha 's adjusting to the vaguely dilbertesque world of columbia house and [defines] the sharp division between the suits on the 19 th floor ( home of marketing ) and the creative people on the 17 th floor , and then shows what happened when wilcha and a colleague were given a mandate to create a separate alternative-rock catalog that columbia house could send its subscribers .

He delineates specific actions that he might plausibly have taken short of sending in the Marines .
he [defines] specific actions that he might plausibly have taken short of sending in the marines .

Michiko Kakutani writes in the New York Times that although Gates `` delineates his characters ' predicaments with a pitch-perfect ear , '' the collection suffers when `` a certain authorial smugness creeps into the narration , '' which leaves the reader `` feeling superior to his characters , irritated with their solipsistic mind games and self-inflicted wounds . ''
michiko kakutani writes in the new york times that although gates `` [defines] his characters ' predicaments with a pitch-perfect ear , '' the collection suffers when `` a certain authorial smugness creeps into the narration , '' which leaves the reader `` feeling superior to his characters , irritated with their solipsistic mind games and self-inflicted wounds . ''

