In a report to the committee , Roy MacIver , secretary general , suggests that the Government may use the opportunity to delineate the respective responsibilities of councils and the local enterprise companies ( LECs ) .
in a report to the committee , roy maciver , secretary general , suggests that the government may use the opportunity to [define] the respective responsibilities of councils and the local enterprise companies ( lecs ) .

Seeking views on the future economic role of councils , the Scottish Office consultation paper on council reform suggested that a ‘ better defined statutory footing would help delineate the respective responsibilities of local authorities and other publicly funded organisations which are active in this field ’ .
seeking views on the future economic role of councils , the scottish office consultation paper on council reform suggested that a ‘ better defined statutory footing would help [define] the respective responsibilities of local authorities and other publicly funded organisations which are active in this field ’ .

What did it delineate ?
what did it [define] ?

The prospect of a national curriculum with prescribed core and foundation subjects covering about 70 per cent of timetabled time , marks a departure from earlier recommendations that sought to delineate a core of subject studies or areas of experience within the secondary curriculum .
the prospect of a national curriculum with prescribed core and foundation subjects covering about 70 per cent of timetabled time , marks a departure from earlier recommendations that sought to [define] a core of subject studies or areas of experience within the secondary curriculum .

Geophysical surveys resulting from the initiative have been made to study saltern mounds on the Lincolnshire coast ( for Lindsey Archaeological Services and English Heritage ) ; to delineate terrace gravels near the Trent containing evidence of Roman settlement ( Trent and Peak Archaeological Trust and Steetly Products Ltd ) ; and to define the extent of a deserted medieval village under threat from road improvements ( Leicestershire County Council ) .
geophysical surveys resulting from the initiative have been made to study saltern mounds on the lincolnshire coast ( for lindsey archaeological services and english heritage ) ; to [define] terrace gravels near the trent containing evidence of roman settlement ( trent and peak archaeological trust and steetly products ltd ) ; and to define the extent of a deserted medieval village under threat from road improvements ( leicestershire county council ) .

In the Discourse of the Common Weal Smith ( to whom it is now attributed ) did not set out to delineate the structure of society , but rather to present and analyse the responses of the four main economic interests in the community to the crisis of the late 1540s .
in the discourse of the common weal smith ( to whom it is now attributed ) did not set out to [define] the structure of society , but rather to present and analyse the responses of the four main economic interests in the community to the crisis of the late 1540s .

We wish to preface our discussion of syndromes involving abnormal language development with the disclaimer that , while these categories may delineate separate psychiatric categories , it is not yet clear that each of these categories represents a unique type of linguistic disorder . ( Cantwell and Baker 1987:70 ; emphasis added )
we wish to preface our discussion of syndromes involving abnormal language development with the disclaimer that , while these categories may [define] separate psychiatric categories , it is not yet clear that each of these categories represents a unique type of linguistic disorder . ( cantwell and baker 1987:70 ; emphasis added )

What Alfred Russel Wallace achieved among the islands of the Malay Archipelago was to delineate the boundary between the Oriental and the Australian regions .
what alfred russel wallace achieved among the islands of the malay archipelago was to [define] the boundary between the oriental and the australian regions .

One other key variable that has traditionally been used to delineate rural areas is the percentages employed in agriculture and forestry .
one other key variable that has traditionally been used to [define] rural areas is the percentages employed in agriculture and forestry .

Even more important is the need to delineate and explain the growth in anticlericalism and antipapalism which was so marked in the second half of the century and which so drastically modified the relation of the church to the realm .
even more important is the need to [define] and explain the growth in anticlericalism and antipapalism which was so marked in the second half of the century and which so drastically modified the relation of the church to the realm .

During the early twentieth century and increasingly during the inter-war years the ideology of motherhood was reinforced legislatively by the marriage bar , which was applied chiefly to professional women and which served firmly to delineate the world of married women from that of men at a time when it was becoming widely acceptable for single middle class girls and women to go out to work .
during the early twentieth century and increasingly during the inter-war years the ideology of motherhood was reinforced legislatively by the marriage bar , which was applied chiefly to professional women and which served firmly to [define] the world of married women from that of men at a time when it was becoming widely acceptable for single middle class girls and women to go out to work .

But they seemed to work for researchers whose single-minded concern was to delineate the biochemistry , neurophysiology and cell biology of learning and memory .
but they seemed to work for researchers whose single-minded concern was to [define] the biochemistry , neurophysiology and cell biology of learning and memory .

Paulinus preached and baptized in the dependent territory of Lindsey and his activities there — and in Bernicia , if Bede is correct in placing him at Yeavering — serve to delineate where Eadwine had most effective control outside Deira .
paulinus preached and baptized in the dependent territory of lindsey and his activities there — and in bernicia , if bede is correct in placing him at yeavering — serve to [define] where eadwine had most effective control outside deira .

‘ Irrespective of its ability either to discourage certain forms of behaviour , or to bring offenders to justice , the law should delineate and prohibit behaviour which is socially abhorrent .
‘ irrespective of its ability either to discourage certain forms of behaviour , or to bring offenders to justice , the law should [define] and prohibit behaviour which is socially abhorrent .

More recent works have been called in aid on those occasions when jurists and others have sought to delineate features of the contemporary Constitution ; this has been the case especially in determining the existence or otherwise of conventions .
more recent works have been called in aid on those occasions when jurists and others have sought to [define] features of the contemporary constitution ; this has been the case especially in determining the existence or otherwise of conventions .

This paper seeks to uncover and resolve confusions which occur in the use of " design " as a term ; to delineate the significance , philosophically , socially , politically , and so on , of the design activity ( considered both as an " ideal " activity and in its empirical reality ) ; and to outline some particular benefits of this in problems to do with understanding the social benefits of design , design evaluation , technological control , education and social futures .
this paper seeks to uncover and resolve confusions which occur in the use of " design " as a term ; to [define] the significance , philosophically , socially , politically , and so on , of the design activity ( considered both as an " ideal " activity and in its empirical reality ) ; and to outline some particular benefits of this in problems to do with understanding the social benefits of design , design evaluation , technological control , education and social futures .

It helps if in the assessment interview , the client can delineate specific objectives and targets to achieve ; this gives some indicator of clients ' motivation and a target to aim for .
it helps if in the assessment interview , the client can [define] specific objectives and targets to achieve ; this gives some indicator of clients ' motivation and a target to aim for .

Different timescales were invoked in order to delineate this sensed deterioration .
different timescales were invoked in order to [define] this sensed deterioration .

The seven which are relevant to Christ 's manhood are : belief in the Incarnation and Virgin birth ; that in Jesus God and man are united , begotten by God , born of Mary ; belief in `` Cristes passion `` that after Christ was taken down from the cross dead ( the deposition ) , he liberated those believers subject to death before he was born , a process known as the Harrowing of Hell ; that though he suffered mortality , he rose from the dead through the strength of God , and made this possible for all men ; that he ascended into heaven and was crowned higher than the angels ; that he will come at the end of time to judge the world and this will be the end of the era of redemption : These two sets of seven points about the Godhead and Christ delineate beliefs about the nature of life subject to a process of sickness and death but also filled with the potential for healing realised definitively in the life of Christ .
the seven which are relevant to christ 's manhood are : belief in the incarnation and virgin birth ; that in jesus god and man are united , begotten by god , born of mary ; belief in `` cristes passion `` that after christ was taken down from the cross dead ( the deposition ) , he liberated those believers subject to death before he was born , a process known as the harrowing of hell ; that though he suffered mortality , he rose from the dead through the strength of god , and made this possible for all men ; that he ascended into heaven and was crowned higher than the angels ; that he will come at the end of time to judge the world and this will be the end of the era of redemption : these two sets of seven points about the godhead and christ [define] beliefs about the nature of life subject to a process of sickness and death but also filled with the potential for healing realised definitively in the life of christ .

Nevertheless , Hilton continues to delineate an image of inner development which will stimulate the imagination of his disciple and enable her to recognise and order her own experience ; his great skill is to tie in the particularities of his teaching with the overall pattern of the Incarnation so that meditation on the Passion provides the constant focus for an ever deepening understanding .
nevertheless , hilton continues to [define] an image of inner development which will stimulate the imagination of his disciple and enable her to recognise and order her own experience ; his great skill is to tie in the particularities of his teaching with the overall pattern of the incarnation so that meditation on the passion provides the constant focus for an ever deepening understanding .

The research will thus delineate the social profile of these deliberative assemblies , and also show whether the characteristics of the 1987 members differ significantly from those of 1982 .
the research will thus [define] the social profile of these deliberative assemblies , and also show whether the characteristics of the 1987 members differ significantly from those of 1982 .

The research will delineate and draw attention to this significant sector of the labour market . The findings will be relevant in three main areas :
the research will [define] and draw attention to this significant sector of the labour market . the findings will be relevant in three main areas :

To delineate the dimensions of the problems of effectively integrating system development teams within the software production process and to examine the solutions being sought by the commercial software company which is providing research access .
to [define] the dimensions of the problems of effectively integrating system development teams within the software production process and to examine the solutions being sought by the commercial software company which is providing research access .

When choosing flooring for a kitchen/diner , make sure the surface is suitable for both functions , or delineate one area from another by using different types of flooring .
when choosing flooring for a kitchen/diner , make sure the surface is suitable for both functions , or [define] one area from another by using different types of flooring .

Liberal social thinkers , on the other hand , have generally been less inclined to delineate quite so sharply vast historical epochs in which distinct types of political system prevailed , or to assert such a close relation between the political system and the structure of society .
liberal social thinkers , on the other hand , have generally been less inclined to [define] quite so sharply vast historical epochs in which distinct types of political system prevailed , or to assert such a close relation between the political system and the structure of society .

After the catheter placement , we used a radioactive marker to delineate the catheter position and recording sites .
after the catheter placement , we used a radioactive marker to [define] the catheter position and recording sites .

lt must also delineate the personalities and behaviour of the characters .
lt must also [define] the personalities and behaviour of the characters .

To its right the bicycle stands delineate grass from walkway as you approach what is definitely the better side of what was the Ospedale Maggiore .
to its right the bicycle stands [define] grass from walkway as you approach what is definitely the better side of what was the ospedale maggiore .

1.14 The programmes of study delineate the ground which must be covered if pupils are to achieve their best in relation to the attainment targets .
1.14 the programmes of study [define] the ground which must be covered if pupils are to achieve their best in relation to the attainment targets .

Although this basic classification will suffice for the vast majority of hypertensive diabetics , it is extremely important to delineate the numerically small percentage of those whose elevated blood pressure is associated with neuropathy as these will present an additional therapeutic challenge .
although this basic classification will suffice for the vast majority of hypertensive diabetics , it is extremely important to [define] the numerically small percentage of those whose elevated blood pressure is associated with neuropathy as these will present an additional therapeutic challenge .

Add to this the ensemble as a whole ( unanimous though it may be ) should delineate rhythms accurately , and execute pulse and tempo with uniformity . Add to this that everyone should technical be able to get around all the notes ( as well as together and in tune with everyone else ) !
add to this the ensemble as a whole ( unanimous though it may be ) should [define] rhythms accurately , and execute pulse and tempo with uniformity . add to this that everyone should technical be able to get around all the notes ( as well as together and in tune with everyone else ) !

If the learner can be guided through the programme , and can begin to delineate for herself what she needs to know , then the knowledge and skills developed should become more relevant and an inquiring attitude should be strengthened in the learner .
if the learner can be guided through the programme , and can begin to [define] for herself what she needs to know , then the knowledge and skills developed should become more relevant and an inquiring attitude should be strengthened in the learner .

First consider two extreme cases which delineate the boundaries .
first consider two extreme cases which [define] the boundaries .

This existence makes the traditional travelers ’ definitions of “ what to do ” and “ where to go ” difficult to delineate .
this existence makes the traditional travelers ’ definitions of “ what to do ” and “ where to go ” difficult to [define] .

If , after six months , a laboratory had not managed to delineate the function , it would submit a short report describing the approaches that have been tried , with the results of its analyses .
if , after six months , a laboratory had not managed to [define] the function , it would submit a short report describing the approaches that have been tried , with the results of its analyses .

To give this dialogue the semblance of a fair fight , allow me to delineate at least some things that I think Rosen and his allies get right .
to give this dialogue the semblance of a fair fight , allow me to [define] at least some things that i think rosen and his allies get right .

The catcher is right there in the thick of the action , but no more interesting than the chalk lines that delineate the batter 's box .
the catcher is right there in the thick of the action , but no more interesting than the chalk lines that [define] the batter 's box .

Although the report focuses attention on the huge gap between the top fifth of income-earning families and the bottom fifth , a gap worthy of Brazil , the more striking numbers delineate the widening gap between the top fifth of income earners ( and , within that group , the top 5 percent in particular ) and everyone else .
although the report focuses attention on the huge gap between the top fifth of income-earning families and the bottom fifth , a gap worthy of brazil , the more striking numbers [define] the widening gap between the top fifth of income earners ( and , within that group , the top 5 percent in particular ) and everyone else .

Many tongues are spoken here , but multilingualism serves mainly to delineate constituent groups , not to facilitate communication .
many tongues are spoken here , but multilingualism serves mainly to [define] constituent groups , not to facilitate communication .

They delineate , which is something entirely different .
they [define] , which is something entirely different .

Name titles , a category Ms. Whitehead supports , present an even greater challenge : to delineate plot trajectory via .
name titles , a category ms. whitehead supports , present an even greater challenge : to [define] plot trajectory via .

Because anyone writing a review of any book ought to be required to delineate the reasons for his approval or disapproval of its style and content , so any editor worth his salt should be able to detect in a properly written , professional review of a dictionary by a lexicographer any untoward bias and to reject such a review ( or parts of it ) out of hand .
because anyone writing a review of any book ought to be required to [define] the reasons for his approval or disapproval of its style and content , so any editor worth his salt should be able to detect in a properly written , professional review of a dictionary by a lexicographer any untoward bias and to reject such a review ( or parts of it ) out of hand .

